ARTICLE
Usually, the first 100 days of an administration are when a president starts to figure out the job and feel at home. Sometimes, he accomplishes much during that period; other opening stretches are more vexed, but by the end a commander in chief has begun to inhabit his office.
Something funny is happening with President Trump, though: Over the last week or two, he has instead appeared to return to many of the habits he developed on the campaign trail. That includes another campaign-style rally on Saturday, a sudden gusher of sit-down interviews, and an even more improvisatory approach than usual. These returns to habit correspond with, and seem to follow, the president’s ongoing inability to achieve much with the presidency.
Trump has held several “campaign” rallies since his inauguration, including one in February in Florida. Saturday’s was a classic of the form. It began with a sustained broadside against the media.
“The Washington media is part of the problem,” he said in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. “Their priorities are not my priorities, and they are not your priorities, believe me. Their agenda is not your agenda.”
Most of what he said was either a direct echo of his stump speeches or of a piece with it. There were the sustained complaints about the media; the “lock her up” chants, about an opponent Trump dispatched nearly six months ago; a recitation of campaign favorite “The Snake”; protester interruptions and ejections; and a dubious claim of record attendance. The new elements of the speech, which focused on his presidency, were delivered with the same sense of grievance that Trump brought on the trail—only now he is the president of the United States, the most powerful man in the world.
Meanwhile, Trump seems to be everywhere. Starting in late July 2016, Trump—until then the most press-accessible candidate in recent history—pulled back dramatically from the media, putting a stop to press conferences, and largely ceased giving interviews to all but assuredly friendly questioners. For the most part, he continued that approach even into the presidency, although he occasionally betrayed his continued interest in the mainstream press—as when, upon the collapse of the GOP health-care plan, he immediately called Robert Costa of The Washington Post and Maggie Haberman of The New York Times.
Recently, however, Trump is everywhere. He’s given interviews to (among others) the Associated Press, Wall Street Journal, Washington Post, Politico, CBS News, and Salena Zito (in both print and on the radio). The contents of the interviews has been campaign-vintage Trump, with the president improvising on the spot and refusing to offer specifics. Several of the exchanges have been rough: Trump abruptly cut off a discussion with CBS’s John Dickerson when Dickerson challenged his wholly unsubstantiated claims that Barack Obama “wiretapped” him, and in a discussion of the current Republican health-care plan, Trump seemed unaware of what the legislation would do.
The shift came as Trump neared his 100 day mark and, it seems, realized that he had almost nothing to show for his first three months on the job, with the notable exception of a confirmed Supreme Court justice. No matter what Trump says, the tally is clear enough, and he himself set the bar for success back in October.
It’s unsurprising that Trump would wish to return to the campaign—not yet constrained by office, he was free to say and do more or less as he chose, and it culminated in the great moment of his life: his election as president of the United States. Things haven’t gotten quite so well since. His approval rating has tanked, he has spoken frankly in interviews about how unexpectedly hard the job turns out to be, and how little has has to show for it.
Trump’s problem is that he faces a vicious cycle: The more his presidency feels stalled, the more he reverts to his campaign mode. And the more he reverts to campaign mode, the less influence and attention he seems able to garner.
Reviews for Trump’s Saturday speech were not great. “This was the most divisive speech I have ever heard from a sitting American president,” said David Gergen. “Others may disagree about that. He played to his base and he treated his other listeners, the rest of the people who have been disturbed about him or opposed him, he treated them basically as, ‘I don't give a damn what you think because you're frankly like the enemy.’ I thought it was a deeply disturbing speech.” That’s notable condemnation, especially from a man who, as a speechwriter to Richard Nixon, attended “attack meetings” in the White House.
But Gergen’s voice was unusual, not in that he condemned the speech, but in that he bothered to give it any attention at all. Trump’s old-style stemwinders no longer attract the same kind of attention they once did, because no matter how outlandish and provocative one’s headgear is—even a red MAGA cap—it will eventually become old hat.
Perhaps it’s unwise to put too much weight on the Saturday rally. After all, as Trump was eager to point out, many of the stars in the Washington journalistic firmament were otherwise engaged at the White House Correspondents Dinner that evening, keeping them from Harrisburg.
There are other data points, though. The AP examined the president’s Twitter feed and found people are tiring of that as well:

The number of people engaging with Trump on Twitter—through likes, retweets, quotes and replies—has gradually declined, according to an Associated Press analysis of his feed and the users who read, react and propel his words throughout the Twittersphere….

Before his 50th day in office, a little over 32 percent of his tweets averaged around 60,000 engagements including retweets, replies, and quote tweets. But after day 50, no day has reached that level of engagement. Before then, 60 percent of the days' tweets got over 50,000 engagements. After, only 3 have—9 percent.

Meanwhile, only 36 percent of respondents in a Fox News poll in late April said they’d vote to reelect Trump—against 55 percent who said they wouldn’t, including 47 who “definitely” would not.
However slowly Trump is adapting to some aspects of the presidency, he would be prodigiously fast if people really are starting to tune him out. Usually it takes a president until deep into his second term to become irrelevant. It’s easy to see why people might become numb to Trump news. He’s been the largest news story in the nation almost continuously since June 2015, an unusually long stretch. There’s a limit to how many stories about unusual, bizarre claims anyone can make before the novelty begins to wear off.
Take health care: After its collapse in March, Trump announced he was moving on to overhauling the tax system. Since then, the House GOP is on at least its second White House-induced attempt to resuscitate the health bill. Meanwhile, the tax plan that Trump produced last week, if it can really be called a plan, is very similar to the vague outline Trump offered on the campaign trail—but with barely any added detail.
Now, when the president announces he’s “looking at” breaking up big banks and increasing the gas tax, or when he claims he’s going to have a $1 trillion infrastructure package ready in a fortnight, no one even bothers to reply. (Well, almost no one.) Because so much that Trump says has turned out to be empty rhetoric, the default is fast becoming to assume new statements are also empty unless proven otherwise. (Trump does still have the capacity to shock, as his Civil War history shows, but these moments are becoming less potent.)
The electorate becoming numb to what the president says is probably not a good thing for democracy—or for traffic at your favorite journalism outlets!—but it’s also very bad for Trump, who thrives and depends on being able to attract and direct attention. “If people don’t associate my name with quality and success, I’ve got serious problems,” he once wrote.
That’s the bind he’s in now, and he’s responded to it by returning to the tactics he employed on the campaign trail. That may not be the panacea he hopes. Before Trump drew back from the media in late July, his campaign was a chaotic mess. In the months after withdrawing, he became a more disciplined campaigner, taking a candidacy destined for catastrophic collapse and turning it into a winner. Even if Trump believes a return to his campaign tactics of press saturation is a winner, it could instead exacerbate his problems.



ARTICLE
President Trump has peppered his first months in office with periodic announcements about the history of the nation he now leads, which he shares in the apparent presumption that others will be similarly amazed and astonished. In February, he marked Black History Month with a rambling speech, name-checking a variety of historical figures. “I am very proud now that we have a museum, National Mall, where people can learn about Reverend King, so many other things,” he said. “Frederick Douglass is an example of somebody who's done an amazing job that is being recognized more and more, I notice.”
“Great president,” he told the congressional campaign committee of the Party of Lincoln back in March. “Most people don’t even know he was a Republican, right? Does anyone know?”
But more striking than these episodes in the education of Donald Trump are the lessons he chooses to draw from these snippets of the past. On Monday, he was speaking to SiriusXM’s Salena Zito about his admiration for Andrew Jackson, a favorite theme of Steve Bannon’s, and veered dramatically off course:

I mean had Andrew Jackson been a little later you wouldn’t have had the Civil War. He was a very tough person, but he had a big heart. He was really angry that he saw what was happening with regard to the Civil War, he said, “There’s no reason for this.” People don’t realize, you know, the Civil War, if you think about it, why? People don’t ask that question, but why was there a Civil War? Why could that one not have been worked out?

There is, as my colleague David Graham has noted, a tremendous amount to unpack in those short few lines. Most charitably, Trump may have been contrasting Jackson’s successful resolution of the Nullification Crisis in 1832 with President Buchanan’s fecklessness a few decades later, making the case that a strong leader could have imposed a deal that would have averted the war.
Jackson was prepared to use force, militia drilled in South Carolina, but a compromise averted the crisis. “We want no war, above all, no civil war, no family strife,” Henry Clay said in 1832, defending that compromise on the Senate floor. “We want to see no sacked cities, no desolated fields, no smoking ruins, no streams of American blood shed by American arms!”
But if Clay and Jackson averted war, their continuance was purchased in the blood and pain of others. There were 2 million slaves in 1830; by the time the Civil War came, there were more than 4 million held in bondage.   
The question Trump says that “people don’t ask” may be the most debated historical question in America. Union veterans of the war tended to stress the moral imperative of their cause. But by the 1890s, historians like James Ford Rhodes were starting to understand the conflict as the inevitable clash of a slave system with an industrializing economy, with slavery less a moral cause than a tectonic force impelling the conflict forward. Charles and Mary Beard, in the 1920s, deemphasized slavery in favor of class conflict between the agrarian South and industrializing North, but saw the war as no less inevitable.
In the wake of the First World War, though, revisionists like James Randall and Avery Craven argued that the Civil War was a terrible, avoidable blunder. Slavery was inefficient, and left alone, would have extinguished itself, they insisted—it was weak politicians and crumbling institutions that produced unnecessary bloodshed.
This was the reigning interpretation when Trump was in school; if he studied the causes of the Civil War, it’s likely what he would have learned. And asking the question does Trump no discredit; when I taught the history of the Civil War to lecture halls of college students, we spent weeks discussing it. What’s alarming is the answer he proposes; that the conflict might have been averted by a strong leader. And the omission of a critical word: slavery.
By the civil-rights era, historical interpretations of the war were shifting. Historians looked more closely at slavery, and saw a rapidly expanding, even thriving, system. They looked at the words of those who pushed the nation into war. And they concluded that there was a remarkably straightforward answer to the question posed by the president: “Why was there a Civil War? Why could that one not have been worked out?”
Because the Civil War was fought over slavery. “Our position is thoroughly identified with the institution of slavery—the greatest material interest of the world,” Mississippi declared as it seceded. “The people of the slave holding States are bound together by the same necessity and determination to preserve African slavery,” said Louisiana. “The servitude of the African race, as existing in these States, is mutually beneficial to both bond and free, and is abundantly authorized and justified by the experience of mankind, and the revealed will of the Almighty Creator, as recognized by all Christian nations,” insisted Texas.
And Lincoln understood it, too. “All knew that this interest was somehow the cause of the war,” he said. “To strengthen, perpetuate, and extend this interest was the object for which the insurgents would rend the Union even by war, while the Government claimed no right to do more than to restrict the territorial enlargement of it.”
The entirely uncontroversial consensus among professional historians is that slavery caused the war, although this conclusion has not reached much of the general public. Leaders like Jackson, then, only postponed the inevitable reckoning. It’s still tempting, though, to believe that the Civil War might have been avoided, the loss of three-quarters-of-a-million lives averted, the bloodiest conflict in our history forestalled. And for a century, many of America’s political leaders did everything in their power to turn a blind eye to the carnage of slavery, staving off sectional crises.
The first century of American history, in fact, can be told through the long litany of deals struck by strong leaders working to suppress, or at least delay, open conflict over slavery. The delegates in Philadelphia were deal makers; the Constitution they produced strengthened the federal government, but at the price of shielding slavery. The three-fifths compromise ensured the South would wield disproportionate power in the House and in presidential elections; the document protected the international slave trade for 20 years.
If some at the convention had hoped that compromise might buy enough time for slavery to pass out of existence on its own, they were disappointed. Instead, slavery—in all its horrifying brutality—became a cornerstone of American economic development. An ever-increasing number of human beings were held in bondage, their labor forcibly extracted, and their financial worth heavily leveraged.
The deals piled up, the list like a history-textbook index. The Missouri Compromise, in 1820. The Nullification Crisis in 1832. The Compromise of 1850. The Kansas-Nebraska Act, passed in 1854. Even on the eve of war, there was the failed Crittenden Compromise.
One hundred and sixty years ago, the founders of this magazine promised that, in politics, “It will deal frankly with persons and with parties, endeavoring always to keep in view that moral element which transcends all persons and parties, and which alone makes the basis of a true and lasting national prosperity.” Their point was that some issues aren’t personal, aren’t partisan, and aren’t amenable to compromise—that sometimes it is striking a deal which weakens a nation, and taking a principled stand which strengthens it.
There are some conflicts that a leader cannot suppress, no matter how strong he may be; some deals that should not be struck, no matter how alluring they may seem.
This was the great moral truth on which the Republican Party was founded.
Perhaps most people don’t know that.



ARTICLE
From the start, it didn’t seem likely Republican lawmakers would agree with President Trump’s proposed cuts to the National Institutes of Health. Even some of the most conservative legislators had worked in recent years to increase the agency’s funding, and the White House figures represented a dramatic reversal of that effort.
With the release of their budget agreement for 2017, lawmakers have demonstrated how little they cared for the administration’s plans for NIH. The omnibus, which spells out funding between now and the end of this fiscal year, allocates an additional $2 billion to the agency. That figure represents a rebuke of the president’s cuts. But it also lets lawmakers continue to do what they wanted all along: to replace a recent pattern of boom-and-bust funding with steady funding increases year after year.
Trump’s numbers were never going to be final, as Congress holds the purse strings of the federal government and presidential budgets aren’t often taken as gospel. Yet the cuts were nevertheless unnerving to the biomedical-research community, whose livelihoods, work product, and ability to recruit and retain scientists depend on NIH. Between two White House spending proposals released this spring—notably the 2018 “skinny budget”—the agency would have seen its budget cut by roughly $7 billion. Trump proposed slicing $1.2 billion for fiscal year 2017—primarily from research grants—and an additional $5.8 billion in the next fiscal year. The latter reduction in particular would have significantly hampered the agency’s ability to finance science around the world; it represents nearly 20 percent of the total NIH budget.
Research advocates quickly came out against the 20 percent slice, which the Trump administration said would zero out “inefficiencies.”
“Drastic cuts to the National Institutes of Health budget run counter to the priorities of our nation, national security and the aspirations of Americans,” Research!America President Mary Woolley said in a statement at the time.
Lawmakers who’ve supported funding increases were similarly displeased. Tom Cole, the Oklahoma congressman who chairs the House subcommittee with jurisdiction over NIH funding, called the cuts “very short-sighted,” citing the cancer and infectious-disease research the agency supports. In a statement, Cole’s Senate counterpart, Roy Blunt of Missouri, was quick to remind that it represented only the “first step in the appropriations process.”
Meanwhile, Democratic lawmakers were given another chance to show how far apart they are from the president. An omnibus summary released Monday by Democratic leadership on the House Appropriations Committee seemed to needle Trump: “This amount is $3.2 billion more than the Trump administration proposed for 2017 and $7.8 billion more than it proposed for 2018,” reads one line about the $2 billion increase.
The budget bump “sends a clear signal that lawmakers on both sides of the aisle prioritize funding for medical research,” writes STAT News’s Lev Facher, who also reported a breakdown Monday of where the money is going:

The NIH funding hike includes an extra $400 million to research Alzheimer’s disease and an additional $476 million for the National Cancer Institute. And it boosts spending on two of former President Barack Obama’s big science projects: the Precision Medicine Initiative, which will get an increase of $120 million as it seeks to recruit volunteers for genetic testing and health tracking; and the BRAIN Initiative, which will get an extra $110 million to support work mapping the human brain.

This year is now the second in a row that NIH’s budget could increase by $2 billion. In the late 1990s and early 2000s, the NIH was a favorite of congressional lawmakers, who doubled its budget over five years. But that enthusiasm didn’t last, as other funding concerns—namely national security—took precedent. After roughly a decade of stagnant budgets, lawmakers began in 2015 to advocate for more agency money, and both they and NIH Director Francis Collins—a holdover from the Obama administration—have expressed support for slow and steady boosts to the budget over time.
Another increase could come NIH’s way once Congress turns to next year’s spending. In the meantime, the White House will release its full budget for 2018, fleshing out the proposals outlined in his skinny-budget blueprint in March. Lawmakers will be able to see then whether their spending increase has had any effect—or whether Trump will double down on his vision for NIH.



ARTICLE
Updated on May 1 at 2:03 p.m. ET
President Trump has indisputably rocked the conventions of political culture and international diplomacy during his first 100 days in the White House. His initial imprint on the federal budget, however, will be much lighter.
In the $1.1 trillion spending bill Congress unveiled early Monday morning, Trump secured up to $15 billion in additional defense spending for the remaining seven months of the fiscal year, along with a modest $1.5 billion boost for border security. But in most other respects, the first bipartisan agreement of the Trump administration is remarkably similar to what lawmakers might have agreed to under the divided government led by former President Barack Obama.
Republican and Democratic lawmakers refused to allocate money for Trump’s prized border wall or a “deportation force” of new border agents, nor did they withhold funds from so-called “sanctuary cities.” They ignored his proposed $18 billion cut to domestic agencies and the State Department—even the Environmental Protection Agency got 99 percent of its budget funded. Lawmakers approved a bigger increase—$2 billion— to fund medical research at the National Institutes of Health and for former Vice President Joseph Biden’s cancer “moonshot” than for Trump’s priority of enhanced border security. And despite unified GOP control of the White House and Congress, federal taxpayer money can still flow to Planned Parenthood.
With good reason, Democrats were quicker to champion the agreement than Republicans or the Trump administration. “Early on in this debate, Democrats clearly laid out our principles,”said Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer. “At the end of the day, this is an agreement that reflects those principles.”
Trump will have another chance to make his mark on federal spending in just a few months, when Congress must debate full-year funding for 2018. But in the first months of the new administration, Republicans on Capitol Hill were in no mood to chance a government shutdown by fighting for the president’s priorities, and Democrats took advantage. In exchange for giving the Pentagon about half of the $30 billion spike that Trump requested, Democrats won increased funding for several programs that the White House wanted to cut, including Pell Grants, clean energy initiatives, transportation infrastructure, and nearly $300 million in Medicaid money for Puerto Rico. Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia and other coal-country lawmakers also won a big victory with the inclusion of $1.3 billion in long-term health-care funding for coal miners and their widows.
Republican reactions were muted, reflecting the considerably more modest wins they secured in the bill. Trump had little to say, although he told Bloomberg News he would sign the legislation if it remains “as we discussed.” “We’re very happy with it,” the president said. Speaker Paul Ryan noted that Democrats had relented on their demand from throughout the Obama years that any increase in defense spending be paired by an equivalent rise in non-defense money. And he lauded funding to combat opioid addiction and support charter schools, the District of Columbia’s school voucher programs, and disaster relief. But the lack of any significant cuts in the bill was undoubtedly a defeat for spending hawks both in Congress and in the Trump administration, particularly budget chief Mick Mulvaney and Tom Price, the secretary of health and human services. Price’s department will actually get more money than even the Obama administration requested from Congress last year, thanks in large part to the bipartisan backing for increased medical-research funding.
The outcome had been expected after Trump relented last week on his demand for an immediate downpayment on the wall and on his threat to withhold subsidy payments to insurers under the Affordable Care Act. Democratic leaders had said the more Trump interfered in the congressional negotiations, the more likely they would lead to a shutdown. By the weekend, the White House had left them more or less alone.
Most importantly for Republicans, the deal provides stability. A bipartisan agreement ensures that the legislation can pass both the House and Senate this week over the expected objections of conservatives, avoiding an embarrassing early shutdown for the new president and—just maybe—clearing the way for a successful health-care vote in the next few days. (Congress approved a week-long funding extension on Friday to buy time for the broader deal to come together.)
But averting disaster is not the same as winning, and this first spending deal highlights, once again, the gap between what Trump wants and what his Republican allies in Congress are able—or willing—to deliver him. And when the president signs the legislation later this week, the surprise won’t be how much change it represents in the way Washington spends money under Republican governance, but how little.



ARTICLE
When presidents play historian, it almost always says more about them than it does with history. In this respect, Donald Trump is just like his predecessors.
In an interview with Salena Zito for Sirius XM radio, Trump discussed the nastiness of the 2016 campaign. (Sirius released a clip; the full interview is to air Monday afternoon.) He was told that the 1828 race between John Quincy Adams and Andrew Jackson was the most similar, he said.

"Had Andrew Jackson been a little bit later, you wouldn’t have had the Civil War" @realDonaldTrump told @SalenaZito. Full intv at 2pE, Ch124 pic.twitter.com/d7PuRRm7Md
— SiriusXMPolitics (@SXMPolitics) May 1, 2017
“I said, ‘When was Andrew Jackson?’ It was 1828, that’s a long time ago, that was Andrew Jackson,” Trump said, a sign that the history to follow would be somewhat shaky. Reminiscing about a visit to Tennessee in March, Trump continued:

I mean had Andrew Jackson been a little later you wouldn’t have had the Civil War. He was a very tough person, but he had a big heart. He was really angry that he saw what was happening with regard to the Civil War, he said, “There’s no reason for this.” People don’t realize, you know, the Civil War, if you think about it, why? People don’t ask that question, but why was there a Civil War? Why could that one not have been worked out?

As with so many things Trump says, the quotation is simultaneously deeply confusing, and yet also deeply revealing.
On an historical level, Trump’s remarks are full of problems. It is difficult to know what the president means when he says that Jackson “was really angry that he saw what was happening with regard to the Civil War.” Jackson died in 1845, 16 years before the war began, though the challenge to national unity posed by slavery was clear by then. It’s possible Trump is referring to the Nullification Crisis, a conflict between the federal government and the state of South Carolina. The Palmetto State, outraged at high tariffs imposed by the federal government that aided industry but harmed slave states, announced it was “nullifying” the tariff—refusing to pay it. (The idea that states can nullify federal law has been rejected by courts, but keeps popping up throughout American history.)
Jackson, though born in South Carolina and an advocate for states’ rights, took a hard line, getting authorization to use military force against the state to enforce the law, though a compromise tariff ended up resolving the crisis without armed conflict.
But assuming that this type of strong leadership, leavened with compromise, would have staved off the Civil War is dubious, for reasons raised by the rest of Trump’s answer: “People don’t realize, you know, the Civil War, if you think about it, why? People don’t ask that question, but why was there a Civil War? Why could that one not have been worked out?”
In fact, of course, many, many people do ask that question. (One might imagine that Trump, as a creature of Twitter, might be aware of the endless debates about the war in that platform.) What’s more, it is a question that has been definitively answered. The Civil War was fought over slavery, and the insistence of Southern states that they be allowed to keep it. (You needn’t take my word for it: Read the statements of the states that seceded, and their leaders, making the case.)
It is difficult to imagine that Jackson, as a Southern slaveholder and defender of slavery, would have been willing to stand against the South in the event of a civil war. But that’s ultimately beside the point: Even if he had, such a position would likely have stood little chance of preventing the war, which flowed from the Southern commitment to slavery.
Trump’s assertion that Jackson could have staved war off is a manifestation of Trump’s central, and perhaps only truly committed, political beliefs: a faith in the power of strength, and a faith in the power of dealmaking. It is why the president rushed to congratulate Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on a referendum empowering him and sapping democracy; it is why he is so fond of Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi; and it is why on Sunday he invited the vicious Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte to the White House. If only there had been an Andrew Jackson in the White House, rather than a James Buchanan, goes the thinking, the war could have been averted.
To credit that requires two assumptions. The first is that the Civil War was tragic, a view my colleague Ta-Nehisi Coates dismantled in 2011: “One group of Americans attempted to raise a country on property in Negroes. Another group of Americans, many of them Negroes themselves, stopped them. As surely as we lack the ability to see tragedy in violently throwing off the yoke of the English, I lack the ability to see tragedy in violently throwing off the yoke of slaveholders.”
The second, related assumption is that there might have been some compromise in the matter. But given the Confederate states’ commitment to slavery, there was not: Either the Union could have thrown up its hands, allowed secession, and allowed slavery to persist, or else a war was inevitable, no matter the dealmakers or strongmen involved.
It’s perfectly possible that Trump, despite attending good private schools in New York and then graduating from the University of Pennsylvania, is, like many Americans, ill-served by his education when it comes to the Civil War. Many Americans are still taught, incorrectly, that the war was essentially a conflict over state’s rights, with abolition as a byproduct of the war. This revisionist view flourished after the war, and though gradually being displaced, is common across the country. (Many erroneous beliefs about the war remain similarly common. In 2016, Coates and others criticized Hillary Clinton for her historically faulty gloss on Reconstruction, rooted in the revisionist “Dunning School” approach.)
Recent presidents make great show of their reading of history. Bill Clinton went on the Today show in 2011 to recommend a set of dense historical tomes. George W. Bush released reading lists full of historical works during his presidency, and he told Jay Leno in 2013, “I did what I did and ultimately history will judge.” One book Bush read in the White House was Doris Kearns Goodwin’s Team of Rivals, a selection he shared with Barack Obama, who liked the book so much that he depicted his own cabinet, including former primary opponent Hillary Clinton, as a “team of rivals.”
Trump’s attempt to replicate this plays as caricature. Had the president read Goodwin’s book, it’s difficult to imagine he would have made the statement he did today. Trump has betrayed a weak grasp on American history, and in particular mid-19th century history, on several occasions. In February, he posted a fake Lincoln quote to Twitter. Marking Black History Month, Trump delivered a perplexing paean to a great abolitionist that suggested he believed the man was still alive: “Frederick Douglass is an example of somebody who’s done an amazing job and is getting recognized more and more, I notice.” In March, speaking about the most famous Republican president in history, Trump said, “Most people don’t even know he was a Republican.”
Trump’s repeated invocation of Jackson seems to be the work of Stephen Bannon who is Trump’s chief strategist and an apostle of Old Hickory. Bannon has tutored Trump in Jackson’s legacy in an attempt to get the president to model himself on and praise Jackson. But Monday’s bumbling historical commentary demonstrates that the lessons are not going all that well. Given the president’s busy schedule, perhaps he would be better served learning the details of the health-care bill he is championing, rather than muddling crudely through remedial U.S. history.



ARTICLE
The day she left to join the Islamic State, Jaelyn Young took a floral backpack with clothes, craft supplies, and a scrapbook. Muhammad Dakhlalla, whose friends call him Moe, packed a bar of soap, gray sweats, and a pack of Starburst minis. She was organized: Her wallet held bank cards and insurance cards, plus a Sonic receipt tucked inside. He loved video games: His only t-shirt featured the robots of Portal 2. On that hot August day, they were headed to Turkey, on their way to Syria.
Listen to the audio version of this article:Download the Audm app for your iPhone to listen to more titles.
Moe, 22, had graduated from Mississippi State University in Starkville a few months earlier, in the spring of 2015, and had been accepted into a psychology master’s program there for the fall. He has a friendly, slightly dorky demeanor in conversation, ever the goofy baby brother of an expressive Muslim family. Jaelyn, just turned 20, was a sophomore in chemistry, working in a lab on nanoparticles. High-school friends describe the tiny Vicksburg native as a “spunky, smart robotics chick” from a strict black family, with a Navy veteran and police officer for a father and a school superintendent for a mother. The two started dating in November 2014; she converted just a few months later. By June, they had wed in an Islamic ceremony, although they never obtained a marriage license. Moe and Jaelyn were both academically talented, but neither planned to return to school. God willing, Jaelyn allegedly told their online recruiter, they would be overseas by summer’s end.
The weeks dragged on. They applied for passports, waiting impatiently for them to arrive by mail. Moe wondered whether they’d be assigned a city or could pick one. She wanted to be a medic. He yearned to be a fighter. They asked questions about religion classes and wondered if they would be tested on their knowledge of Islam.
She was nervous about traveling, she allegedly told her recruiter—she had never been outside the United States. He asked about basic training and whether ISIS follows Islamic law. “I am not familiar with sharia,” he allegedly told the recruiter. “I am excited about coming … but I feel I won’t know what all I will be doing.”
Finally, it was time to leave. They used her mom’s credit card to buy tickets on Delta, with a connection in Amsterdam. She carried $367.50, more than enough for a taxi or train to the famous Blue Mosque in Istanbul, where they planned to meet their recruiter. They would stand out, she wrote, because of her “big bushy curly hair,” but she asked the recruiter to bring a head scarf for her to wear during the rest of their journey; she was ashamed to go uncovered but scared to wear a hijab while traveling for fear of drawing attention to herself. Early on a Saturday morning, they drove about half an hour to Columbus, Mississippi, expecting little security trouble at their small regional airport as they departed for their new life.
They were arrested while preparing to board their flight. Jaelyn and Moe weren’t actually talking to ISIS recruiters. Their contacts had been undercover FBI employees the whole time.
Extremist ideas have never been easier to access. Propaganda videos, like the ones Jaelyn and Moe were watching around the spring of 2015, are on YouTube. Extremist communities can be found through Twitter and Facebook; pseudonymous accounts can be opened with just a few clicks. The vast majority of people who watch and read propaganda never act on it. But some begin to believe that the American media offer only a “thick cloud of falsehood” about ISIS, as Jaelyn put it.
In the past three years, the FBI has invested significant resources in tracking and arresting these ISIS sympathizers in the United States. Between March 2014 and April 2017, 125 people have been charged with ISIS-related crimes. But in February 2015, FBI Director James Comey said there were terrorism investigations happening in all 50 states, and later that year, he said more than 900 were open. ISIS, said Comey, is “putting out a siren song through their slick propaganda, through social media, that goes like this: ‘Troubled soul, come to the caliphate. You will live a life of glory; these are the apocalyptic end times. You will find a life of meaning here, fighting for our so-called caliphate. And if you can’t come, kill somebody where you are.’”
The FBI closely monitors online communities that discuss ISIS, at times running so many undercover accounts that agents end up investigating one another: An FBI policy guide, obtained and published by The Intercept, notes that online investigations have “previously resulted in resources being wasted by investigating or collecting on FBI online identities,” or employees working undercover. The Bureau also takes tips from a network of sources—from security firms to random vigilantes—who monitor these communities.
The small group of people who have been arrested on ISIS-related charges are an idiosyncratic bunch—they come from a range of socioeconomic backgrounds, and each case is distinctive. But many do share important traits with Moe and Jaelyn. According to the Center on National Security at Fordham University’s School of Law, their median age is 25. Three-quarters are American citizens. Nine out of 10 are male. Over one-third are converts to Islam. Although roughly a quarter of cases have involved people of Arab descent like Moe, whose father is Palestinian, most come from other ethnic backgrounds, including African Americans like Jaelyn. Few have criminal backgrounds. Many live with their parents. And roughly 90 percent of cases involve social media, sometimes including online conversation with a recruiter, either real or undercover.
A recent court case shows that activity on Twitter may now be all it takes to get arrested on ISIS-related charges. In February 2016, for example, a Missouri woman was arrested for allegedly retweeting pro-ISIS solicitations of violence against U.S. government personnel. She was charged with making threats across state lines—a novel approach to prosecution in terrorism cases. But the plurality of prosecutions are brought and closed on one charge: conspiracy to provide material support to ISIS. These are cases of people caught on the verge of action, like Jaelyn and Moe—at the airport, or with plane tickets ready in hand. While a handful of cases have involved weapons charges, most don’t. These lonely, isolated admirers of the caliphate hope to join their allies abroad.
The most remarkable thing about Jaelyn and Moe is that theirs was a largely straightforward case.
ISIS sympathizers pose a terrifying dilemma for law-enforcement officials, who have to sift through droves of online aliases engaged with propaganda—whose owners might live in America or abroad—to identify people who credibly wish to harm the United States. The accounts may not be accessible because of encryption, the FBI agents working the Mississippi case told me, and leads can go dark. Americans expect their government to prevent violence before it happens: Their shared national nightmare is the plot that goes undiscovered before an attack or the known sympathizer who gets away. Faced with such high stakes and uncertainty, the FBI is left to teeter between catching people before they act and walking along with them until they violate the law.
The most remarkable thing about Jaelyn and Moe is that theirs was a largely straightforward case. In less than three months, the FBI had crafted a powerful indictment against them. Theoretically, when the Bureau comes across two kids like Jaelyn and Moe—lost, in love, and grasping toward a dark future—agents could try to set them on another path, reaching out to their families and communities. In reality, though, that’s not what the country has asked them to do.
Jaelyn was good at everything in high school. Yearbook photos show her in cheerleading, robotics, and a competitive singing group; she was nerdy enough to join the National Honor Society and Mu Alpha Theta, the math club, but cool enough to be on the homecoming court twice. The “jolliest junior” of Vicksburg’s Warren Central High School was widely liked and friends with everyone from the band kids to the choir kids to the “redneck country kids,” said her classmate Katie Martin.
Even now, teachers speak about Jaelyn in the shorthand of a glowing report card. “Talk about a wonderful student—she stands out in my mind as one of the top students I’ve ever taught,” said Teri Vollor, who teaches chemistry and history. “She was one of those charismatic, outgoing, fun-loving, cheerleader-types—with a brain. That’s a very unusual combination.” Jaelyn attended Triumph Church, where her mom, Benita, teaches Sunday School. The pastor, Mike Fields, remembers her as a “precious, well-mannered” girl. (Jaelyn declined a request for an interview, and although I spoke with her parents in person, they did not respond to requests for help with fact-checking.)
Coverage of Jaelyn’s case focused on her cheerleading and popularity, but she was most involved with robotics. Her small group, Team 456, would meet at a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers facility, spending hours tinkering with their machines. They attended major competitions, where they met famous astronauts and engineers. Jaelyn even met Phil Bryant, the Mississippi governor, at a competition once. (“He crashed our robot into a pillar,” Will Ballard, one of Jaelyn’s teammates, said.)
Although Jaelyn had a lot of friends, “I don’t really remember a lot of people going over to her house, ever,” said Cory Schweitzer, another robotics teammate. Her parents were strict, he said: early curfews, frequent phone calls, no offering rides to other kids. Jaelyn floated among friend groups, never really landing with one. “A lot of times, she seemed almost lonely,” Schweitzer said.
While Jaelyn and her sister, Kaylin, were growing up, Benita was often the only one at home. Their dad, Leonce, is a police officer in Vicksburg who served as a petty officer in the Navy. He did more than a dozen tours of duty abroad, including in Iraq and Afghanistan. Gone for months at a time, he missed Jaelyn’s first days of school, special events, and high-school graduation. “She begged me not to go,” Leonce said of Jaelyn in court. “But I had a moral obligation to my country.” Benita seemed to regret being so tough on her daughters. It was “just me and my two girls,” she testified. “I had to grow some pretty thick skin to be that strong person because Dad wasn’t there.”
The girls argued a lot. “I’m sorry most of our years were spent fighting and yelling/cursing at one another,” Jaelyn wrote in a letter to her sister. “We were both very strong characters. The things we thought we disliked in each other were only things we disliked in ourselves.”
Jaelyn was in junior high the first time Benita noticed the cuts—five or six razor scars visible on her legs. Benita recalled in court that she scolded Jaelyn because they “looked intentional,” but she didn’t press the issue. Time went on, and Benita thought everything was fine. But looking back, she said, she saw that moment as an early sign that Jaelyn was struggling.
“Jaelyn used to be one of the sweetest [girls] I know. Friendly and kind.”
Jaelyn quit the cheer squad her senior year. Leonce told me she was focusing on academics, and Benita testified in court that Jaelyn had been bullied by other girls. By that time, Jaelyn only had one real, close friend, Benita said—likely referring to Kimberly Melton, the daughter of one of the robotics coaches. That September, Kimberly died accidentally after taking cold meds, one of the other robotics coaches wrote on a team message board. She aspirated her own vomit, he wrote, and developed a lung infection. After that, Jaelyn felt like even more of a loner, her mom said in court. Everyone else saw her as charmed, but “she thought a lot of people disliked her.”
Jaelyn graduated from Warren Central in 2013 and headed three hours north to Mississippi State University. Like a lot of college freshmen, she slowly fell out of touch with people back home. According to friends, Jaelyn started hanging out with a group of largely Asian American and international students. “Jaelyn used to be one of the sweetest [girls] I know,” said one of those friends, Inho Yoon, a Korean student two years above her at MSU. “Friendly and kind.”
The second half of Jaelyn’s freshman year brought big changes. She expressed interest in finding a religion that fit her, a friend told me, and started researching Hinduism and Buddhism. At the end of the semester, she got an apartment, but Ballard said she kept it a secret from her parents. That spring, she also started dating Matthew, a mechanical-engineering student a few years older than her from the Mississippi Delta. They had a rocky relationship and took a break over the summer when he left the country to travel in Asia. But when she came back to school that August, she spent a lot of time hanging out with Matthew and his friends—including Moe.
The Dakhlalla family is well-known and well-liked in Starkville, where they’ve lived for nearly two decades. Their small house sits on Herbert Street across from the Islamic center, and Oda Dakhlalla, Moe’s dad, led prayers there for many years. Lisa, Moe’s mom, used to be known as the town “hummus lady” in honor of the spreads she sold at the farmer’s market and at the family’s restaurant, Shaherazad’s. Oda came to the United States as a teenager and ended up at Ole Miss for grad school. Lisa grew up in New Jersey in a white, Christian family. She converted to Islam after she met Oda, and brought her son from a previous marriage, Donovan, to live with them. Oda and Lisa had three kids together—Salah, the oldest, just finished medical school, and Abdullah, the middle brother, earned his doctorate from Mississippi State.
Moe is the youngest. The Starkville native practiced tae kwon do and graduated high school with a 4.0 GPA. He also helped his parents out—Jane Harmon, a family friend, said she spent long hours with Moe painting and decorating Shaherazad's when he was a kid. He never complained, said Sami Austin, Harmon’s sister. His manner was always “peaceful.”
Moe started college in the fall of 2011, where he studied computer engineering and psychology. He fell in with a nerdy crew who liked to play board games and video games. He participated in the Muslim Students Association, although not as actively as his brothers. Moe would volunteer from time to time, said the faculty adviser, Rani Sullivan, and “if there was food, Moe was going to be there.” Moe’s brothers would study the Koran; they prayed regularly and fasted. But while Moe went through the motions of religious ritual, he told me in a letter, he was not particularly devout. “I was taking things for granted,” he wrote, “blindly following the faith.”
Oda, however, pushed the boys to be more religious. He was disappointed with their level of devotion to Islam—“they were praying but not focusing, maybe, in their prayers,” he told me—and he could get particularly aggressive with Moe, friends and family said. One by one, the Dakhlalla brothers moved out of the house, leaving Moe alone with his parents. Moe felt pressure to please Oda, who wanted him to get married and get into grad school, he told me: “I was the only one at home, trying to take care of my parents and go through college.” Lisa and Oda fought a lot; family friends said the couple had grown distant and often yelled at each other. Moe describes himself as a “momma’s boy,” but his mother was sometimes checked out, family friends said. She was also a bit of a prepper, distrustful of mainstream media and terrified that the economy would fail and society would fall apart. She kept a month's supply of food on hand, for example, and wanted to have gallon jugs stored in case something happened to the water supply.
Moe is the kind of guy who’s awkward and shy around girls. At the start of his senior year in the fall of 2014, he told friends he had a crush on someone he knew from the gym, but he gave up after a few weeks of fruitless flirting. And that’s when he started spending more time with Jaelyn.
Matthew’s friends thought Jaelyn was bad news. They said she was manipulative, demanding, and pushy, but Moe didn’t think they were being fair. As the weather got colder, and she and Matthew started fighting, Moe was there to listen. They started hanging out, first in groups, then one on one. When Matthew found out they were spending so much time together, he was shocked and betrayed. He and Jaelyn broke up, and in November 2014, she and Moe started dating.
From the beginning, Moe and Jaelyn were isolated. Moe’s friends disapproved of the way the two got together and became less eager to hang out. Friends say Moe had to ask Jaelyn’s permission to go out and see people, and she would get mad when he stayed out late without telling her. When the couple would hang out with Moe’s brother, Abdullah, “They would be to themselves, sitting in a corner,” said Jonathan Dobbs, one of Abdullah’s close friends. “Moe would be on his laptop playing games. ”
Meanwhile, Jaelyn started getting interested in Islam. During her sentencing hearing, Jaelyn claimed Moe introduced her to the religion, although prosecutors alleged elsewhere that she had been interested in converting before they started dating. She said the shahada—the Muslim profession of faith—around March 2015, at Moe’s parents’ house. He taught her what he knew: how to pray, how to recite the Koran in Arabic. She traded shorts and tank tops for modest skirts and dresses. She started covering her head, first with cloth in rich purple and green, and later, only in black. Moe was happy she had converted to Islam, he told friends. Oda also really wanted him to marry a Muslim. When Jaelyn converted, Oda told me, he cried with joy.
Despite their apparent happiness, Jaelyn and Moe each felt under pressure. She was working in a chemistry lab and planning to take the MCAT. “Mom, I just don’t think I can do it,” Jaelyn said during a phone call one night with Benita. “It’s too much.” She had been anxious, she testified in court, and often contemplated suicide. Benita, thinking she was just going through a normal college experience, didn’t have a lot of sympathy. “Tough up, Jaelyn,” she thought.
Meanwhile, Moe felt lost. He was about to graduate and had the option of getting a master’s in psychology at Mississippi State. But he didn’t really want to pursue it. Friends observed that Moe gained weight and appeared tired and depressed. Moe told me he felt “guilty for making mistakes” in his love life—“no more letting someone run my life by telling what’s right and wrong,” he said. He asked family for advice on how to make Jaelyn happy and keep the relationship going.
“It was all a bit fishy, and Abdullah and many of the other brothers at the masjid,” or mosque, “knew it.”
Many were surprised when they married in early June of 2015. Oda had been hoping to pick Moe’s bride himself, dreaming of someone tall—while he thought Jaelyn was too short for Moe, he told me, he eventually let up and consented to the match. Members of the Starkville Muslim community were invited to their nikah at Oda’s house, but many declined. “It was all a bit fishy, and Abdullah and many of the other brothers at the masjid,” or mosque, “knew it,” said Dobbs. Most folks in the community didn’t know who Jaelyn was: She had rarely attended Muslim Student Association events at school, let alone prayers at the mosque. “There was no contract, no clergy, no agreement of witnesses,” Dobbs said. “We were told the day of and that it would be a potluck dinner.”
But the couple’s closest friends and family didn’t understand what was really going on in their relationship: Over the course of roughly three months, they had slowly become fascinated by ISIS. That spring—it’s not clear exactly when or why—Jaelyn started watching videos featuring Anjem Choudary, the British extremist imprisoned in 2016 for swearing an oath of allegiance to the Islamic State. Friends say she started asking questions about Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of ISIS, and circulated an article claiming Muslims were supposed to pledge allegiance to the caliphate. She downloaded at least one issue of Dabiq, ISIS's online propaganda magazine. Moe joined in: He allegedly downloaded the organization’s guide to making the trip overseas and started watching the videos with Jaelyn. In one clip the couple viewed, ISIS threw a man, presumed to be gay, from the roof of a building.
Jaelyn’s online presence transformed—gone was the short-skirted cheerleader of her high-school yearbook photos. Her Facebook profile showed two women in hijabs. Her Twitter page allegedly referred to the handle @1_Modest_Woman, perhaps her or her recruiter; “I just want to be there :( #IS,” she wrote. Online, Moe allegedly referred to her by an Arabic name presumably adopted as a nom de guerre—Aaminah, meaning “trustworthy.” Jaelyn began avoiding calls and texts from her family and later took down “posters of my favorite shows and music artists,” she testified. The Mississippi teen had always loved heavy metal.
On May 13, around the time of Moe’s college graduation, the FBI made its first publicly known contact with Jaelyn online. A person using her account had “expressed a desire to travel to ISIL territory,” the FBI noted, using the government’s term for the Islamic State, and had “tweeted and retweeted links to ISIL propaganda.” Over the next 13 weeks, at least two undercover employees exchanged frequent messages with Jaelyn and Moe on social media.
Details from court documents submitted by the FBI allege Jaelyn and Moe talked about ISIS in disturbingly casual ways—a sign either that they were fully aware of what they were getting themselves into, or that they were living in a total state of unreality. Some of Jaelyn’s comments sound like a sorority girl planning her dream home rather than a terrorist plotting destruction. God willing, she told an undercover FBI employee, she would soon be overseas where she could “raise little Dawlah cubs.”
As innocent and maternal as that may sound, it may also reveal the extent of her commitment: ISIS propaganda has featured children executing prisoners in the style of a video game, and refers to boys groomed to be fighters as “cubs.” There were signs that Jaelyn understood the horrific violence of the group she longed to join. After a sailor and four Marines were murdered in July in Chattanooga, Tennessee, she celebrated. Praise be to God, she said, “the numbers of supporters are growing.”
In fact, the pair seemed frustrated about the way ISIS was portrayed in the United States, including stories about ISIS taking sex slaves. “I cannot wait to get to Dawlah so I can be amongst my brothers and sisters under the protection of Allah,” Jaelyn allegedly said. Moe said he wanted to be a mujahid, or soldier engaged in jihad. “I am willing to fight,” he allegedly wrote. “I want to be taught what it really means to have a heart in battle!”
In letters written to their families before they left, Jaelyn and Moe didn’t mention anything about ISIS, distrust of American media, or elation about the slaughter of Marines. Instead, they talked about hopelessness.
“It was all my planning ... I am guilty of what you soon will find out.”
“I feel I was not going to make anything life changing in the future,” Moe wrote to his parents. “Making changes here in America feels pointless to me as people in my [academic] field hate change.” He never signed his offer letter from MSU’s grad program, he said: “I did not want you to be responsible for any financial debt after I had left.” He drew a little heart next to his signature, scrawled in sideways, boyish letters.
“I couldn’t cut it here,” Jaelyn wrote in neat cursive to her parents and sister. “I have failed you and I can’t handle the shame. Please forget me. I am not coming back, I couldn’t if I wanted to.” She claimed to have been planning her escape “for almost a year—ever since things went south.” It’s unclear what she was referring to—perhaps family trouble, or academic stress.
In a separate letter, Jaelyn encouraged her sister, Kaylin, to go on mission trips and protect the environment. “Don’t wait until you start to lose hope and begin to think there is no point in helping anyone at all like I did,” Jaelyn wrote. “That was a dark place and I never want that for you.” She asked her sister to treat their parents well. “When you [realize] what they gave up so that we could have food in our mouths and clothes on [our] backs you would feel just as ashamed as I do,” she wrote. “I would do anything to take back any grief I had given them and to just hug them again.”
Jaelyn and Moe both confessed in their letters and after the FBI arrested them at the airport. Both instructed their families not to look for them, but seemed aware that their parents might contact law enforcement anyways. Jaelyn emphasized that their parents weren’t involved, as though to preempt any charges of complicity. They likely expected their families would find the notes after they were long gone, but the FBI arrested the pair at the airport early in the morning.
In the letter to her family, Jaelyn confessed: “It was all my planning—I found the contacts, made arrangements, planned the departure,” she said. “I am guilty of what you soon will find out.” She never talked about Moe as a husband or boyfriend. His mom and dad had taken her in and acted as her “Starkville parents,” she said, so she repaid them “by allowing their son to come with me.” (“He wanted to,” she added.) As she told the authorities in a separate letter, she left home “fully aware of the consequences of my actions, should I be caught.”
It’s difficult to establish how, exactly, the FBI identifies terrorism suspects. “One [way] could be that [they] have a source,” said Jeffrey Ringel, a 21-year veteran of the Bureau now with the Soufan Group, a security-focused consulting firm. When they find potential targets online, they give the information to the FBI: “‘Hey, somebody new just came onto this website, this is their Twitter handle, this is their email address,’” Ringel said. Alternatively, agents might monitor social media or known recruiting sites themselves.
In this case, the FBI says, Twitter was the way in. “Jaelyn was making open, public comments on social media about her support and willingness” to join ISIS, said Christopher Freeze, the special agent in charge of the Jackson, Mississippi, division of the FBI. “It’s not as if we are trolling, or out there just looking for people to open cases on.” Even non-law-enforcement were tracking her. “We watched her account for quite a while,” said Seamus Hughes, the deputy director of the Program on Extremism at George Washington University. “She popped up on our radar pretty easily.”
As the FBI talked to Jaelyn and Moe, they would have been looking for a few specific signs of action, Hughes said. “Assume for a second [Jaelyn] doesn’t get to the airport or doesn’t buy the tickets. Then, the FBI is in a bit of a predicament about what to do next,” he said. “What tripped her up was the overt act of trying to travel.” Many ISIS-related cases in the United States involve people who want to go overseas and only get as far as the airport. But some don’t even manage that: They are arrested for facilitating others’ travel or simply purchasing a plane ticket.
The Youngs and the Dakhlallas first realized their children were in serious trouble when the FBI came knocking. Oda thought the agents were “pulling my foot,” he said. He had been asleep, and Lisa was at the local farmer’s market. He went to the door groggy, but brightened when he saw who it was: He had befriended a handful of FBI agents over the years, and he and his wife cooked for a couple of these men often enough that they would request certain lamb dishes.
“I’m glad you are here, man! Come on!” he said. But the officers had only come as a courtesy to break the news of the case: “Oda, we are on an official visit,” they replied. Oda eventually came to feel that it “was nice of them [to] come along with these FBI agents that I did not know,” he told me. But initially, he felt betrayed.
Three hours west in Vicksburg, agents paid the Youngs a similar visit. “They came here for 35, 40 minutes, told us she was being charged with conspiring to be a medic or something, and they left,” Leonce told me. He claims he didn’t get any help from the Navy or the Vicksburg police department, where he works: “They don’t care,” he said.
As Jaelyn’s and Moe’s parents tried to process what was happening, they faced an enormous challenge: finding and affording a defense attorney capable of representing a client facing terrorism charges. Across the United States, just over 500 al-Qaeda and ISIS cases have been brought since 9/11. Over time, the federal prosecutors who work terrorism cases have gotten good at it, in part because the government has dedicated substantial resources to developing their skills—the Department of Justice even created a division for sharing best practices. But defense attorneys experienced in ISIS cases are hard to come by, especially in Mississippi.
Moe’s case was handled by Greg Park, a court-appointed assistant federal public defender with a quiet, deep voice. He said the attorneys in his office have been trained on how to handle these kinds of charges, but he also sought help. “I did reach out to other attorneys throughout the country who have handled similar cases and discussed their approach and the results they received,” he said. “And I did an abundance of research on my own.”
Meanwhile, Jaelyn switched attorneys a few weeks into her case. She went through the initial stages with a court-appointed attorney, Ken Coghlan, who runs a private practice in Oxford. But soon, her father approached Dennis C. Sweet III, a high-profile lawyer in Jackson. Sweet implied in court that he took the case as a favor to Leonce. (Sweet did not return multiple requests for an interview for this story.) Jaelyn’s father now seems to feel they were at a disadvantage. “If I had money,” Leonce told me, “she wouldn’t have gotten 12 years.”
“I single-handedly screwed up everything that could possibly go wrong.”
Early in March 2016, Moe entered a guilty plea. Prosecutors dropped all charges besides conspiracy to provide material support to ISIS. Since his arrest, Moe had cooperated with them, including giving them Jaelyn’s letters—hundreds of pages of correspondence she had sent to Moe during their time in jail. Even after planning her trip meticulously, going to the airport, and discovering that the government had been watching her for months, Jaelyn still believed they were in it together.
Calling Moe “my habibi,” using the Arabic word for “my sweetheart,” Jaelyn wondered whether he was thinking about cooperating with prosecutors, “to please non-Muslims who are offended that we would dare consider leaving to fight against them?” At various points, she encouraged him not to present false testimony—that they were going overseas to do an éxposé on what she called “the un-Islamic states.” She wrote, “Hey, remember what our plan was, don’t you?”
In jail, she said, “I often find myself going back and forth in my mind” about ISIS and al-Qaeda. She pushed Moe to keep studying: “Before you say ISIS does not represent Islam, I challenge you to read Sharia or Hadith/Sunnah,” she wrote. But she also felt guilty: “I know you felt I ruined your life completely,” she wrote. “I did. I ruined yours, mine, our families’. I single-handedly screwed up everything that could possibly go wrong.”
When Jaelyn’s lawyer brought the letters to a meeting with her in prison, proving Moe had betrayed her, Jaelyn broke down, Sweet said in court. She pled guilty roughly three weeks after Moe.
The undercover FBI employees in Mississippi didn’t just sit by and watch as the couple’s planning escalated. They answered questions as the couple developed their scheme, providing details about travel, logistics, and what ISIS is like. “They expressed an interest to go,” said Freeze. “We provided some basic options, and then they responded.” The undercover agents gave Jaelyn and Moe several chances to back away from their plan, he said, and yet the couple kept going. “I don’t think we overstepped, and the courts didn’t see it that way either.”
A non-lawyer might see this as a form of entrapment, but legally speaking, it’s not, just as Freeze pointed out. To argue entrapment, a defense attorney would not only have to prove that Jaelyn and Moe never would have gone without the FBI’s encouragement—he would also have to show they had no predisposition to travel overseas. Terrorism suspects who consciously agree to commit criminal acts, no matter how theoretical, tend not to win in court with these claims. “Entrapment is just a high bar generally, and it’s particularly high in terrorism cases,” said Karen Greenberg, the director of Fordham Law School’s Center on National Security.
In all likelihood, Jaelyn and Moe both fared better by pleading guilty than they would have if they’d gone to trial, where the government almost always wins. “If you do go to trial, the penalty is immense,” said Greenberg. Of all the sentences that have been given out in ISIS cases to date, the lowest involved a defendant who cooperated with prosecutors. The highest was awarded to someone who went to trial.
The frequent guilty pleas mean the public rarely gets a close look at the FBI’s methods. Not going to trial means key details about the FBI’s operations never come out, because the findings from the discovery phase are never released. In Jaelyn and Moe’s case, this might have included a fuller transcript of their exchanges with the FBI.
“There’s still a lot you won’t find out because the government will say it’s classified,” said Greenberg. “But there’s an awful lot that does come out. And one of the things that can get litigated in open court is the role of the FBI.”
“With me gone, it took a toll on my daughter … Today is my day with my child.”
At the last minute, Jaelyn’s lawyer introduced her mental health as a new factor in the case. Roughly two weeks before Jaelyn was sentenced in August 2016, Sweet submitted a 30-page report, paid for by Jaelyn’s parents, that suggested there was reason for concern about her mental state at the time of her decision to join ISIS.
“She was in trouble, hurting herself physically,” said Sweet at the hearing. “She was in trouble, with her grades dropping, isolation, and other things.” Leonce also tried to take the blame for Jaelyn’s actions. “With me gone, it took a toll on my daughter,” he said. “She was lost. … I’m sure there are other servicemen that might not be in a federal court with their kids, but it [causes] a problem. … Today is my day with my child.” At a previous hearing, when Leonce heard that Jaelyn had celebrated the deaths of servicemen in Chattanooga, FBI Special Agent Stephen Thomason told me, he “broke down crying.”
Clay Joyner, the lead prosecutor, dismissed the claims about Jaelyn’s mental health, noting that the psychiatrist’s report found Jaelyn had “a lifelong pattern of manipulation and lying.” Many of her problems were typical of American college students, Joyner argued: “depression, the issues regarding adolescent brain development, sometimes the absence of a parent, a strict mother.” Another prosecutor, Robert H. Norman, pushed back on Leonce’s plea for leniency. “We also have to face the fact that most ... people” who leave their kids behind to serve overseas “don’t end up in a courtroom with a child charged with betraying her country and wanting to join an organization such as ISIS,” he said.
Young people in America have a rich tradition of feeling lost and trying to find themselves. Some have escaped to the solitude of the Alaskan wilderness, taken up heroin, or plunged into the seedy depths of Reddit. Jaelyn and Moe, however, managed to self-destruct in a way that’s both politically charged and morally horrifying. Grasping blindly at their futures, they scratched the country’s most pressing anxiety: what to do about the fear that we will never, ever be safe.
There may have been another path for Jaelyn and Moe. When the government or its partners identify ISIS sympathizers online, especially people without criminal backgrounds like these two, they could intervene and deter crimes from being committed. This is the approach that “has risen to the top of the heap of counterterrorism issues domestically right now,” Greenberg said: what’s known in the counterterrorism world as “off-ramps.”
In Europe, where countries have greater problems with fighters returning from battlefields in Syria and Iraq compared with the United States, programs vary. The governments of the U.K., the Netherlands, and France have set up hotlines where friends and families can call in to report suspicious behavior. Other programs involve a mentor—someone involved in their mosque, for example, or a mental-health professional—who steps in and takes the would-be ISIS sympathizer under his wing. They might read articles together and critique propaganda found online. The goal is to divert the ISIS sympathizers, who are often young, from taking action.
While there are several models being tested in the United States, including a nascent program in Minnesota featured in Wired in January, “none has really taken hold … as the answer,” Greenberg said. The legality of such programs is complicated: How could investigators share information about suspects gleaned through classified FISA investigations? What would happen to community partners if one of their mentees decided to blow up a mall?
The current political climate presents still more challenges to off-ramp-style programs. Community groups in Michigan and Minnesota have recently rejected grants from the federal government to work on countering extremism, citing the Trump administration’s antagonism of the American Muslim community. Recruiting community partners might become increasingly difficult for an administration that campaigned on the promise to fight, not deter, “radical Islamic extremism.” For its part, the FBI sees Jaelyn and Moe’s case as a lesson about the intensity of the ISIS threat. “This just goes to show that ISIS can reach into small-town America, in Starkville, Mississippi,” said Thomason. “They can reach out on social media and engage two students from very middle-class families.”
The worlds they left behind in Starkville and Vicksburg have lurched on. The spring after Moe was arrested, his mother, Lisa, died of non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma. Then, last December, another member of the Dakhlalla family died: Taqwa, the 2-year-old daughter of Moe’s older brother Abdullah, suffocated in her sleep when a heater malfunctioned in her bedroom. She was just old enough to have met her young uncle before he was arrested.
Oda now lives alone in the little house on Herbert Street, once filled with his wife and children and grandchild. When I visited in January, Jaelyn’s clothes and backpack were still there, stuffed in a trash bag on the back porch; Oda said she had her things mailed to him and Lisa after she was arrested, rather than sending her possessions back home. Oda had trouble sleeping and cried often in the months after Moe’s arrest, he told me. He talks about Islam with an almost numerological obsession, and spends hours on the phone with an imam friend who lives a few hours north. He spent a long time searching for a solution to his son’s situation—he wrote to President Obama, and considered reaching out to former U.S. Senator Trent Lott, whose son, Chet, he said he once tutored. Now, he is resigned. “We live in this life according to the plan of God,” he told me. But “I feel … there [are] traps everywhere.”
Moe tutors fellow inmates in English and math at his prison home in Jesup, Georgia. He exercises a lot and reads sci-fi, and he’s thinking about learning a trade—maybe air-conditioning repair, or electrical work. One thing he appreciates about prison, he told me, is practicing Islam. Instead of watching videos alone in a campus apartment with his girlfriend, or memorizing verses under the watchful eye of his father, he feels he has a community. “I meet about 10-15 Sunni Muslims here on a weekly basis,” he told me in a letter. “The first big lesson I learned from my Muslim brothers is that my knowledge about faith is at an all time low. Just reading about the basics of Islam and the oneness of God is a big change compared to listening to it from my parents and community that I grew up in.” A few months into our correspondence, he started signing off as Muhammad, rather than Moe—the “beautiful Islamic name” Oda was so proud to have given his youngest son.
Vicksburg is mostly silent about Jaelyn. The Army Corps of Engineers sustains the town economically, meaning many of Jaelyn’s closest friends and mentors are afraid they’ll lose their jobs if they talk about the girl they once knew who was convicted of terrorism charges. There’s “this undercurrent—and it’s not just among my work friends—that anything positive you say about Jaelyn could label you as an ISIS sympathizer or something like that,” wrote Will Ballard, her robotics teammate, in an email. “After her arrest ... Well, it was like she had died, practically. … She committed a crime and is paying the price for it, but I don’t think she deserves to be entirely forgotten.”
Kaylin Young’s senior year at Warren Central High School started just days after her sister was arrested. Jaelyn refused to see her until February 2016, after spending six months in jail: “I just couldn’t—I can’t handle it,” she told the court. But Kaylin got through, winning a small college scholarship from a local Vicksburg club. The Youngs proudly placed a “Southern Miss Class of 2020” sign on their front lawn.
Benita, whom Jaelyn closely resembles, told me her daughter is planning to share her story once she’s reunited with her family—as of now, that won’t be until 2026. Although Jaelyn said during her sentencing that she hoped for a platform to tell others about “the decision that led me here” and dissuade “those who are considering the same path,” she is not speaking with the press. “My daughter ... just wants to do her time and be left alone,” Leonce told me. “She don’t want to talk to no news media. They already painted a picture for her.”
Leonce has a plan for his daughter. “When I retire ... I’m going to get a house out there in the country,” he told me. “I’m going to go [into town] and get what I’ve got to get for the month, and go back home, and we’re just going to live our days.” Jaelyn’s incarceration is “a hard pill to swallow, but after you swallow the pill, you realize that your child is still alive, and to hell with the rest of it,” he said. “All this is God’s work.”
In an alternate world—one where Jaelyn and Moe had really been talking to ISIS recruiters, and actually made their way to Syria, and truly joined the Islamic State—the young pair might have gotten involved in violence. They might very well be dead by now: The FBI theoretically made them safer by apprehending them, and Moe and Jaelyn have both said they’re glad they were not successful in their attempt to run away.
But it’s also impossible to know what the world would look like had the FBI not intervened. Perhaps Jaelyn and Moe would have found a real recruiter and made their journey. Perhaps they would have abandoned the idea—a passing, absurd notion born of unhappiness and anxiety, corrected with time and space and the natural force of inertia. Or perhaps they could have been found by Muslim community members who wanted to help, not prosecute, them. Maybe they’d still be together, somewhere in Mississippi, learning about Islam and figuring out where they belong.



ARTICLE
The conventional wisdom is that Donald Trump didn’t get much done in his first 100 days in office. His signature campaign promises—the Muslim travel ban, the border wall—are no closer to fruition than they were when he took office. He has not figured out a way to work with Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare. Despite an appearance of perpetual activity—a flurry of executive orders, leaks to the media about the inner workings of the West Wing—and a real win in nominating and confirming new Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch, this White House hasn’t made much of an impact policy-wise.
All of this adds up to an impression akin to the sound of a balloon deflating. “I've got an entirely conventional view of this: He's done basically nothing,” said one Washington conservative who speaks to Trump.
But there are ways in which the presidency matters that have little to do with policy or legislation. Where Trump has unquestionably had an impact, both as a candidate and now as president, is in the shifting of culture and the breaking of political norms. Trump changed the rules of how people can run for office; his ability to steamroll his way through gaffes and scandals, disregard for the infrastructure and leadership of his party, and lack of any experience in government didn’t prevent him from winning the presidency. His victory has thrown decades of political conventional wisdom out the window.
Trump never “pivoted,” as candidates are supposed to do when they win their party’s nomination and begin campaigning in the general election. And he has continued to not pivot as president, even despite pundits breathlessly observing him “becoming president” on the night of his first speech to a joint session of Congress. Despite the presence of moderating influences in the White House who have, sometimes successfully, pulled him away from the nationalist impulses that drove his candidacy, Trump hasn’t changed--and there’s no evidence he ever will. He is one of the least conventional candidates to ever win the office.
Trump has had a profound effect on an American political culture already heavily weighted toward entertainment. The battles in the White House play out on cable news, the palace intrigue akin to a season of The Real World. Who will win this round — Steve Bannon or Jared Kushner? Gary Cohn or Peter Navarro? Trump himself views the world through the prism of media coverage, is obsessed with cable news, and acts accordingly. It’s the entertainment presidency. And despite the stasis on policy—the U.S. is still in the North American Free Trade Agreement, and serious tax reform looks unlikely this year—Trump’s unconventional approach has changed the debate surrounding these issues in ways that could eventually have real impact. It’s Trump who has made renegotiating or terminating NAFTA into a live issue, and who has expanded the range of tax proposals being seriously debated.
Those two issues offer a glimpse into how much Trump has changed the presidency, even as he struggles to change policy. He came close last week to signing an executive order that would withdraw the United States from the North American Free Trade Agreement, which he has repeatedly promised to renegotiate if not terminate—only to back down after speaking to the leaders of Canada and Mexico.
On tax reform, his team rushed out a one-page plan last week that was roundly mocked in Washington as half-baked; a source close to the White House said that Sean Hannity and most of the presidential staff had encouraged the president to focus first on health care, saving taxes for after Obamacare had been repealed. (Hannity declined to comment.) Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin had said previously that tax reform probably couldn’t get done this year.
But after an op-ed by Larry Kudlow, Stephen Moore, Steve Forbes and Art Laffer in The New York Times last week urging tax reform forward, the plan went ahead.
Kudlow said he had been at the White House on Tuesday and Wednesday and he and the others have “made their views known.”
“We were down there yesterday, we were in the West Wing,” he said on Thursday. It was a dramatic example of how Trump’s willingness to operate outside the usual policy process, and to accept advice from informal advisors, has reshaped the way debates are unfolding.
Whether Trump’s challenges to convention permanently change Washington’s culture, though, or become a cautionary tale for future politicians, may largely be less determined by his success in reshaping debates than by his ability to deliver substantive results. “If you are viewed as successful, yeah, you may have altered the presidency,” said Tim Naftali, a clinical associate professor of history and public service at New York University. “But if you’re viewed as a failure, no.”
“The long-term effects of his allergy to existing norms will depend on how well he does as president,” Naftali said.
And, at the moment, views of Trump are starkly polarized. His approval ratings are historically low for a president at this point in his tenure. A Gallup poll this week put Trump’s approval at 43 percent.
But Trump has never much cared about pleasing everyone. This weekend, he ditched the White House Correspondents Dinner to hold a campaign rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. He thrives off the adulation of his core supporters, and he still has it, despite not delivering on some of the signature promises that drew them to him.
“Trump never suffers politically if he tries and fails,” said the longtime Trump confidant Roger Stone. “He only suffers politically if he stops trying. His voters don’t blame Trump because the travel ban has been knocked down by two federal judges exceeding their authority.”
And on a range of other equally contentious issues, he’s still trying. “There’s a lot of speculation about what he might do on taxes and I’m glad he put this out,” Kudlow said of the tax plan. “He’s writing his own page, not letting others write the page.”



ARTICLE
If Democrats want to regain the power they’ve lost at the state and federal level in recent years, they will have to convince more voters they can offer solutions to their problems.
That may be especially difficult, however, if voters think the party and its representatives in government don’t understand or care about them. And according to a recently released poll, many voters may, in fact, feel that way. The Washington Post-ABC News survey, released this week, found that a majority of the public thinks the Democratic Party is out of touch with the concerns of average Americans in the United States. More Americans think Democrats are out of touch than believe the same of the Republican Party or President Trump.
A single poll shouldn’t be given too much weight on its own, but the results arrive at a time when Democrats are trying to understand what went wrong last year, and what they need to do to win over voters. The results raise questions over why exactly the public thinks the party is so out of touch.
“This should be a huge wake-up call,” said Tim Ryan, the Ohio congressman who made an unsuccessful bid post-election for House minority leader. “Having two-thirds of the country think that your party is in la-la-land, that’s a bombshell. That should wake everybody up,” the Rust Belt Democrat who represents a state that Trump won and has argued the Democratic Party needs to improve its brand said, “and we should, as a party, be woken up already by the fact that people took a chance on Donald Trump.”
There is nuance to the results of the survey. A closer look at the numbers shows that while a majority of Americans believe the Democratic Party is out of touch, most Democrats do not, though that’s only by a slim majority. Democratic voters do, however, seem to have less confidence in their party—at least at the moment—than Republicans do in theirs. A higher percentage of Republican voters, at 60 percent, said that the GOP is in touch with the concerns of most people, compared with just 52 percent of Democrats who said the same of their party.
One explanation for this dynamic could be that liberal voters are looking to rationalize the results of the election, while Republicans may feel instinctively that their party is doing a better job of connecting with voters—because they won.
The perception might also be rooted in how much power Democrats have lost at the state and local level. The party’s grip on state legislatures eroded dramatically during the Obama administation. Voters may doubt that Democrats understand the challenges they face if the party lacks a substantial presence in their state.
“I do think that there’s a lack of trust that has amplified and grown between voters in certain parts of the country and the party, but I think that’s fixable,” said Adam Parkhomenko, a former Hillary Clinton aide. “We have to have a big tent, and the national party has to support state and local parties so that we can invest in candidates who can compete everywhere in the country.”
As Democrats try to determine how to better appeal to voters, some Democratic lawmakers think the party needs to start with a compelling economic agenda.
Representative Debbie Dingell, a Michigan Democrat, believes the party needs to make a clear case that it will fight for the working class. During the campaign, she urged Clinton to talk more about trade—a popular issue of Trump’s—and she vocally opposed the Obama administration’s Trans-Pacific Partnership, an international trade deal that Trump campaigned against. “Democrats need to be out front on trade, and show that we are going to protect workers,” she said. “This White House isn’t exactly walking their talk, but Trump understood that people had seen their jobs shipped overseas, and they were afraid.”
Representative Ryan thinks the party understands the financial hardship that many Americans face, and has better policy prescriptions to help them than the GOP. But he’s not convinced the party has persuaded voters of that: “It’s a real problem for us that we are perceived as limousine, latte-drinking liberals,” Ryan said. “Democrats can’t just message our way out of this. We need to put out bold and aspirational initiatives that will excite voters to the point they want to associate themselves with, and work for, the Democratic Party.”
Another potential issue for Democrats may be the perception that party elites are too close to Wall Street. A key part of Senator Bernie Sanders’s case against Clinton during the presidential primary was that the Democratic front-runner was cozy with the financial industry. When news broke earlier this week that former President Barack Obama will accept $400,000 to speak at a Wall Street conference, Senator Elizabeth Warren, a leading progressive voice, said she was “troubled” by the news, while Sanders called it “unfortunate,” at a “time when people are so frustrated with the power of Wall Street and big-money interests.”
Sanders and Warren have built their reputations on a willingness to take on banks and corporations, and to call out Democrats not similarly inclined. But they’re not the only lawmakers who seem uncomfortable by Obama’s decisions. “I’m not judging him over it,” Ryan said. But, he added: “the optics of that are awful. That is playing right into the very same issue that we had to deal with during the election, of making more money in one speech than people in my district will make in 10 years.”
A spokesman for Obama released a statement earlier in the week suggesting that whatever ties the former president may have to Wall Street, they are not compromising. Yet some critics believe that, despite his support for financial regulatory reform, Obama was far from tough on Wall Street—and that Democrats need to reckon with the extent to which their party has let down the working class. “Democrats can’t win until they recognize how bad Obama’s financial policies were,” Matt Stoller, a fellow with the Open Markets Program at New America, wrote in The Washington Post after the election, arguing that Obama’s policy agenda concentrated power in the hands of corporate elites at the expense of less wealthy Americans.
Pramila Jayapal, a Democratic congresswoman from Washington state who Sanders endorsed, believes it’s important for the party to demonstrate to voters that it will work for average Americans and not corporate interests. She hopes future Democratic candidates will reject super PAC money—as one way to ease any doubts that might otherwise exist in the minds of voters. “I don’t believe that everyone who takes money from corporations is corrupt, but I think that when people do accept corporate money, voters start to question whether they’re basing their votes on that money,” she said.
As Democrats strategize over how to convince Americans they understand their problems, the party may have to decide how much to embrace—or distance itself from—the legacy of its last president. And its broader legacy, too. If nothing else, the fact that so many Americans appear to believe the party is out of touch suggests an opposition message alone won’t be enough to win back power in Washington. In Jayapal’s words, the party “need[s] to rebuild trust with voters.”



ARTICLE
Congress passed a short-term spending bill, averting a government shutdown on the day before President Trump’s 100th day in office. During a speech to the National Rifle Association in Atlanta, President Trump promised an end to an “eight-year assault” on Second Amendment rights. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson encouraged the international community to enforce sanctions on North Korea and said that “all options for responding to future provocations must remain on the table.” The U.S. economy grew by just 0.7 percent in the first quarter, the lowest rate in three years. The 2017 White House Correspondents’ Dinner will take place on Saturday, but instead of attending, Trump will hold a rally in Pennsylvania.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Trump’s Nostalgia: In an interview with Reuters, Donald Trump reveals what he misses most about his life before the presidency. “I loved my previous life. I had so many things going,” Trump said. “This is more work than in my previous life. I thought it would be easier.” (Stephen J. Adler, Jeff Mason, Steve Holland)
What the Press Gets Wrong: Here are 13 things the media still doesn’t understand about President Trump, according to media critics, politics experts, and historians. Hint: Most people don’t care if Trump lies or breaches protocol. (Politico)
Why Even Try?: House Republicans could easily pass a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare, writes Byron York, so why haven’t they done it? A lot of them don’t actually want to. (Washington Examiner)
Where Are We Now?: During his presidential campaign, Donald Trump pledged to “make America safe again.” McClatchy assesses the president’s progress and whether he’s fulfilled his campaign promise. (Vera Bergengruen)
Flattering Ivanka: Powerful leaders around the world—from German Chancellor Angela Merkel to World Bank President Jim Yong Kim—treat the politically inexperienced Ivanka Trump as a valuable White House adviser. Why? (Amy Davidson, The New Yorker)
100 Days of Headlines: Check out this list of every front-page headline from The New York Times since Donald Trump took office—and compare them to headlines from former Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama. (Larry Buchanan, K.K. Rebecca Lai, and Anjali Singhvi)
President Trump won’t be attending this year’s White House Correspondents’ Dinner, which takes place on Saturday, but he did attend in 2011, when then-President Obama made a few jokes at Trump’s expense. This week, we asked you to share your favorite moments from past dinners. Visit our Notes section for a complete list. For now, here’s a sample:
Nancy Alpern found it particularly funny when, at his first dinner in 2009, President Obama joked that Michelle has the right to “bare arms” after the first lady was criticized for frequently wearing sleeveless clothing.
For Fran Koenig, and several other readers, the most “stunning and shocking” moment from past dinners was when Stephen Colbert roasted former President George W. Bush in 2006. Watch Colbert’s address here.
Stay tuned for next week's Question of the Week.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
As the 100-day mark of Donald Trump’s presidency approaches—April 29, but who’s counting, other than the White House?—a review of how well he’s kept his campaign promises shows an administration that’s struggling to enact an ambitious agenda.
Among Trump’s most central promises, his border wall is shaping up slowly, but there’s still no reason to believe Mexico will pay for it. His Muslim immigration ban is frozen in court, beset by constitutional problems. Obamacare repeal died but has rizen, zombie-like, and its future is unclear. Tax reform now seems like a remote possibility, though tax cuts are a real possibility.
The president offered a set of promises for his first 100 days, and though he tried to downplay it recently—“Somebody, yeah, somebody put out the concept of a hundred-day plan,” he told the Associated Press in mid-April—he has completed few of the items on that list. But what about a broader look at the major promises of the 2016 campaign?
It’s on immigration that Trump has made the most progress. He has not instituted all of the sweeping reforms he wanted yet, and the repeated court defeats for his Muslim immigration ban remain a glaring weakness, but he has managed to move toward a reset with a raft of executive orders. The coming trick will be to see if he can get the funding to build the wall and quickly expand the ranks of the Border Patrol and ICE.
In other areas, progress is slower. Trump has made little headway on economic matters, an area where presidents chronically overpromise and then discover the limits of their control. He withdrew the U.S. from the Trans-Pacific Partnership but not has begun renegotiation of NAFTA. Job growth is a mixed bag. Trump has advanced very few of his foreign-policy goals.
By our tally, Trump has fully completed one full promise. A handful of them have seen little or no action at all. Larger portions are either in progress or too early to judge. Two are frozen in court. The largest single chunk is those whose completion looks highly dubious but cannot be finally judged yet.
Only two promises can be fairly judged as broken. One is Trump’s promise to end the Common Core in education, a move that was always outside the powers of the federal government. The second is his promise to release his own tax returns, which he said he could not do because they were under audit. (Trump never produced proof of the audit, and the IRS and tax experts say there’s nothing that bars a person from releasing returns that are under audit.) But Trump has not released his returns from the 2016 tax year, which couldn’t yet be under audit, and his aides have made clear he will not release those or any others.
“The president has no intention,” Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on April 26. “The president has released plenty of information, and I think has given more financial disclosure than anybody else. I think the American population has plenty of information.” (It is not true that Trump has disclosed more than anybody else.)
All politicians make campaign promises, though few made them with the abandon, spontaneity, and flamboyance of Donald Trump. During the campaign, he would casually guarantee vast and circumstantial shifts in policy, often saying he’d do them on day one. (The Washington Post tallied up an eyepopping 282 promises the Republican nominee made.) These ranged from the monumental—the famous wall Trump vowed to build on the U.S. border with Mexico, with Mexican funds—to the vague (what does it mean to drain the swamp, exactly?) to the highly concrete, like his outlined expansion of the U.S. military.
In this jaded age, it’s customary to assume that campaign promises are just that and won’t be remembered. But studies have found that most politicians do in fact keep most of the promises they make to voters while running for office. Will Trump follow through on his array of guarantees? Or will a president who developed a vast record of dishonesty in private life and as a politician fall short of his promises as president?
We’ve assembled a list of some of the Trump’s most notable and circumstantial promises here. The list is not comprehensive, but it touches on most of his biggest priorities. (Think we missed one? Get in touch to recommend an addition.) As President Trump advances in his term, we’ll track his progress (or lack thereof) toward the goals he’s laid out, updating this article regularly.
Promise: No idea was so central to Trump’s run for president as his promise that he would build a wall stretching across the U.S. border with Mexico, in order to prevent illegal immigration.
Outlook: Setting aside whether or not the wall is an effective solution to illegal immigration, some analysts have long suggested that the idea to build a wall was either prohibitively expensive or topographically impossible, due to the various landscapes on the border. The government might also have to employ eminent domain to acquire the land on which to build the wall, which could produce protracted legal fights and be politically unpalatable, especially for Republicans. But there are those who believe a wall could be built. That’s assuming Trump wants to build it, of course. Several top Trump supporters have suggested the wall might be “digital,” “a metaphor,” “virtual,” or “technological.”
Status: In progress. On January 25, 2017, Trump issued an executive order about the wall, though it didn’t really add much beyond reaffirming his intention to build one. It left the door open to a more fence-like barrier, but left it to the Department of Homeland Security to recommend. On March 13, 2017, the Trump administration issued its “skinny budget” proposal, which asks for “$2.6 billion in high-priority tactical infrastructure and border security technology, including funding to plan, design, and construct a physical wall along the southern border.” Four days later, the federal government issued a request for proposals to construct a “physically imposing” wall of reinforced concrete, ideally 30 feet tall but no less than 18 feet. It would prevent tunneling or digging under for at least six feet, be angled at 45 degrees, and withstand one hour of attempts at damaging. The U.S. side must also “be aesthetically pleasing in color.”
Promise: Of course, one reason it was easy for Trump to guarantee such a sprawling project was that he also insisted Mexico would pay for the work.
Outlook: Mexico’s president, as well as other current and former officials, insist that the country will not pay. Trump laid out a series of steps he believes will force it to ante up. Uri Friedman walks through how effective they might be and what repercussions they could have.
Status: Dubious. Trump’s plan was always more complicated: He planned to build the wall, then force Mexico to pay ex post facto. Mexico continues to insist it will not; in an April interview, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said he had not discussed the matter with his counterpart. Speaker Paul Ryan says the House will fund the wall, but it might add to the deficit. Asked whether Mexico would pay for the wall, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said in March, “Uh, no.”
Promise: Trump says he will triple the staffing at Immigrations and Customs Enforcement and add 5,000 agents to the ranks of the Border Patrol. He made the pledges in his August speech about immigration policy in Arizona.
Outlook: The main question here is money—Aaron Blake estimates more than $15 billion.
Status: In progress. Trump issued an executive order on January 25, 2017, ordering the the new Border Patrol hires. Secretary of Homeland Security ordered the 10,000 ICE hires in a February 20 memo. Hiring is expected to be slow and expensive, however, and the Department of Homeland Security might eliminate polygraphs from the testing process, though it says standards will not be dropped.
Promise: Currently, some immigrants who are caught entering the United States without authorization are given summons to appear in court. Trump has said he will halt the practice.
Outlook: Here again, it’s a matter of money: Incarcerating people takes money and facilities.
Status: In progress. Attorney General Jeff Sessions reiterated during an April 11 speech that “The lawlessness, the abdication of the duty to enforce our immigration laws, and the catch-and-release practices of old are over.” A Syracuse study found a sharp increase in the number of immigrants who are being detained over the Obama era, though that’s still only about six in 10. Internal memos show DHS is identifying locations to hold more unauthorized immigrants.
Promise: Trump’s specific ideas about deportations fluctuated at points during the campaign. At the bare minimum, he said he would deport 2 million undocumented immigrants who are criminals who are in the country now. (Experts say that figure is exaggerated.) He has at other times said he would mount a mass-deportation effort to expel all unauthorized immigrants.
Outlook: Deporting large numbers of people requires funding and serious political will, since it could be a intrusive process. Trump will also struggle to deport 2 million criminal aliens if there aren’t that many. Speaker Paul Ryan told 60 Minutes, “We're not working on a deportation force.”
Status: In progress. It’s a mixed bag. Anecdotally, border agents report greater freedom to deport, and internal DHS memos show the department is seeking to hire more agents for deportation. But while immigration arrests are up since the Trump administration entered office, the actual number of deportations ticked down slightly, by 1.2 percent, in January, February, and March as compared to one year before.
Promise: Trump says he will reverse Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, the Obama program that allows people who came to the U.S. without authorization as children to apply to stay in the country.
Outlook: It appears that Trump could fairly easily reverse DACA, which Obama created through an executive order, with an executive order of his own.
Status: Dubious. Trump seems to be taking no steps to actually cancel DACA, but his administration is also showing its disdain for it. In April, the first “Dreamer” with protected status was deported to Mexico. (Others whose protection had been revoked have been deported under both Obama and Trump.) Attorney General Jeff Sessions asserts that Dreamers can be deported. But Trump shows little appetite for cancelation, telling the AP, “The dreamers should rest easy. OK? I'll give you that. The dreamers should rest easy.”
Promise: Trump railed against “sanctuary cities,” municipalities that have installed policies of not alerting federal authorities about unauthorized immigrants. (They still prosecute them for other crimes.) He has said he will block federal funding for such cities.
Outlook: It’s unclear how broad Trump’s authority to block funding for cities would be, even in concert with Congress.
Status: Frozen. On January 25, Trump issued an executive order promising to withdraw federal funding for sanctuary jurisdictions. In April, the Justice Department began moving to enforce that. But on April 25, a federal district judge in California issued a temporary restraining order, saying that the executive was unconstitutional, and that the government’s interpretation of its own executive order made little sense.
Promise: Early in the campaign, Trump said he would ban all Muslim immigration to the United States, and that statement remains on his website. At other times, he has said he would only ban Muslim immigration from countries with a history of terrorism, or that he would institute “extreme vetting” for refugees in order to prevent the entry of would-be terrorists.
Outlook: A Muslim ban would likely run into constitutional difficulties, though some scholars believe it could be structured to withstand scrutiny. Trump has not made a cogent explanation for how his “extreme vetting” would differ from the existing vetting process.
Status: Frozen. Trump’s first attempt at a ban was promptly struck down by judges on several federal courts, who said that it was an unconstitutional rule based on religion—partly pointing to Trump’s statements about it in other fora as a counter to what government lawyers said. Trump initially vowed to appeal, but then switched course and issued a second ban. In mid-March, the second ban was also blocked by federal judges, who said in part that even though the ban was re-written, Trump and aides had said elsewhere that it was still a Muslim ban. The administration says it intends to appeal to higher courts.
Back to table of contents
Promise: Trump says he will demand a better deal from NAFTA, the free-trade agreement with Canada and Mexico that entered force in 1994. He says that if the other signatories will not agree to that he will withdraw the United States from the agreement.
Outlook: Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto says Mexico is willing to discuss “modernizing” NAFTA, and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau signaled openness to renegotiation. But Trump might or might not be able to make changes to NAFTA or renegotiate it without congressional approval. Some experts say that withdrawal could spark a trade war that could damage the American economy.
Status: Inactive. Trump continues to launch broadsides against NAFTA in his public comments. But to begin the process, he would have to give Congress 90 days’ notice. After repeatedly saying that was forthcoming, Trump spoke with the leaders of Canada and Mexico on April 26 and then announced he would not withdraw imminently.
Promise: Throughout the campaign, Trump repeatedly threatened to slap a 35 percent tariff on goods produced outside of the U.S. by companies that have offshored jobs from the United States. He reprised that vow as recently as December 4. He also called for a 45 percent tariff on all Chinese imports.
Outlook: Congress, rather than the president, generally has the power to enact tariffs. Republican leaders in Congress, who are closer to the traditional GOP dogma in favor of free trade, tend to take a dim view of Trump’s tariffs. Adding new tariffs could produce a trade war and higher costs to U.S. citizens.
Status: Inactive. Trump has made no effort to impose tariffs, and there is no sign of a promised “End the Offshoring Act” in Congress.
Promise: Trump says he will create 25 million jobs, and in particular “bring back” manufacturing jobs. He also set a target of 4 percent annual economic growth.
Outlook: It’s an ambitious target, some 2.5 more jobs than Obama created—working from the depth of a recession—and more even than Bill Clinton, the recent record holder. Many economists believe simply bringing manufacturing jobs back from overseas will be impossible because of structural changes in the economy. They are also skeptical of the growth promise.
Status: Incomplete. Trump scored a major PR victory even before his inauguration by convincing Carrier to preserve some jobs in Indiana—though the economic benefits are much less clear. The first two jobs reports of 2017 were strong, but the March report missed expectations by a wide margin.
Promise: Trump says he will withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the multilateral deal with 11 countries.
Outlook: Since Congress has not ratified the treaty, and has shown little appetite to do so, Trump should be able to achieve this fairly easily on his own.
Status: Complete. Trump formally announced U.S. withdrawal on his fourth day in office.
Promise: Trump said he would restore jobs in coal mining in Appalachia that were lost under President Obama’s presidency, blaming the losses on environmental regulation.
Outlook: Experts met Trump’s claims with overwhelming skepticism. A major factor behind the decline in coal is simple market forces: As natural gas becomes easier to extract, it has become cheaper, cutting into coal’s advantage. Coal reserves in Appalachia are also lower than ever. He might have better luck rolling back Obama’s Clean Power Plan, which he could refuse to defend in court or attempt to reverse via executive order.
Status: In progress. Trump has issued an executive order instructing the EPA to unwind the Clean Power Plan. It’s too soon to gauge the effect on jobs. Coal payrolls have increased slightly since Trump took office to March, but the increase is only a few hundreds jobs, and total numbers are still well behind the figure one year ago.
Promise: In March, Trump told The Washington Post that he would eliminate the national debt, which currently stands at nearly $20 trillion, in eight years.
Outlook: Trump has not offered any viable plan for paying off the debt. An analysis of Trump’s proposals overall as of mid-September found that he would sharply increase both budget deficits and the national debt.
Status: Dubious. Trump has not made debt reduction a priority, and the tax plan he unveiled on April 26 would add to the budget deficit.
Back to table of contents
Promise: Trump was highly critical of the U.S. deal with Iran to stop nuclear proliferation, saying, in September 2015, “I will renegotiate with Iran.” In March 2016, he told AIPAC, “My number-one priority is to dismantle the disastrous deal with Iran.” He has not indicated how he would change the deal, but he also vowed to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons.
Outlook: Without any sense of what Trump wants, it’s hard to know whether he can achieve it. Iranian leaders have reacted fiercely against the idea of renegotiation. This area could be a test for Trump’s hypothesis that he can get better deals simply through force of negotiating skill.
Status: Dubious. In an April 18 letter to Congress, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, even while attacking Iran as a sponsor of terror, certified Iranian compliance with the deal. (Trump reportedly intervened to insert tougher language in that letter.) The following day, Tillerson announced a “review” of the deal.
Promise: Trump says that his solution to ISIS will be to “bomb the hell out of them” (or slight variations thereon) and to claim petroleum reserves for the United States.
Outlook: The U.S. is already bombing ISIS, so it’s a question of degree. Who is to say when the shit is bombed out of them? As for the oil question, it’s thornier. It would require the U.S. to expropriate oil from Iraq and possibly Syria, which would likely elicit protests.
Status: Dubious. The pace of bombing in Syria has increased, though one byproduct has been serious civilian casualties. Generals in Afghanistan also dropped the largest American conventional bomb on a reported ISIS complex there. There has been no meaningful movement on expropriation.
Promise: Trump has promised at various points to reinstitute torture. “Don’t tell me it doesn’t work—torture works,” he said in February. He also promised to “bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding,” of which he said, “I like it a lot. I don’t think it’s tough enough.”
Outlook: As The New York Times reports, Trump would face some difficulties in reinstituting even the levels of torture that occurred during the Bush administration, to say nothing of more brutal tactics. Then again, before “enhanced interrogation” few expected the U.S. to torture.
Status: Inactive. On January 26, Trump reiterated his commitment: “Does it work? Does torture work? And the answer was yes. Absolutely.” He also issued an executive order that could lead to reinstituting torture. But there’s been no movement since, and top aides like Defense Secretary James Mattis oppose it.
Promise: Trump complains that America is overextended globally and is contributing more to alliances than it receives. Noting low spending by some NATO members, he has said he will not fulfill mutual-defense obligations unless they increase their military spending to reach NATO’s mandatory minimums.
Outlook: NATO allies have reacted nervously to the prospect of the alliance falling apart. NATO leaders have insisted the defense pact is unconditional.
Status: Incomplete. Trump and his aides continues to insist to leaders of NATO countries that they must pay more for defense. (In interviews, the president seems to suggest, incorrectly, that these members pay into NATO directly.) Average defense spending among NATO countries did slightly increase in 2016, and while it remains below the mandatory level in most cases, Trump has used this to declare partial victory.
Promise: Trump said the agreement that the Obama administration worked out with the Cuban regime to reestablish diplomatic relations is too weak. He has promised to negotiate a better deal or else reverse the opening.
Outlook: Many Republicans in Congress were opposed to Obama’s Cuba opening and would prefer a harder line as long as the Communist government is in place. Generally, American public opinion favors an opening.
Status: Inactive. On February 3, in response to a question from a local news reporter, Press Secretary Sean Spicer said that the White House was “in the midst of a full review of all U.S. policies towards Cuba.” There has otherwise been no apparent movement.
Promise: Trump has said he will expand the armed forces on every front. He wants to reverse the sequester for the Pentagon; expand the Army from about 480,000 to 540,000; grow the Marines from 182,000 to 200,000; raise the Naval fleet from a planned 308 (much larger than today’s 272) to 350; and add about 100 fighter planes.
Outlook: Regardless of whether this force is wise or necessary, the major requirement to achieving it is money. Experts expect it would cost an additional $100 billion or so over existing budgets.
Status: Dubious. Trump’s “skinny budget,” released on March 13, 2017, includes a $54 billion increase in defense spending in 2018. Even assuming Congress enacted that budget unchanged, that increase wouldn’t come close to paying for the scale of expansion Trump has proposed, a reality that CNN says Defense Secretary James Mattis has acknowledged in conversations on Capitol Hill.
Promise: After Kim Jong Un said in a New Year’s address that North Korea was close to testing an intercontinental ballistic missile, Trump replied via tweet, “North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!”
Outlook: Discerning North Korea’s true capabilities from its bluster is a constant challenge, but the experience of the George W. Bush and Barack Obama administrations has been that when the hermit kingdom’s technical capacities are real, the United States has little leverage over it.
Status: Dubious. North Korea has been one of the hottest issues of the first 100 days of Trump’s presidency, thanks in part to several provocative weapons test by Pyongyang. Both the U.S. and North Korea have escalated their rhetoric, and the U.S. announced it was sending an aircraft carrier group to the region (which turned out to be an exaggerated threat). But actual U.S. policy remains opaque. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on March 17 that “the policy of strategic patience has ended.” On April 5, he confused the world by saying, after another North Korean missile test, “The United States has spoken enough about North Korea.” On April 19 in Japan, Vice President Pence said, “The sword stands ready.” On April 26, however, Tillerson, Defense Secretary James Mattis, and Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats issued a statement saying the U.S. remains open to negotiation with North Korea. Trump seems to be learning, as each of his recent predecessors had, that there’s no good option.
Promise: Trump said he would “cancel” the international climate agreement struck in Paris last year.
Outlook: It would be outside his power to “cancel” the whole agreement, but Trump could attempt to extricate the United States from the accord, which could in turn encourage others to exit. In theory, the U.S. cannot exit the deal before 2020, but the U.S. could withdraw from the framework behind the treaty with one year’s notice, effectively withdrawing from the treaty itself.
Status: Incomplete. The White House says Trump will decide ahead of a late-May Group of 7 meeting. Trump officials are meeting April 27 to discuss the fate of the deal, but they remain deeply divided. EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt wants to pull out; others, like Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Jared Kushner, and Ivanka Trump, are more friendly to the deal. One emerging compromise would keep the U.S. in the deal while lowering national targets for reducing emissions.
Back to table of contents
Promise: Trump says he wants to fully repeal the Affordable Care Act, including the individual mandate to hold insurance, and replace it with something that is “so much better, so much better, so much better.” He has offered few details on how to do that, though he has suggested health-savings accounts and interstate markets for insurance as ideas. He also says he wants to ensure that anyone who wants insurance coverage can get it and afford it.
Outlook: Repeal should be relatively easy, at least on a nuts-and-bolts level. Republicans in Congress are eager to do so, and much of it can be accomplished through the process of reconciliation, which removes procedural hurdles. But replacement will be more difficult, since it’s likely to be politically divisive. Removing benefits may also be politically perilous.
Status: Dubious. A first attempt at repeal ended in collapse in late March, with Republican leaders forced to pull a bill when it became clear it could not pass. The process faces hurdles: newfound popularity for Obamacare, Trump’s insistence on a replacement that maintains coverage, and deep divisions in the GOP. Nonetheless, as of April 27, the White House continues to push for a new vote on a bill that might pass the House but appears dead on arrival in the Senate.
Promise: Trump said repeatedly that he would preserve Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. “I’m not going to cut Social Security like every other Republican and I’m not going to cut Medicare or Medicaid,” he told The Daily Signal in May 2015. “Every other Republican is going to cut, and even if they wouldn’t, they don’t know what to do because they don’t know where the money is. I do.” In March 2016, he said, “They want to cut Social Security, which I'm not cutting...I'm the only one that's not cutting it.” However, he has also called for converting Medicaid into block grants to states, which can then handle the money as they see fit. He has seldom spoken about Medicare.
Outlook: This is an area where there could be serious tension between Trump and Republicans in Congress. They should find common ground on block-granting Medicaid, but many of them also want to cut Medicaid funding, convert Medicare into a voucher system, and privatize Social Security. That could conflict with Trump supporters who were adamant that he would help them keep entitlements.
Status: Incomplete. So far, the programs have remained untouched. The failed Obamacare repeal in March would have cut Medicaid, but since it could not move forward, the program remained intact.
Promise: Trump has offered a tax plan that would lower marginal tax rates, reduce the number of tax brackets, and produce overall lower taxes. He wants to repeal the estate tax, and would lower the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 15 percent. Families would be able to deduct the average cost of childcare from their taxes. Trump would seek to close the carried-interest loophole, which allows hedge-fund managers and private-equity types, among others, to avoid paying income tax on large portions of their earnings.
Outlook: This appears to be an area where Trump and congressional Republicans have common ground, although there may be some specific differences in their optimal scenarios. Trump’s plan will be costly, though: The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, in an October analysis, found that the Trump plan would reduce federal revenues by $6.2 trillion over a decade, and that the federal debt would increase by $7 trillion in that time.
Status: In progress. On April 26, Trump released a vague outline for tax reform, which would cut down tax brackets for personal income and slash corporate rates. The plan would produce big cuts for the wealthiest Americans and increase deficits substantially. The proposal’s political prospects are not yet clear.
Promise: Trump has promised a $1 trillion infrastructure plan. Saying that the nation’s roads, bridges, electric lines, and other structures are crumbling, he wants to spend on rebuilding them, which he says would double as a jobs plan.
Outlook: In recent history, Democrats have been strongly in favor of infrastructure projects, while Republicans have opposed them. Republicans have expressed skepticism about Trump’s plan since the election, particularly on how to pay for it. Incoming Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer has suggested his caucus might be willing to work with Trump on infrastructure, but other Democrats have denounced the plan as really just a tax break for corporations.
Status: Incomplete. The infrastructure plan is waiting in a queue behind Obamacare repeal, which appears dead but won’t quite go away, and tax reform, which is likely to be acrimonious and lengthy. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao said April 22 that she expected a $1 trillion package to come up in summer 2017.
Promise: Trump says he will roll back the Dodd-Frank financial-reform law, including eliminating the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau.
Outlook: Republicans in Congress also dislike Dodd-Frank, meaning Trump should have some leeway to dismantle the regulations.
Status: In progress. Trump and his allies are slowly chipping away at the law. The president has signed executive orders to eliminate the fiduciary rule, which says brokers must act in a client’s best interest, and to reverse federal authority to unwind banks on the verge of failure. The White House has also said it believes the structure of the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau is unconstitutional. A House bill to reverse other parts of Dodd-Frank could move forward as soon as the first week of May.
Promise: Late in the campaign, Trump laid out a program of anti-corruption steps that he labeled (somewhat grudgingly) “draining the swamp.” He said he would impose a five-year ban on executive-branch officials lobbying the government after leaving the government, and ask that Congress do the same; prevent a common practice in which former government officials do lobbying work but structure it so as to avoid registering as lobbyists; banning senior White House officials for life from lobbying for foreign governments; and asking Congress to prevent registered foreign lobbyists from raising money for U.S. elections. He also offered some vague rumblings about transparency. Trump promised a constitutional amendment to create congressional term limits.
Outlook: It all depends how you define it. Trump’s specific steps are fairly narrow. The steps focused on the executive branch should be reasonably straightforward. Whether Congress will oblige on the others is unclear, but it has shown little appetite for either a strong lobbying ban or term limits. In many other ways, it’s hard to take Trump’s slogan all that seriously. He continues to refuse to release basic disclosures, including his tax returns and has made little serious gesture toward resolving serious conflicts of interest. After assailing Clinton for speaking to Goldman Sachs, he has appointed several alumni of the bank to top posts. His children have repeatedly had to back off access-selling charity auctions. Two former aides have opened a lobbying shop that appears to mostly offer proximity to Trump. Moreover, despite the promise to bar officials from heading into lobbying, but his transition team was chock full of former lobbyists.
Outcome: Dubious. Trump instituted several new rules to limit lobbying by former officials, but he also loosened some Obama era rules. The administration has granted waivers to some officials from its own rules, though it won’t say how many or who. Many top officials are deeply enmeshed in businesses they are now meant to regulate. Tom Price, the secretary of health and human services is under scrutiny for questionable stock trading. The White House is also beset with unresolved conflicts of interest and ethics problems.
Promise: Trump has promised to end Common Core, a set of educational standards that have become a major conservative bogeyman.
Outlook: Bad. Despite the way it’s often portrayed, Common Core is not a federal program or law but rather a set of standards adopted by 42 state governments. The Obama administration did make some federal funding contingent on adopting the standards, which Trump could reverse, but the president doesn’t have the power to abolish the Common Core itself.
Status: Doomed.
Promise: Trump made various vows related to guns during his campaign. “I will get rid of gun-free zones on schools, and—you have to—and on military bases,” he said in January. “My first day, it gets signed, okay? My first day. There's no more gun-free zones.” He also pledged to “unsign” President Obama’s executive orders related to firearms. He wants to allow concealed-carry permit holders to carry their guns in all 50 states. He also praised a Virginia project that introduced five-year minimum sentences for gun crimes, though mention has since disappeared from his site.
Outlook: Trump is almost certain to break his first promise, since gun-free zones are a product of legislation that would have to be repealed by Congress, which would probably take more than a day. Concealed-carry reciprocity bills have moved in Congress before, but would never have become law under Obama. Trump could likely reverse many executive orders with his own.
Status: In progress. Trump signed a law that reversed Obama limitations on some people getting guns, but has otherwise made little progress.
Promise: Trump said he would improve the VA health system, but suggested that if wait times are long, veterans should be able to get private care, paid for by the government.
Outlook: Reforming the VA has proven a challenging task for presidents. The biggest challenge for a private-care alternative would likely be cost, but congressional Republicans have tended to look fondly on privatization of government functions.
Status: Inactive. Trump has not spoken about privatization, and his Veterans Affairs secretary, David Shulkin, told Congress during his confirmation hearings that he opposes it.
Promise: Trump spent much of the campaign criticizing police-reform advocates. In August, he said at a rally, “We're not going to shoot our police. We're not shooting our police. It's never been so dangerous to be a policeman or woman. It's never been so dangerous.”
Outlook: Trump is wrong on the facts—the number of officers killed in the line of duty ticked up slightly in 2016, but is still well below the recent average. It’s unclear how Trump would even go about preventing all killing of police officers.
Status: Dubious. Statistics on deaths of police officers are not yet available. Trump’s Justice Department has worked to roll back federal oversight of troubled police departments and says that’s important for police morale, though it’s unclear whether that would have any effect on police deaths.
Back to table of contents
Promise: During a presidential debate in October, Trump promised that if elected he would appoint a special prosecutor to investigate his opponent, Hillary Clinton. “I didn’t think I’d say this and I’m going to say it and I hate to say it .… If I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation because there has never been so many lies, so much deception,” he said. He also led “Lock her up” chants at campaign events.
Outlook: Trump has since backed off his promise, saying, “I don’t want to hurt the Clintons, and admitting it no longer “plays well.”
Status: Inactive. Trump no longer expresses any interest in prosecuting Clinton.
Promise: Speaking to 60 Minutes shortly after the election, Trump said he would not take the $400,000 presidential salary. However, he is required by law to accept some pay, so he’ll take $1 per year.
Outlook: This should be no problem. Previous independently wealthy presidents John F. Kennedy and Herbert Hoover have also foregone salaries.
Status: In progress. Trump donated his salary from the first quarter of 2017 to the National Park Service.
Promise: Trump says he is under audit by the IRS (a claim that is not independently verifiable) but that he will release his tax returns as soon as that is complete.
Outlook: Trump is the only major-party presidential candidate, to say nothing of elected president, in decades not to release his returns. At his sole press conference as president-elect, Trump said he was still under audit but also said he doesn’t think the American people care. (Polls show otherwise.) Top aide Kellyanne Conway said on January 22 that he would not release them, but on January 23 reversed that, saying the returns would emerge post-audit.
Status: Broken. Trump has still not released his tax returns, nor has he released his 2016 returns, which couldn’t possibly be under audit yet—even though there’s no reason he can’t release returns that are under audit. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on April 26 that Trump “has no intention” to release them. “The president has released plenty of information, and I think has given more financial disclosure than anybody else,” he said, a claim that is false.
Back to table of contents



ARTICLE
Updated on April 28 at 12:05 p.m. ET
President Trump isn’t getting a health-care vote to mark his 100th day in office, but he won’t be saddled with a government shutdown, either.
The House and Senate voted in quick succession on Friday morning to extend federal funding for another week past a midnight deadline as negotiators try to reach an agreement on a large spending bill for the remainder of the fiscal year.
Democrats had briefly threatened to hold up the stopgap measure if Republicans tried to jam through their stalled American Health Care Act. But GOP leaders still can’t find enough support among their members for the proposal, and their decision on Thursday night to again put off a vote defused—for now—the shutdown threat.
Negotiators have mostly agreed on the spending levels for the larger omnibus appropriations bill, but Senator Charles Schumer, the Democratic minority leader, said Friday they were still haggling over a few extraneous policy provisions that Republicans were insisting on including in the bill. “We still have a little bit of a ways to go, and we still have some poison-pill riders that they haven’t dropped yet,” he said. Democrats determined that enough progress had been made to okay the week-long extension.
A pair of reversals by Trump helped move the talks forward earlier in the week. First, the president backed off his demand that the spending bill include money to begin development of a southern border wall, which Democrats refused to support. Then the White House told Democratic leaders that contrary to an earlier Trump threat, the administration would continue making subsidy payments to health insurers as part of the Affordable Care Act, which are considered crucial to maintaining the stability of the individual market.
After passage of the stopgap bill on Friday, Congress now has until May 5 to strike a broader deal.



ARTICLE
As he approaches his hundredth day in office, Donald Trump appears to be suffering—once again—from an acute case of presidential status anxiety.
In public, of course, he has labored to play it cool, strenuously insisting (and insisting, and insisting) that he does not care about the “first hundred days” metric that historians and pundits have used to evaluate the success of new administrations since FDR. Trump has called this milestone “ridiculous” and “artificial”—a meaningless media fixation. And yet, the less-than-laudatory press reviews seem to have left him seething. For evidence, look no further than the president’s pathos-drenched Twitter feed, where he recently took to vent, “No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, & it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!”
This explains why we are now witnessing the White House in mad-scramble mode—frantically reaching for last-minute “accomplishments” to placate the president, and pad his record. The closer Trump gets to the hundred-day marker, it seems, the more erratically he flings major legislative initiatives at the wall in hopes that something will stick.
Last week, Trump abruptly pledged to unveil a “massive” tax-cut plan in the coming days—an announcement that reportedly surprised even his own staff. To meet their boss’s deadline, they rushed out a single-page document—bullet-pointed, double-spaced, 229 words long—that resembled a homework assignment hastily completed in the stall during a bathroom break. Skeptics scoffed, Democrats balked, and even White House officials have struggled to articulate their “plan.”
Meanwhile, with a government shutdown fast approaching, Trump threatened to blow up budget negotiations with an outlandish—and politically unviable—demand that the funding bill include money for a border wall. (He eventually had to back down.) And with just 48 hours left in his first hundred days, Trump embarked on a quixotic last-ditch bid to jam an Obamacare replacement bill through the House before the weekend—whip counts be damned. (Speaker Paul Ryan refused to bring it to a vote Thursday night.)
This flurry of ill-considered activity might seem needlessly volatile and self-defeating—but it’s part of a larger pattern of behavior. This is, after all, not the first time a major milestone in Trump’s career has sent him spiraling into resentment and recklessness.
As I’ve written before, Trump’s angriest outbursts often accompany his greatest moments of recognition or triumph. He won the Republican nomination, and spent the next week feuding with Gold Star parents and complaining that Hillary Clinton didn’t adequately congratulate him. He won the election, and spent the transition fighting with celebrities and championing a voter-fraud conspiracy theory. He was sworn in as the 45th  president of the United States, and spent the weekend fuming over the size of his inauguration crowd.
Trump is a Queens-born billionaire who has spent his life chasing validation from elites who hold him in disdain. With each new benchmark he reaches, he holds out hope that it will finally quiet his chorus of haters. And when he realizes they’re still laughing at him, he acts out. Consider, now, what Trump is likely seeing these days when he turns on his TV: presidential historians discussing the unparalleled failures of his first hundred days; polls showing an historically low approval rating; pundits depicting a presidency gripped by impotence. Given his recent history, an eruption was inevitable.
Earlier this week, the White House made a foray into the presidential legacy-measuring contest with a press release titled, “President Trump’s 100 Days of Historic Accomplishments.” Trump, we learned, had accomplished more than any president since FDR, passed more legislation than anyone since Truman, and done more to “stop the government from interfering in the lives of Americans” than any other president in history. As my colleague Elaine Godfrey noted, some of the figures supporting these claims were (perhaps unsurprisingly) wrong, and the press release was widely mocked on the internet for its predictable bombast. But maybe for Trump, the comparisons are about more than chest-thumping and ego-pumping.
With a hundred days behind him, Trump seems increasingly like a man disillusioned with his job, and disoriented by his place in history. “I loved my previous life. I had so many thing going,” Trump told Reuters this week. “This is more work than in my previous life. I thought it would be easier.”



ARTICLE
Terrebonne Parish is probably what people envision when they think about rural Louisiana. It’s chock-full of the swamps, fan boats, gators, and cypress trees that translate to postcards and movie backdrops. People speak Cajun French in public, and shrimpers and fishermen still make their living across the bayous.
But peek through the curtains of Spanish moss, and you might get a look at some of the less idyllic throwbacks to history. While higher-profile cases in Texas, North Carolina, and Wisconsin dominate the news and the nation’s highest courts, the people of Terrebonne Parish are engaged in a similar struggle for voting rights, one that here stretches all the way back to the Voting Rights Act, and could have major implications as the entire country reckons with the meaning of that legislation today.
Through a modern lens, the 1965 passage of the VRA is often erroneously seen as a singular, decisive victory in the struggle for black suffrage. Reports from the time paint a different picture: of a long guerrilla war aimed at limiting the act’s enforcement and effectiveness that never quite ended. Some of the most brazen and sinister attempts by white voters to suppress black ballots came in small rural communities—just like those in Terrebonne Parish. While today courts chiefly focus on the gerrymandering and voter ID laws that are the most effective statewide attempts at minimizing minority votes, those localized movements relied more on methods that diluted the voting power of individual black neighborhoods and their residents’ ability to govern themselves.
Chief among these was the move to at-large voting, in which all of the members of a municipality or county vote for all of a governing body or judiciary. Under this system, a majority-white electorate would water down the impact of then-newly gained black votes. This contrasts with district-based voting, whereby highly segregated communities of black voters—packed into districts carved out of the larger area—at least had a chance to elect some officials that they actually wanted to represent them.
In places with black minorities, at-large voting is an especially effective way to circumvent the VRA’s requirements that electoral districts maintain some sort of geographic and demographic coherence. That’s because the very nature of Jim Crow tended to pack black communities into dense natural districts; they became the basis for post-VRA voting districts, which have since provided most of the country’s elected black officials in places that use district-based voting. At-large voting neatly sidestepped that consequence. For places where black people were a majority, white county and state officials sometimes even tried to merge majority-black counties with majority-white counties to dilute black majorities, then installed at-large systems.
A 1968 report from the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights details the rise of at-large voting in the South. “Where Negroes are heavily concentrated in particular election districts, their votes can be diluted effectively by converting to at-large elections, in which their votes are outweighed by white votes in adjoining districts,” the commissioners wrote. In the interim between the VRA’s passage and the 1969 Supreme Court ruling in Allen v. State Bd. of Elections—which found the legislation’s famous “preclearance” requirement for Southern election laws held for even minor and local election measures—Southern white conservatives assaulted black voting power with a wave of shifts to at-large voting at multiple levels. The report mentions Mississippi and Alabama as the worst perpetrators, but that same year Louisiana passed a law allowing individual parishes to choose to use at-large voting, which had previously been banned. Also that year, Louisiana created the 32nd judicial district in the state to cover Terrebonne, and the parish chose to employ at-large elections.
“This method of election was put in place three years after the Voting Rights Act was meant to bring black people and people of color into the electorate,” said Leah Aden, a senior counsel with the NAACP Legal Defense Fund, which is currently representing the local NAACP chapter in a challenge to the parish’s at-large system in federal court. Although at-large voting largely withered in the South—under past scrutiny from the Department of Justice and the once-increasing strength of the VRA after numerous court interpretations and reauthorizations—it managed to slip through the cracks of time in Terrebonne Parish. Despite maintaining a 20 percent—and rising—share of black voters, the area has never elected a black judge in a contested race. Against DOJ warnings, as well as a 1996 report from the Louisiana Task Force on Racial and Ethnic Fairness in the Courts recommending a cessation of at-large voting statewide to ensure racial fairness, Terrebonne Parish persisted.
In the half-century since the parish moved to an at-large system, only one black judge, Juan Pickett, has ever been elected to the 32nd District Court. That he ran unopposed has been taken by state officials as proof of a black candidate’s ability to win elections. Yet, the previous judge in that seat, Timothy Ellender, stepped down after years of incidents: He wore blackface and prison shackles to a Halloween party—the state Supreme Court sent him afterward to racial-sensitivity training—and engaged in behavior so bizarre as to constitute a sustained legal miscarriage of justice. Pickett’s success, then, really seems to highlight the almost absurd sequence of events that had to take place for just one black victory.
To be sure, Louisiana state officials characterize the NAACP lawsuit, which LDF lawyers are arguing in court this week, as a weak case at best. They cite that the black minority is neither large nor compact enough to constitute an aggrieved voting block as described in VRA requirements. But the NAACP and LDF argue that their objections are undermined by the timing of the at-large shift, as well as the fact that other parish-wide voter schemes passed at the same time—like a 1969 bond vote restricted to property owners—have been considered unconstitutional by the nation’s highest courts. According to testimony in the Terrebonne Parish Branch NAACP, et al. v. Edwards, et al. trial this week from historian Allan J. Lichtman, black Terrebonne Parish residents also successfully sued to stop at-large school-district elections in the 1970s. He said the DOJ has since found that coherent black districts can be made in the parish, despite the state rejecting attempts to do so. If that’s validated by the court on Friday, it could trigger an at-large voting ban.
The implications for this case go beyond the judicial ramifications of having a representative elected court. The fact of the matter is that in the South, white voters simply don’t vote for candidates favored by black voters, and in places with a majority of white voters, like Terrebonne Parish, perhaps the easiest way to lose an election is to be endorsed by black voters. This sort of “racially polarized voting” is one of the core triggers and purposes of the VRA, and it’s getting worse 52 years out from its passage, not better. While it seems a minor brushfire over a district court, the decision in the NAACP lawsuit is yet another test of the ability of the courts to enforce the spirit of the VRA.
That test matters, especially as at-large voting has been tried in other areas after 2013’s Shelby County v. Holder Supreme Court ruling rendered preclearance essentially moot. Just after the decision, conservatives in Beaumont, Texas, finalized implementation of an at-large voting system for its school board after the ouster of four black members. Also in 2013, the city of Pasadena, Texas, redistricted its eight city-council districts into six districts and two at-large seats, a move that not only diluted the voting power of Latino voters by enlarging districts, but also did so by the addition of at-large seats. That move was found discriminatory by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas earlier this year.
“There’s always a fear post-Shelby that if you don’t have [preclearance] in place, majority-white voters and elected officials will revert to at-large voting,” Aden told me. There hasn’t been a sea change yet, but concerned parties view this lawsuit and others as test cases, both for how racially polarized voting influences court decisions after the Shelby County ruling seemed to make it less of a priority, and for the famed “Gingles test,” which provides for the legally mandated creation of majority-minority districts if said racially polarized voting exists.
The test in Terrebonne Parish is among other higher-profile voting-rights cases under way since Shelby County opened its legal can of worms—cases ranging from racial and political gerrymandering to voter ID laws. That people in the parish have been building this case for almost 30 years should be a reminder that voting rights and election laws birthed by the legacy of a stubborn Jim Crow were not yet erased when Chief Justice John Roberts famously opined that “our country has changed” in the Court’s 2013 decision. In some places and cases, it has changed, but in others people are quite literally still fighting the battles of years past.



ARTICLE
Updated on April 27, 2017 at 6:40 p.m. ET
President Trump’s Cabinet is finally full.
The Senate on Thursday evening confirmed Alexander Acosta to be labor secretary on a broadly bipartisan vote, installing the president’s last Cabinet secretary just shy of his 100th day in office. The vote was 60-38, as most Democrats opposed Acosta’s nomination to no avail.
Acosta, a former federal prosecutor who led the Justice Department’s civil-rights division in the George W. Bush administration, was Trump’s second choice for labor secretary. His original pick was Andrew Puzder, the restaurant executive who withdrew his nomination in February after Republicans raised concerns over allegations that he abused his ex-wife and the risqué commercials he approved as CEO of the parent company of Hardee’s and Carl’s Jr. Acosta faced comparatively little controversy, although Democrats raised objections about his conservative views and his ties to the U.S. attorney scandal during the Bush administration.
In the end, Puzder was the only senior Cabinet pick who Trump could not get the Republican-controlled Senate to confirm, although several lower-level nominees have backed out because of complications in disentangling their financial conflicts of interest. Democrats succeeded in dragging out the confirmation process for many of Trump’s initial choices for weeks, but because of a rules change they engineered in 2013 to eliminate the filibuster for most presidential nominations, they did not have the votes to block any of the president’s picks on their own.
While Trump is far behind his recent predecessors in filling senior posts in the government overall, he now has his full Cabinet in place at about the same time former President Barack Obama did in 2009. While the bulk of Obama’s choices won confirmation on or shortly after his inauguration, his first secretary of health and human services, Kathleen Sebellius, did not start her job until his 99th day in office because of the withdrawal of former Senator Tom Daschle over tax issues.
The Senate hasn’t formally rejected a Cabinet pick since it voted down former President George H.W. Bush’s nomination of John Tower for defense secretary in 1989. But no new president has gotten all of their nominees confirmed in the last 30 years; those that become enmeshed in controversy or partisan brinkmanship (it’s often both) usually withdraw before a vote. Trump lost only Puzder.
Department of State
Trump’s pick: Rex Tillerson
Background: He’s an oil executive. Tillerson has been the CEO of Exxon Mobil for the last decade after working his way up the ranks since 1975. It’s the only company Tillerson has ever known; the Texas native started at Exxon after graduating from college. He’s also an Eagle Scout who served as a past president of the Boy Scouts of America.
Government experience: None.
Why Trump likes him: He’s a big-time businessman who makes big deals—including with the same foreign governments with whom he’ll have to engage as secretary of state. “The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments,” Trump tweeted.
Liabilities: Tillerson’s ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin will be the biggest potential obstacle to his confirmation by the Senate. In 2012, Putin awarded him the “Order of Friendship”—a high honor in the Kremlin, but one that will not sit well with Russia hawks in Congress.
Status of nomination: Confirmed on a vote of 56 to 43 on February 1.
Department of the Treasury
Trump’s pick: Steven Mnuchin
Background: He’s a banker. Specifically, Mnuchin is a former senior executive at Goldman Sachs and a hedge fund manager who bought the failed mortgage lender IndyMac from the government in 2009. He spun it off into OneWest and sold it for a huge profit five years later. Mnuchin is also a Hollywood producer whose credits include Avatar, American Sniper, and the X-Men movies.
Government experience: None.
Why Trump likes him: Spot the pattern yet? He’s a successful businessman. But perhaps equally as important, Mnuchin was a relatively early convert to the Trump cause and joined the campaign as national finance chairman back in April, just as the Republican was shifting from relying on his own funds to setting up a more traditional fundraising apparatus. Mnuchin made clear early on he wanted the Treasury job, and Trump rewarded him.
Liabilities: Goldman Sachs and foreclosures. Economic populists will see Mnuchin’s nomination by a candidate who ran against Wall Street and the “rigged” system as the ultimate betrayal. If Trump criticized Hillary Clinton for the speeches she gave to Goldman Sachs, how can he turn around and pick a man who got rich there for treasury secretary? Moreover, while Trump hailed Mnuchin for his business savvy in making a boatload off IndyMac at the depth of the Great Recession, Democrats will savage him for the foreclosures that resulted and highlight stories like that of an 89-year-old widow who blamed hounding by the bank for her husband’s death.
Status of nomination: Confirmed on a vote of 53 to 47 on February 13.
Department of Defense
Trump’s pick: General James Mattis
Background: Mattis is a four-star Marine Corps general who led U.S. Central Command from 2010 to 2013. He commanded forces in both the Afghanistan and Iraq wars after the 9/11 terrorist attacks. Mattis also worked with General David Petraeus to produce the field manual on battling counterinsurgents in Iraq.
Government experience: Forty-four years in the military, though none in civilian posts.
Why Trump likes him: For a guy who once said he probably knows “more about ISIS than the generals do,” he certainly likes hiring them for top positions. Mattis is known as a straight-shooter and a voracious reader, and Trump has gushed that he is “the closest thing to George Patton that we have.” Like Trump, Mattis is someone whose blunt talk occasionally crashes through the line of political correctness, and he has criticized the Obama administration stance toward Iran and its strategy across the Middle East. Trump seems to value his opinion: He told The New York Times that he was “impressed” when Mattis pointedly told him that torture does not work, though it did not change the president-elect’s support for the practice. Trump also seems fond of his nickname, Mad Dog.
Status of nomination: Confirmed on a vote of 98 to 1 on January 20.
Department of Justice
Trump’s pick: Senator Jeff Sessions
Background: Sessions has represented Alabama in the Senate for 20 years, building up a record as a staunch critic of illegal immigration and expanded legal immigration. He’s been a conservative all around, opposing the Obama administration at nearly every turn. Before his election to the Senate, Sessions served as a federal prosecutor and then Alabama attorney general. He might have had a lifetime appointment to the federal bench had the Senate not rejected his nomination in 1987 over allegations that he made racist comments and praised the KKK while criticizing the NAACP and the ACLU.
Government experience: Extensive. He served in the U.S. Senate since 1997 and held public office in Alabama beginning in 1981.
Why Trump likes him: Loyalty. In February, Sessions became the first senator to endorse Trump’s candidacy, and he has been a surrogate and close adviser ever since. Sessions’s top aides are working in the Trump transition and at least one, policy adviser Stephen Miller, might snag a senior post in the West Wing. Sessions has made his name opposing comprehensive immigration reform and citizenship for undocumented immigrants, and Trump adopted similar positions that helped vault him to the top of the GOP primary field.
Liabilities: The same comments that derailed Sessions’s nomination for a federal judgeship in the 1980s are likely to be front-and-center at his confirmation hearings, as will the staunchly conservative record he has amassed in the Senate. In his 1986 hearing before the Senate, Adam Serwer wrote for The Atlantic, “witnesses testified that Sessions referred to a black attorney as ‘boy,’ described the Voting Rights Act as ‘intrusive,’ attacked the NAACP and ACLU as ‘un-American’ for ‘forcing civil rights down the throats of people,’ joked that he thought the Ku Klux Klan was ok until he found out they smoked marijuana, and referred to a white attorney who took on voting-rights cases as a  ‘traitor to his race.’” Sessions will face scrutiny over how he intends to enforce civil- and voting-rights laws as attorney general.
Status of nomination: Confirmed on a vote of 52-47 on February 8.
Department of Homeland Security
Trump’s pick: Retired General John Kelly
Background: The military. Like Mattis, Kelly is a veteran of more than 40 years in the Marine Corps, having served as commander of the U.S. Southern Command for the final three ending in January. The jurisdiction included South and Central America, as well as the military detention center at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Kelly also has the sad distinction of being the highest-ranking military officer to lose a child in Iraq or Afghanistan. His son, Lt. Robert Michael Kelly, was killed after stepping on a land mine in Afghanistan in 2010.
Government experience: Four decades in the military, including assignments as a liaison to Congress.
Why Trump likes him: Aside from being a general, Kelly’s deep knowledge of border security and the challenges posed by illegal immigration from Mexico and Central America are likely the reason Trump selected him. He has warned about the danger of terrorists using known drug smuggling routes to send operatives to the United States through Mexico, which was a theme for Trump on the campaign trail.
Status of nomination: Confirmed on a vote of 88 to 11 on January 20.
Department of Health and Human Services
Trump’s pick: Representative Tom Price
Background: The deeply conservative, six-term Georgia congressman is chairman of the House Budget Committee, a leading critic of the Affordable Care Act, and an architect of Republican proposals to replace the health law. Before entering politics in the 1990s, Price was an orthopedist for 20 years in Atlanta.
Government experience: Twelve years in Congress and another eight in the Georgia state Senate before that.
Why Trump likes him: The two men don’t have much of a personal history, but Price is a close ally both of Vice President Mike Pence and House Speaker Paul Ryan from their years together as conservatives in Congress. Price will be instrumental in working with Republicans on Capitol Hill to devise and pass a replacement for Obamacare. In the meantime, Price’s experience in federal health policy could allow him to begin dismantling the Affordable Care Act from the inside at HHS.
Liabilities: Medicare, Medicare, Medicare. The biggest obstacle to Price’s confirmation is not his fervent opposition to Obamacare but his support for Ryan’s longstanding desire to convert Medicare into a voucher program. Democrats will do their best to make his confirmation hearings a referendum on this plan, particularly since Ryan has said he wants to try to pass it at some point during Trump’s first term.
Status of nomination: Confirmed on a party-line vote of 52-47 on February 10.
Department of Housing and Urban Development
Trump’s pick: Dr. Ben Carson
Background: The conservative former Trump rival for the Republican presidential nomination has no formal experience in housing policy. He’s a retired neurosurgeon renowned for pioneering a procedure to separate conjoined twins. But what Carson would bring to HUD is the personal experience of having grown up poor in Detroit. He has written and spoken extensively about his upbringing, saying that his hard work and passion for reading, along with the firm encouragement of his single mother, helped him to escape the poverty of the inner city.
Government experience: None.
Why Trump likes him: Again, loyalty. Carson endorsed Trump after he dropped out of the presidential race, and though he wasn’t his most effective surrogate, he stayed with him through the ups and downs of the general election. Trump lambasted him during the primary, mocking his childhood struggle with what Trump described as “a pathological temper.” The two have long since patched things up, however. Carson was pegged for a Cabinet post early on, but it figured to be the Department of Health and Human Services, given his deep experience in medicine. Trump and Carson do appear to share an up-by-the-bootstraps philosophy toward combatting poverty, where government programs play a smaller role than they do now.
Liabilities: Experience, or lack thereof. Carson’s most formidable challenge may be explaining his own assessment of his qualifications to lead a Cabinet department, as explained by his spokesman, Armstrong Williams, to The Hill shortly after the election: “Dr. Carson feels he has no government experience, he's never run a federal agency. The last thing he would want to do was take a position that could cripple the presidency.”
Status of nomination: Confirmed on a vote of 58-41 on March 2.
Department of Energy
Trump’s pick: Former Texas Governor Rick Perry
Background: Perry served three-and-a-half terms as the governor of Texas, succeeding George W. Bush after he became president. He then ran for president twice, failing to win the Republican nomination in 2012 and then again in 2016. His experience in energy-rich Texas would, on the surface, seem to make him a natural fit, but the Energy Department is actually more of a national security agency that’s responsible for designing and protecting the nation’s stockpile of nuclear weapons. The last two energy secretaries were award-winning scientists.
Government experience: Three-and-a-half terms as governor of Texas, a short stint as lieutenant governor, and eight years as Texas agriculture commissioner.
Why Trump likes him: Perry is another example of a Republican who fought bitterly with Trump only to make amends. Early in the 2016 race, Perry was actually more confrontational with Trump than any other Republican. He gave an entire speech devoted to attacking him in July 2015, during which he said Trump was “a cancer on conservatism.” But Perry was out of the race a few months later, and he came around to Trump once he secured the nomination and campaigned for his election.
Liabilities: “Oops.” As Democrats will undoubtedly remind the public to no end, the Energy Department was the Cabinet post that Perry infamously forgot he wanted to eliminate during a Republican primary debate in 2011. The mocking, however, will quickly turn serious as senators force Perry to explain how he plans to lead a department that he doesn’t believe should exist. As with a few other Trump nominees, expect to hear the words “fox in the henhouse” more than a few times.
Status of nomination: Confirmed on a 62-37 vote on March 2.
Department of Labor
Trump’s pick: Alexander Acosta
Background: Acosta is a veteran of the George W. Bush administration, having served as head of the Justice Department’s civil-rights division and later as a U.S. attorney in Florida. He also served for a year as a member of the National Labor Relations Board, and for the last eight years as dean of Florida International University’s law school.
Government experience: Extensive. Acosta served in the federal government for nearly the entire George W. Bush administration in a variety of roles.
Why Trump likes him: Acosta has a sterling academic and legal pedigree that Trump mentioned, having graduated from Harvard and clerked for future Justice Samuel Alito when he served on a federal appellate court. Trump reportedly also wanted a Hispanic in his Cabinet, and while that may have not been an overriding factor, Acosta’s nomination does check that box. Finally, as Trump noted, Acosta has already won Senate confirmation three times, and after the failure of his first labor nominee, Andrew Puzder, the president needed someone who could get the job.
Liabilities: Democrats may ask about Acosta’s time in George W. Bush’s Justice Department, which overlapped with the scandal over the politicization of the hiring of U.S. attorneys. As David Graham wrote, Acosta’s deputy was Bradley Schlozman, who was faulted by an inspector general’s report for inappropriately considering politics and ideology when screening federal prosecutors. But Acosta was not formally rebuked, and that decade-old controversy may not carry as much weight as it once did.
Status of nomination: Confirmed on a vote of 60-38.
Previous nominee: Andrew Puzder, who withdrew on February 15
Department of Transportation
Trump’s pick: Elaine Chao
Background: As labor secretary for the full two terms of the George W. Bush administration, Chao brings more civilian experience in the federal government than anyone else in Trump’s Cabinet. Before that, she directed the Peace Corps and led United Way. During the first Bush administration, Chao also served as a deputy secretary in the department she is poised to lead.
Government experience: Extensive: see above.
Why Trump likes her: While Trump surely appreciated Chao’s deep experience in government and Washington, there is probably another factor in his decision to nominate her for transportation secretary: Chao is married to Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader and a man who will hold wide sway over whether Trump’s agenda makes it into law. In particular, she’ll be a key player in Trump’s push for an expensive infrastructure package that McConnell and his conservative allies are cool to.
Liabilities: Virtually none. Given her government experience and obvious qualifications for the post, Chao might be the least controversial of any of Trump’s choices so far. Her selection even won praise from Vice President Joe Biden.
Status of nomination: Confirmed on a vote of 93 to 6 on January 31.
Department of Education
Trump’s pick: Betsy DeVos
Background: DeVos is a longtime philanthropist and Republican donor and the former chairwoman of the state party in Michigan. She’s been a major advocate for education reform centered on expanding charter schools and private-school vouchers. She led the advocacy group, American Federation for Children, that pushes for increased school choice for parents. The New York Times reported on her successful effort to kill legislation in Detroit that would have imposed tougher accountability standards on charter schools.
Government experience: None.
Why Trump likes her: Trump has shown that he favors plucking people from the private sector who will come in and shake up a government agency, and DeVos fits that bill. She has strong support among Republican school reformers, especially those who favor both expanding charter schools and vouchers. (Democrats favor the former but not the latter.) She is further to the right on education than two other women Trump interviewed: Eva Moskowitz, a charter school leader in New York, and Michelle Rhee, the former chancellor of the Washington D.C. public schools.
Liabilities: Teacher unions will aggressively oppose DeVos over her support for unfettered and largely unregulated expansion of charter schools and vouchers. That likely won’t matter much to Republicans, but it will hurt her chances of winning broad bipartisan support. Conservatives who favor reduced federal power over education will question her previous support for Common Core standards and her affiliation with organizations that have championed Common Core. Anticipating that issue, DeVos has said that while she supports “high standards and strong accountability” for schools, Common Core “got turned into a federalized boondoggle.”
Status of nomination: Confirmed on a 51-50 vote on February 7, with Vice President Mike Pence breaking the tie.
Department of the Interior
Trump’s pick: Representative Ryan Zinke of Montana
Background: Zinke is a Republican member of the House who was just reelected to his second term in November. He had been expected to run for the Senate in 2018, but at least for now, he’s headed for Trump’s Cabinet. Zinke served for more than 20 years in the Navy Seals before entering politics, earning numerous medals. In Congress, he has opposed the sale of federal lands but supported mining and drilling on them.
Government experience: Two decades in the military and two years in Congress.
Why Trump likes him: Trump was, not surprisingly, impressed with Zinke’s military background, and the congressman reportedly impressed Trump’s son Donald Jr., an avid sportsman who was influenced by the recommendation of the Backcountry Hunters and Anglers.
Liabilities: Environmentalists immediately denounced the Zinke nomination, citing his support for mining and drilling and his skepticism about climate change. And a recent report in The Intercept alleged that he committed “travel fraud” while serving in the Navy special-forces unit SEAL Team 6. But there were no other immediate obstacles to his confirmation.
Status of nomination: Confirmed on a 68-31 vote on March 1.
Department of Commerce
Trump’s pick: Wilbur Ross
Background: Another billionaire, Ross is the chairman of a private equity firm that he founded and later sold. For 25 years, he led Rothschild Inc., where he made a reputation as a turnaround specialist who bought up and restructured steel, textile, and mining companies, among other industries.
Government experience: None.
Why Trump likes him: The two businessmen go back many years together and share a critical view of U.S. trade policy in the last two decades. Ross, who specialized in turning around manufacturing firms, served as an adviser to Trump during the campaign. Ross, the president-elect said in nominating him, “is a champion of American manufacturing and knows how to help companies succeed. Most importantly, he is one of the greatest negotiators I have ever met, and that comes from me, the author of The Art of the Deal.”
Liabilities: Yes, Ross may have turned around companies, but at what cost to workers? He will get the Mitt Romney treatment from Democrats, who are portraying him as an out-of-touch plutocrat who outsourced jobs and slashed benefits at the companies he restructured. He’ll also face questions over the 2006 explosion at a mine run by one of his companies, which killed 12 workers.
Status of nomination: Confirmed on a vote of 72-27 on February 27.
Department of Agriculture
Trump’s pick: Sonny Perdue
Background: Perdue is the former governor of Georgia, having served two terms ending in 2011. An immigration hawk, he grew up on a farm and earned a doctorate in veterinary medicine.
Government experience: Two terms as Georgia governor and a decade in the state legislature
Status of nomination: Confirmed by the Senate on a vote of 87-11 on April 23.
Department of Veterans Affairs
Trump’s pick: Dr. David Shulkin
Background: The only Trump pick currently serving in the Obama administration, Shulkin is now the under secretary for health at the VA. He’s previously served as a top executive at hospitals in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New York City.
Government experience: A year-and-a-half as a senior official at the Department of Veterans Affairs
Status of nomination: Confirmed on a vote of 100 to 0 on February 13.
Key sub-Cabinet positions
Administrator, Environmental Protection Agency
Trump’s pick: Scott Pruitt
Background: Pruitt is the attorney general of Oklahoma, and in that position he has led the conservative legal fight against the Obama administration’s agenda to combat climate change. Along with other Republican attorneys general, he sued to stop the administration’s climate rules—a case that is still pending in federal court. Like Trump, he has voiced doubts about the science behind climate change and its connection to manmade activities.
Government experience: Six years as Oklahoma attorney general, and eight years in the Oklahoma state senate
Status of nomination: Confirmed on a vote of 52-46 on February 17.
Ambassador to the United Nations
Trump’s pick: Governor Nikki Haley of South Carolina
Background: Haley has been considered a rising Republican star ever since she won election as governor of South Carolina in 2010. She gave her highly sought-after endorsement to Marco Rubio in the GOP presidential primary last year, and she was seen as a likely vice presidential pick if Rubio had won the nomination. But Rubio didn’t, and Trump’s early selection of Haley as his nominee for U.N. ambassador was a bit of a surprise. She has no formal foreign-policy experience, but her background as the conservative daughter of Indian immigrants undoubtedly appealed to Trump.
Government experience: Six years as South Carolina governor, and another six as a state legislator before that
Status of nomination: Confirmed on a vote of 96 to 4.
Director, Office of Management and Budget
Trump’s pick: Representative Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina
Background: Mulvaney is a hard-line conservative in the House and a founding member of the Freedom Caucus. He was a frequent critic of former Speaker John Boehner and voted for budget and debt proposals that called for steep spending cuts across discretionary and entitlement spending programs. The question is whether his support for overhauling Medicare and Social Security and his resistance to major increases in defense spending will conflict with Trump, who took opposing views on the campaign trail.
Government experience: Six years in the U.S. House and four years as a state legislator in South Carolina
Status of nomination: Confirmed on a vote of 51-49 on February 16.
Director, CIA
Trump’s pick: Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas
Background: Pompeo was elected to his fourth term in the House in November and served on the Intelligence Committee. He drew wider attention as a member of the House Benghazi Committee and for his aggressive questioning of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton during her 11-hour testimony in 2015. Before running for Congress, he served as an Army captain and then started a company that manufactured parts for commercial and military airplanes.
Government experience: Six years in the U.S. House
Status of nomination: Confirmed on a vote of 66 to 32 on January 23.



ARTICLE
Mucking up an interaction with Congress is a rite of passage for every new president—usually on health care, and especially for those with limited experience in Washington.
The twin pitfalls for a new president are the same ones the great Tommy Lasorda described in his approach to baseball: “I believe managing is like holding a dove in your hand. If you hold it too tightly you kill it, but if you hold it too loosely, you lose it.” A president can try to push his vision aggressively on Congress, risking backlash from members—let’s call that the Bill Clinton approach. Alternatively, he can try to hang back and let Congress act, risking the chance that without presidential leadership, members will come up with something he doesn’t like, or even worse that they can’t pass. We’ll call that the Barack Obama approach.
Donald Trump now runs the risk of making both errors, one of each on his two major legislative priorities: Obamacare repeal and tax reform.
Start with the Clinton problem. In 1993, the then-president, fresh to Washington, mounted a push to overhaul the nation’s health system, placing First Lady Hillary Clinton in charge of it. Her approach initially won plaudits—she was smart and mastered a great deal of material quickly—but the effort famously failed. There are several reasons for that, but one was that the White House attempted to impose a plan on Congress, delivering a more-or-less complete health-care bill. That both rubbed members the wrong way and created openings for critics. As the veteran journalist Jerry Seib put it, “President Bill Clinton offered an (overly) detailed health plan in 1993, and his critics picked it apart, chart by chart and page by page.”
When Obama took office in 2009, he also made health overhaul a priority. But having watched Clinton’s failure 16 years earlier, he and his advisers, many of whom were Clinton White House veterans, opted for a far more hands-off approach. “The administration has been careful not to weigh in with too much authority or to make any public pronouncements on the negotiations,” Matt Bai wrote in June 2009.
Obama took lots of flak for that choice. “Among the many problems President Barack Obama confronts on the health-care front, one is fairly simple. He is defending a plan that doesn’t really exist,” Seib wrote that September. A week later, Obama himself admitted overcorrecting. “I, out of an effort to give Congress the ability to do this thing and not step on their toes, probably left too much ambiguity out there, which then allowed opponents of reform to come in and fill up the airwaves with a lot of nonsense,” he told Good Morning America. Months later, after Scott Brown’s victory in Massachusetts deprived Democrats of a Senate supermajority, Christina Bellantoni wrote that Obama had “all but disappeared from the discussions as congressional leaders attempt to figure out a way to finalize a health-care plan now that they have just 59 Senate seats.”
Obama got his law in the end, but it was a deeply flawed one. It was far enough left to create a conservative bogeyman, while failing to really achieve many progressive priorities; the jury-rigged structure was open to challenges in the courts, which, for example, reduced Medicaid expansion to an optional program in states. The law was deeply unpopular, right up until the moment Trump tried to repeal it.
For the attempt to repeal Obamacare, Trump adopted the Obama strategy. He basically took a very hands-off approach, while laying out a few basic principles he wished to see included. It was only late in the process that Trump intervened personally, inviting lawmakers to the White House for a last-minute persuasion session meant to showcase his prowess as a dealmaker. (It was a sign of just how hands-off he’d been that during that meeting, he felt the necessity to declare that he was 100 percent in support of the House health plan.) But it failed—Speaker Paul Ryan couldn’t get enough votes to pass the bill, and he was forced to pull it.
There were, of course, some significant differences in Obama’s and Trump’s approaches, the distant handling aside. For one, the principles that Trump suggested—such as keeping in place the popular provisions of Obamacare and guaranteeing equal or broader coverage—were essentially impossible for a Republican House to pass. For another, he tried to get it done in two months, with an understaffed, inexperienced White House. Obama, by contrast, had a huge team of veteran Hill figures working for him, waited 14 months into office for a bill to pass, and still nearly failed. (The failed Clinton plan took months of work, too.)
Trump is feeling understandably burned by his experience on Obamacare repeal. In a great behind-the-scenes piece Thursday, Politico reported:

Several administration officials said Trump has told them not to leave the congressional details to Ryan and others—and that he eventually grasped how damaging the health-care defeat could be to the rest of his agenda. …

Now, Trump is forging ahead alone on taxes, rolling out a dramatic package of tax cuts on Wednesday without input from Hill leaders. “We aren’t listening to anyone else on taxes,” said one senior administration official, referring to Ryan. “It’s our plan.”

In other words, Trump looks to be overcorrecting, veering from too hands-off to the opposite extreme, of Clintonian imposition.
But this could go even worse than the health-care debacle. First, tax reform is possibly even more complicated than health care. Republicans agreed broadly on the desire to repeal Obamacare, even as they diverged over what should replace it. Second, the White House may be even less prepared for this fight than it was for the health-care debate. One advantage of being hands-off is you don’t have to know what you’re doing. Not so for the dirigiste approach. The Trump administration has all of the ambition of the Clinton White House, but even less experience and, given the haste, far less time to get up to speed.
Moreover, calling it “our plan,” as the administration official did, is to overstate things. The blueprint that the White House released Wednesday is, as my colleague Derek Thompson observed, barely 100 words long. It is basically a version of the plan that Trump laid out during the campaign last year, but if he or anyone on his staff has significantly filled that plan out with the sorts of details that turn a talking point into legislation, no one has demonstrated that. When Trump announced last week that a plan was coming on Wednesday, he took his own staff by surprise. Meanwhile, the House seems far apart from the Trump plan. Kevin Brady, the chairman of the powerful Ways and Means Committee, for example, continues to advocate for a border-adjustment tax that the White House says it does not support.
Of course, knowing what you’re doing and having those details ready is not enough to guarantee success—just as Hillary Clinton could tell him. Looking back on the collapse of the 1993 push, she later wrote, “Our most critical mistake was trying to do too much, too fast.” The most likely outcome for Trump is that he will reach a similar conclusion, opting for more limited tax cuts rather than a sweeping reform of the whole system. But it appears he will do so only after having fallen into both of the traps laid for inexperienced presidents.



ARTICLE
President Trump told reporters he “will renegotiate” the North American Free Trade Agreement, after reportedly considering withdrawing from the pact. House Democrats threatened to oppose a short-term extension of government funding if Republicans press forward with a vote on legislation to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. United Airlines reached a settlement with David Dao, the man dragged off a United Airlines flight earlier this month. Trump is expected to sign an executive order establishing an accountability office at the Department of Veterans Affairs. The Pentagon is investigating former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn for receiving foreign payments, according to documents obtained by the House Oversight Committee.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

‘The Education of Trump’: The president and his aides have spent the past few months navigating a steep learning curve: “I kind of pooh-poohed the experience stuff when I first got here,” one White House official told Politico. “But this shit is hard.” (Josh Dawsey, Shane Goldmacher, and Alex Isenstadt)
The Mob Wins Again: Ann Coulter canceled her planned speech at the University of California, Berkeley, after the university failed to uphold its “basic, fundamental task”: protecting Americans’ constitutional rights. (David French, National Review)
Taking a Bullet: American media is inundated with news of shootings, but few people understand how a bullet affects the human body. The trauma surgery team at Temple University Hospital confronts this reality every day. (Jason Fagone, Huffington Post)
Good Cop Bad Cop: The president’s unrealistic proposals and promises on tax reform and health care highlight an emerging trend in the new administration: Trump has repeatedly set up House Speaker Paul Ryan to be his “fall guy.” (James Hohmann, The Washington Post)
‘One Nation, Two Trumps’: Guardian US spoke with two neighboring communities in Ohio—one is majority black and largely voted for Hillary Clinton; the other is mostly comprised of white Trump supporters. Read the groups’ disparate perceptions of the new administration. (Ed Pilkington)
The Early Days: From travel bans to U.S. strikes in Syria, this timeline highlights the key moments of Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office. (The Wall Street Journal)
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner has been a D.C. tradition since 1921, with journalists and administration officials coming together once a year to eat, drink, and roast the current president. President Trump won’t be attending this year’s dinner, which takes place on Saturday, but he did attend the dinner in 2011, when then-President Obama made a few jokes at Trump’s expense.
What jokes or moments stand out to you from past dinners?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Republican leaders returned to Washington after a lengthy Easter recess with two discrete goals for the week: Keep the federal government from shutting down, and maybe, if they had the time and the votes, finally pass their bill to replace the Affordable Care Act.
Congress being Congress, this presented a test significantly more difficult than, say, walking and chewing gum at the same time. And as a deadline for funding the government draws near, one GOP priority is threatening to derail the other.
House Democrats on Thursday warned that they would withhold their support for a short-term extension of government funding if Republicans first tried to rush through legislation decimating Obamacare, while an impatient President Trump accused them of wanting to shut down the government for not agreeing to his demands. The rhetorical volleys injected a new round of drama into a spending showdown that had seemed close to a resolution. But it wasn’t clear that any of the threats would actually be carried out.
The deadline for Congress to pass some sort of extension of government funding is Friday at midnight. Negotiators have been making progress on legislation that would appropriate money for the remaining five months of the fiscal year, and those talks picked up steam once Trump relented on his demand for border-wall money and agreed to Democratic demands that the administration continue paying out a key Obamacare subsidy for insurers. But with a deal yet to be struck, Republicans introduced a measure to extend current funding for another week, hoping to buy time for negotiations without shuttering national parks and museums or sending thousands of federal employees home for a few days.
Such stopgap bills, known as continuing resolutions, are routine. The government has actually been operating on one for the last seven months. But Democrats have watched with growing alarm as Republicans make another push to pass the health-care bill they abandoned a month ago, and they sensed an opportunity to blunt the GOP’s new momentum. Though Republicans control the majority in both the House and the Senate, they’ve had to repeatedly rely on Democratic votes to pass even non-controversial spending bills over the opposition of hard-line conservatives. “I’ve bailed them out a number of times,” Nancy Pelosi, the House Democratic leader, reminded reporters on Thursday.
With that in mind, Pelosi told Speaker Paul Ryan her party wouldn’t help him keep the government open if he scheduled a vote on the GOP’s revised American Health Care Act, which party leaders are considering for Friday or Saturday—if they can get the votes. “If Republicans pursue this partisan path of forcing Americans to pay more for less and destabilizing our country’s health-care system—without even knowing how much their bill will cost—Republicans should be prepared to pass a one-week continuing resolution on their own,” Representative Steny Hoyer of Maryland, the second-ranking House Democrat and the party’s chief vote-counter, said in a statement.
If Democrats followed through, they’d be exacting a kind of revenge on Republicans, who shut down the government for 17 days in 2013 in an unsuccessful bid to cut off funding for Obamacare. Now it’s the preservation of the same law for which the Democrats are fighting.
Their threat might be premature, however. Although Ryan won the endorsement of the House Freedom Caucus on Wednesday for the amended health-care bill, GOP leaders were struggling to win the support of moderates who can now determine the measure’s fate and who are irritated that conservatives succeeded in pushing it to the right. About a dozen were publicly against the bill a month ago before it included a provision gutting Obamacare’s protection for people with pre-existing conditions. And the amendment written by Representative Tom MacArthur of New Jersey could be losing more votes than it gains among the GOP’s more politically vulnerable members. One more moderate lawmaker, Representative Patrick Meehan of Pennsylvania, announced his opposition to the new bill on Thursday. Republicans can afford no more than 22 defections to get 216 votes for a majority.
“We’ve not yet made any decisions on a vote,” Ryan told reporters on Thursday morning. He said the House would only take up the health-care bill once Republicans knew it had the votes to pass. And while the speaker argued that the effort was “making very good progress” after the addition of the MacArthur amendment, he gave no indication that a vote was imminent.
With the Obamacare repeal bill suddenly alive, Democrats searched desperately for arguments that would help Republican moderates hold the line. Holding a press conference with reporters and their young children on “Bring Your Kids to Work Day” at the Capitol, Pelosi adopted a scatological approach. “The minute they cast that vote they put doo-doo on their shoe, a tattoo on their forehead,” she said. Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer warned Republican moderates their seats were at risk if they voted for a bill that took health care away from their constituents and which fewer than one in five Americans supported, according to a March poll by Quinnipiac University. “We hope that Republicans don’t pass it,” Schumer said. “But if it does, American politics will take its effect.”
As to a government shutdown, Schumer backed the House Democrats’ threat, but suggested a broader deal on spending was close at hand. “There are some sticking points that remain, but I’m optimistic we can come up with an agreement very soon,” he said.
While the negotiations took place on Capitol Hill, the president attacked Democrats in a series of tweets that brought more confusion than clarity to the dispute. He suggested they were willing to shut down the government if the administration didn’t “give billions to their insurance companies,” although that sticking point appeared to have been resolved on Wednesday—when Trump’s chief of staff, Reince Priebus, informed Democratic leaders that payments to insurance companies would continue. And Trump blamed Democrats for blocking health benefits for coal miners, although it is a Democratic senator, Joe Manchin of West Virginia, who has been pushing against GOP resistance for that provision to be funded. “Joe Manchin must have fallen out of bed” when he read that, Schumer quipped. “It was out of touch with reality, that tweet,” he said. His spokesman, Matt House, went further, suggesting on Twitter that Trump was displaying “a startling lack of awareness of where the negotiations actually are.”
It’s conceivable that Trump was lashing out after hearing of the Democrats’ threat to block a funding bill if Republicans voted on the health-care bill, which the White House has been pushing aggressively. They know the president desperately wants a show of progress for his 100th day in office on Saturday, and they are equally motivated to thwart him—even if it means causing a shutdown over a health-care bill that remains a long way from becoming law.



ARTICLE
The term “alien” is used in legal contexts to denote those present in the United States who aren’t citizens. But some callers are using a new hotline launched on Wednesday for victims of crimes committed by aliens to report that they’ve been victimized by extraterrestrials.
On Wednesday, the Trump administration launched the Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement Office. The office, which was originally announced in a January executive order on immigration, intends to “assist victims of crimes committed by criminal aliens,” according to the Department of Homeland Security.
“All crime is terrible, but these victims are unique—and too often ignored,” said DHS Secretary John Kelly in announcing the office. “They are casualties of crimes that should never have taken place—because the people who victimized them often times should not have been in the county in the first place.”
The office, housed within Immigration and Customs Enforcement, also established a hotline for “victims to receive public information,” an ICE official said. But since its introduction, as BuzzFeed’s Brianna Sacks reported, the hotline received calls about space alien contact, UFO sitings, and, for the Harry Potter fanatics, muggle-borns.

#AlienDay Please call and report your UFO sightings and green aliens from outer space to Trumps new alien activity hotline: 1-855-48-VOICE
— Kyle Lacio (@KyleLacio) April 27, 2017


1-855-48-VOICE to report all your encounters w/ illegal martians, rude Sasquatch, unleashed Texas Blue Hounds, Springheel Jack. Goblin army.
— Kathleen Dennis (@chelseabmw) April 27, 2017


The truth IS out there! If you've been probed by illegal extraterrestrial aliens, call 1-855-48-VOICE & let them know. pic.twitter.com/PEXbJL9XUG
— Jordan (@_Jordan_J_) April 27, 2017
ICE is not amused. “Their actions seek to obstruct and do harm to crime victims; that's objectively despicable regardless of one's views on immigration policy,” said an ICE official.
Donald Trump has pledged to crack down on illegal immigration in general, and on criminal undocumented immigrants in particular. But immigrants are “less likely to commit serious crimes or be behind bars than the native-born,” according to an analysis by the American Immigration Council. The council also noted that between 1990 and 2013, the foreign-born population grew, as did the number of undocumented immigrants. FBI data suggests that in those years, however, there was also a decline in the violent crime and property crime rates.
Under the Obama administration, the Department of Homeland Security prioritized undocumented immigrants who had criminal records for deportation. The new administration, however, has broadened those priorities to include individuals convicted of crimes, charged with a crime but not convicted of it, and those who have “committed acts that constitute a chargeable criminal offense.”
The latest announcement from the administration appears to be an effort to gather additional data about undocumented immigrants residing in the United States, bypassing uncooperative local jurisdictions by seeking information directly from ordinary Americans. But efforts such as these rely on people to use them as intended. And that may be a whole separate challenge.



ARTICLE
Not only do members of Congress think Michael Flynn broke the law, they have documents to show he should have known better.
On Tuesday, the chairman and ranking member of the House Oversight Committee said the former national security adviser had likely broken the law by receiving payments from the Russian and Turkish governments.
“I see no data to support the notion that General Flynn complied with the law,” Jason Chaffetz, the Republican chair of the committee, said after a briefing on Tuesday. (Chaffetz recently announced he will leave Congress.) “As a former military officer, you simply cannot take money from Russia, Turkey, or anybody else. And it appears as if he did take that money. It was inappropriate.”
The trouble for Flynn is twofold: He was required to seek permission ahead of receiving any money, and he was required to disclose it after the fact when reapplying for security clearance. On Thursday, members of Congress released documents showing that when Flynn retired in 2014, he was warned that he needed to get permission before taking any money.
But Elijah Cummings, the ranking Democrat on the committee, said the White House still hasn’t turned over all the documents about Flynn that Congress requested.
“I honestly don’t understand why the White House is covering up for Michael Flynn,” Cummings said Thursday. “I don’t get it, after the president fired him for lying—they should be bending over backwards to help us.”
The payments in question involve two matters. One was a 2015 trip to Russia, which was reportedly paid for by the Kremlin-owned network RT, and during which Flynn attended a dinner with Russian President Vladimir Putin. The other was a lobbying contract on behalf of the Turkish government, which ended around the time Flynn was appointed Trump’s national security adviser in November. Flynn belatedly filed documents in March acknowledging that his work in that contract, which went through a Dutch company, was lobbying for Turkey.
Aside from the question of registering as a lobbyist, Chaffetz and Cummings are focused on whether Flynn sought the required permission to receive moneys in either case, and whether he declared them as required. Cummings said Tuesday that Flynn did not mention the Russian travel on a required form renewing his security clearance in January 2016—only about a month after his trip. Cummings said he wished to declassify as many materials as possible in the case, and Chaffetz said that if the money was inappropriately received, it would have to be recovered from Flynn.
If Flynn did fail to seek permission or to declare receipts, it would be a crime. That might help explain why Flynn’s lawyer has reportedly reached out to some of the bodies investigating him as well as ties between the Russian government and Trump campaign, offering immunity in exchange for testimony.
Flynn was fired in February, after it became clear that he had lied to Vice President Pence and to others about his conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak. Flynn denied having discussed sanctions against Russia prior to inauguration day, but intelligence intercepts provided to the White House by the Department of Justice showed otherwise.
Donald Trump entered the White House as one of the most scandal-tarred presidents in American history—what his imbroglios may have lacked in depth, they made up in variety, encompassing legal, ethical, and sexual controversies. (In a twist, one of Trump’s few competitors for the crown was his rival, Hillary Clinton.) They ranged from race discrimination to mafia connections, from petty hypocrisies to multimillion-dollar alleged frauds.
Now that Trump is president, some of those controversies have continued to shadow him. But the presidency has also occasioned a whole new set of disputes. Looming largest is the question of whether his campaign colluded with Russian agents to interfere in the election, a question being investigated by the FBI as well as panels in both houses of Congress. They also include ethical and legal questions surrounding members of his cabinet, his allegation that Barack Obama spied on him before the election, and various conflicts of interest.
In the spirit of our logs of Clinton and Trump scandals during the presidential campaign, this article will track those controversies, sorting out the legal, ethical, and moral questions and separating the facts from the fury. The list will be updated regularly as there are new developments.
Who: Flynn, a retired three-star general and Trump’s first national security adviser
The dirt: Flynn cut a controversial figure on the campaign trail as an outspoken Trump surrogate. On November 17, shortly after Trump was elected, Flynn was named his national security adviser. Problems soon emerged. His son had to be fired for spreading bizarre, baseless conspiracy theories. There were also reports that Flynn had spoken with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak prior to Trump’s inauguration about sanctions on Moscow, which Flynn denied. On April 25, the leaders of the House Oversight Committee said they believed Flynn had failed to seek permission (as he had been warned to do) to receive money from the Russian and Turkish governments in 2015 and 2016, and omitted some of them from required disclosures.
The upshot: Flynn was fired on February 13, after it became clear he had lied to Vice President Pence about his conversations with Kislyak. However, Trump reportedly knew about those lies as early as January 26, raising questions about why Flynn’s firing took so long. More questions have emerged since, especially with Flynn’s disclosure that he lobbied for the Turkish government without declaring it prior to his White House appointment. If Flynn failed to seek permission for payments from Russia and Turkey, and to disclose it, he would have committed a crime. More details about Flynn are expected: Through a lawyer, Flynn—who in 2016 said that someone who asks for immunity has probably committed a crime—has reportedly reached out to various investigative bodies to offer immunity in exchange for testimony. So far, no one is known to have granted it.
Read more: The Atlantic, (2), (3)
Who: Paul Manafort, former Trump campaign chair; Michael Flynn, former national security adviser; Carter Page, former Trump adviser; unknown others
The dirt: The fact of Russian interference in the election to hurt Hillary Clinton and aid Trump is the subject of consensus in the U.S. government, but whether there were connections between the Trump campaign and those efforts remains unknown. The most explosive allegations were laid out in the infamous unconfirmed dossier a former British intelligence officer prepared. FBI Director James Comey said on March 20 that his agency is “investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government, and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia’s efforts.” The Senate and House intelligence committees are also both investigating. Attorney General Jeff Sessions was forced to recuse himself from any investigations after admitting he had not disclosed to Congress meetings with the Russian ambassador. Democrats have argued that Sessions lied under oath by doing so. On April 11, The Washington Post revealed that the FBI sought and received a warrant to Carter Page on suspicion of being a foreign agents. Paul Manafort is also the subject of several inquiries, and reports have pointed to mysterious millions flowing his way; he may register retroactively as a foreign agent under federal law.
The upshot: Who knows? If Trump aides conspired with a foreign power to influence the election, it would be the biggest political scandal since Watergate. If Trump himself were involved or compromised, as the darkest liberal observers suggest, it would be a scandal without precedent in American history. Adam Schiff, the Democratic ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, says he has seen “more than circumstantial” evidence of collusion, while Representative Joaquín Castro says he thinks people will go to jail. At the moment, however, there’s minimal public evidence to go on, so the whole thing might very well turn out to be mere innuendo.
Read more: The Atlantic, (2), (3), The New York Times, Associated Press
Who: Donald Trump; former President Barack Obama; Fox News analyst Andrew Napolitano; conservative pundit Mark Levin; Breitbart author Joel Pollak
The dirt: On March 4, Trump tweeted that Obama “had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower just before the victory,” calling it “McCarthyism” and “Nixon/Watergate.” There is no evidence to support Trump’s claim, and FBI Director James Comey said under oath that it was not true. It appears that Trump made his claim based on speculation from Andrew Napolitano on Fox News, Mark Levin’s radio show, and a Breitbart piece by Pollak based on the Levin segment. Despite demanding a congressional investigation, the White House has still not produced any evidence. Trump has tried to change the nature of his claim, first saying he merely meant “surveillance” broadly. Later, after the White House claimed (again, with no clear evidence) that Obama National Security Adviser Susan Rice had improperly asked that the names of Trump aides be listed in intelligence reports, Trump claimed, falsely, that he’d been referring to this “unmasking.”
The upshot: The debate over Trump’s apparently entirely fictitious claim has now spread out over weeks, sucking in congressional investigations and the FBI. Trump’s refusal to back off his claim has produced a range of peculiar outcomes. Devin Nunes, the chair of the House Intelligence Committee, has been forced to recuse himself from an investigation. The Trump administration set off a brief feud with GCHQ, the British intelligence agency, for claiming the U.K. did the bugging for the Obama administration. The president also made a bizarre, awkward joke about prior surveillance of Angela Merkel during a press conference with the German chancellor. If President Obama did engage in politically motivated spying, it would be Nixonian, but at the moment there’s simply no evidence for that at all, while Trump’s phantom allegations suck up oxygen.
Read more: The Atlantic, (2), (3)
Who: Devin Nunes, chair of the House Intelligence Committee and a Trump transition team member; Ezra Cohen-Watnick and Michael Ellis, White House staffers; Susan Rice, Obama national security adviser
The dirt: On March 22, Nunes, a California Republican, announced he had received mysterious report suggesting vague, inappropriate conduct by Obama administration officials—that Trump transition-team members had been “incidentally collected,” or swept up in surveillance of intelligence targets. When Americans who are not the targets of surveillance are collected this way, their names are redacted, but can be revealed, or “unmasked,” to some top officials at their request. Though Nunes said the surveillance was lawful, he alleged that the Trump officials’ names had been improperly unmasked. Nunes would not say how he obtained the information, did not share it with members of his committee, and rushed to brief the president. A later report from Bloomberg View had Trump officials claiming Susan Rice had requested questionable unmasking.
The upshot: Nunes’s refusal to share his information resulted in acrimony with his Democratic counterpart. Meanwhile, the congressman’s account developed a series of inconsistencies and holes, both in substance and in process. Although he insisted he had not received his information from the Trump administration, it became clear that his source was within the White House. Nunes was eventually forced to recuse himself from the House investigation into Russian interference in the election. Rice has denied wrongdoing, and no further evidence that she improperly unmasked anyone has emerged—in fact, some reports suggest just the opposite.
Read more: The Atlantic, (2), (3); Eli Lake; CNN
Who: Donald Trump; Ivanka Trump; Donald Trump Jr.; Eric Trump; Kellyanne Conway, counselor to the president
The dirt: Donald Trump has still not offered an adequate plan for addressing conflicts of interest between his business. The president said that he would step away from the Trump Organization, as would his daughter Ivanka, while his sons Donald and Eric ran the business. His faux-blind trust was criticized by ethics observers across the political spectrum, and Eric has suggested in interviews that the division is even more porous than it initially appeared. Ethicists say Trump is in violation of the Constitution’s Emoluments Clause, because foreign leaders can funnel money to the president by staying in his hotels. Separately, Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway broke ethics rules by encouraging people to purchase Ivanka Trump merchandise after Nordstrom announced it would drop her line of clothing. (Despite President Trump’s promise that Ivanka was not joining the White House, she has since taken a job in the West Wing.)
The upshot: The General Services Administration ruled that Trump was not violating the lease on a hotel in D.C., despite a clause saying no government official can be party to the contract. At least one pending lawsuit seeks to have Trump ruled in violation of the Emoluments Cause. The Office of Government Ethics ruled that Conway had broken rules on endorsements and recommended that she be fired, but the White House rejected the recommendation, and OGE has no authority to levy its own punishment. After public outcry, the State Department deleted a blog post promoting Mar-A-Lago, Trump’s Florida estate.
Read more: The Atlantic, (2); Jeremy Venook’s full accounting of conflicts of interest; Fortune
Who: Marcus Peacock, former budget adviser; Scott Gottlieb, nominee for FDA commissioner; Michael Catanzaro, energy adviser; Chad Wolf, TSA official; Geoff Burr, Labor Department official
The dirt: During the campaign, Trump promised to “drain the swamp,” proposing a range of rules to limit the revolving door between government and business. Trump’s actions since taking office have been a mixed bag, strengthening some rules and weakening others. (This is not unprecedented—Barack Obama also ended up loosening his own rules.) There are already several worrying case of people moving between the government and major lobbies in both directions.
The upshot: Because the Office of Government Ethics has no independent authority to punish violations, most of the onus is on the White House to enforce its own rules. In several of these cases, it appears that Trump administration officials may be in violation of the president’s rules or other existing rules, but it’s very difficult to know for sure. The administration could grant waivers to officials to circumvent rules, but unlike the Obama administration, the Trump administration is not making those waivers public. Of course, the presence of waivers raises its own questions about the efficacy and spirit of the White House’s ethics rules.
Read more: The Wall Street Journal; The New York Times; ProPublica; Bloomberg
Who: Tom Price, secretary of health and human services
The dirt: Price, a doctor by profession, was previously a U.S. representative from Georgia. In 2012, after a series of revelations about members of Congress profiting by trading stocks with inside information about regulation and legislation, the STOCK Act barred trading on non-public information. Price traded more than $300,000 worth of stock in health companies affected by bills he sponsored or argued for. The largest was an investment of $50,000 to $100,000 in an Australian company called Innate Immunotherapeutics, whose largest shareholder is Representative Chris Collins of New York, a close Trump ally. The stock later doubled in price. During confirmation hearings, Price claimed to have received no special information, but The Wall Street Journal found that Price had actually received a privileged offer to buy. ProPublica also reported that Price also bought $90,000 in drug companies the same day he intervened to kill a rule that would have cut into their profits.
The upshot: The allegations against Price, if proven, could be very serious, as he could have violated federal law. Democrats have asked that the Securities and Exchange Commission investigate Price. When Preet Bharara, the U.S. attorney for Manhattan was unexpectedly fired in March, he had been conducting an investigation into Price’s trades, ProPublica reported. Price denies wrongdoing and says trades were made by his broker without his knowledge.
Read more: The Wall Street Journal, (2); ProPublica, (2)
Who: Donald Trump
The dirt: The president faces a lawsuit from three people who allege they were roughed up at a campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, in March 2016. They blame Trump for inciting violence by saying, “Get ’em out of here.” He has also been sued in Alabama in a similar case.
The upshot: Trump has offered two defenses in Kentucky. First, he says he was not instructing the crowd, though another defendant, accused of conducting an assault, says he was acting because of the candidate’s statement. (A white nationalist leader has actually sued Trump, saying he assaulted a woman at the candidate’s behest.) Second, Trump says that as president he is immune to civil suits. Trump has also claimed that he has presidential immunity from a sexual-harassment case filed by a former Apprentice contestant.
Read more: Politico, (2); The Atlantic



ARTICLE
Earlier this week, Ulrich Baer, a vice provost at New York University, published an op-ed in The New York Times defending student-activist efforts to shut down speakers at institutions of higher education like Auburn, UC Berkeley, and Middlebury. He urged readers inclined to defend liberal norms on matters of speech to adopt “a more sophisticated understanding” and argued that “the parameters of public speech must be continually redrawn to accommodate those who previously had no standing.”
Were there “parameters of speech” at Berkeley 10 or 15 years ago that denied standing to students who have it today? What were the parameters? Who are the students?  
The op-ed is elusive throughout in a manner typical of university administrators with censorious instincts. Many words are lavished on a questionably relevant anecdote about the Holocaust and the obligatory theory of a postmodern French philosopher. Very few words clarify what speech is to be suppressed by what standards, or who is to decide if they are met, as if we needn’t worry overmuch about limiting principles or the abuses that invariably follow when they are absent—even though marginalized groups typically bear the attendant burdens most heavily.   
The op-ed comes closest to clarifying what speech is to be suppressed after casting ostensibly unworthy speech as that which marshals abstract argument against personal experience. The dice are quickly loaded with Baer’s choice of example: He leads readers to think of bygone instances of Holocaust denial, “where invidious but often well-publicized cranks confronted survivors with the absurd challenge to produce incontrovertible eyewitness evidence of their experience of the killing machines set up by the Nazis to exterminate the Jews of Europe. Not only was such evidence unavailable, but it also challenged the Jewish survivors to produce evidence of their own legitimacy in a discourse that had systematically denied their humanity.”
Grounding the op-ed in that example is odd for a few reasons.
While it is monstrous to tell a Holocaust survivor that the horrors he or she lived through did not happen, the paradigm of evidence-based empiricism seems preferable, for those intent on Holocaust deniers losing, than a paradigm where personal experience is paramount. After all, Holocaust survivors will not be with us much longer; those who feel sure the Holocaust never happened will outlive them.
What’s more, even though robust free-speech protections permitted anyone to deny the Holocaust in America, and protected neo-Nazis as they marched through Skokie (a free-speech precedent later marshaled to defend the speech of racial minorities), Holocaust denial stayed a highly stigmatized, fringe belief. The descendants of Holocaust survivors are not marginal victims kept down by bygone free speech. So the culture of relatively absolute free speech worked. Indeed, Holocaust denial is arguably less widespread in the country with no laws against it than some Western European countries that have long criminalized denying the Holocaust.
Nevertheless, Baer concludes from his example that “certain topics restrict speech as a public good.” So let’s grant the premise. Maybe there are certain topics like that.
Of course, we could as easily load the dice in the other direction, illustrating the danger of elevating personal experience over demands for evidence or abstract reasoning. Consider the marginalized son of Appalachian coal miners who goes off to college feeling sure, based on personal experience, that the climate is not changing. Few would disagree that having deeply held experience-based beliefs contradicted by evidence, and siding with the evidence, is part of what college should teach.
What’s more, free speech facilitates making experiential claims as much as reasoned claims, so even if your premise is that certain debates are setbacks for the public good, you might still champion robust speech protections so experiential claims are protected. Instead, the op-ed gives only the Holocaust example, making it seem monstrous to subject personal experience to the marketplace of ideas, then segues to the most specific account Baer offers of who and what should get censored, by his lights.
“Some things are unmentionable and undebatable, but not because they offend the sensibilities of the sheltered young,” he writes. “Some topics, such as claims that some human beings are by definition inferior to others, or illegal or unworthy of legal standing, are not open to debate because such people cannot debate them on the same terms.” He adds that recent student protests “should be understood as an attempt to ensure the conditions of free speech for a greater group of people, rather than censorship. Liberal free-speech advocates rush to point out that the views of these individuals must be heard first to be rejected. But this is not the case. Universities invite speakers not chiefly to present otherwise unavailable discoveries, but to present to the public views they have presented elsewhere. When those views invalidate the humanity of some people, they restrict speech as a public good.”
To reformulate that sketchy explanation into a speech test:
The last claim is most easily dispatched.
Don’t worry, students, Milo Yiannopolous does not, in fact, possess the power to “invalidate” your humanity—as yet, he hasn’t even shown an ability to dignify his own. The humanity of every individual is a fact. No one can invalidate it with speech. Teaching undergraduates otherwise renders them needlessly vulnerable to bigots and trolls. (And  people who believe that, say, undocumented Honduran immigrants have no legal right to live here are not, by and large, even claiming their humanity is invalid.)
As for the rest:
Does Baer grasp what his positions imply? Using the standards he offers, here is a partial list of speakers that would have to be denied a platform at New York University:
As Jonathan Chait aptly observers, “Nearly all American politicians in both major parties support some limits on legal immigration, and some measures to enforce those laws. Virtually all of them define some human beings as ‘unworthy of legal standing.’”
If Plato were reincarnated for a day and if he offered to deliver a lecture at NYU, one wonders if Baer would decline the offer, what with the philosopher’s writing on eugenics and belief that some humans are inferior to others. In fact, since Baer thinks some questions Plato raised are “unmentionable and undebatable,” one wonders if or why he is comfortable with NYU professors assigning the philosopher as course reading, let alone asking undergraduates to grapple with his ideas in class discussions.
Baer is presumably earnest in believing that declaring certain speakers and ideas beyond mention or debate “should be understood as an attempt to ensure the conditions of free speech for a greater group of people,” and that in so doing, he is acting as the righteous champion and protector of oppressed groups. But implicit in his understanding are lazy stereotypes common to many who share his views on speech.
To attend New York University, as I did for graduate school, or to converse with undergraduates at dozens of selective colleges and universities, as I have spent scores of hours doing, confirms what any observer of American life ought to know: that the opinions of African Americans, Hispanics, Asian Americans, gays, lesbians, trans people, undocumented immigrants, foreign students, people from minority religious groups, and those of members of every other identity group on campus are hugely diverse. There is no reason to believe (as some white supremacists do) that minority students need an experiential paradigm to thrive, or are less suited to reasoning or liberal values, views that Baer seems to imply but never quite states outright.
What’s more, in a failure to think intersectionally, Baer seems not to realize that there are millions of black and Hispanic Americans whose views on, say, illegal immigration or transgender rights run afoul of his standards for what is even mentionable. How much speech by historically marginalized groups will be stifled in Baer’s effort “to ensure the conditions of free speech for a greater group of people”?
To invoke a postmodern philosopher or the critical race theorists, and to proceed as if their views on hearing and suppressing speech are the consensus position of a generation, or students of color, or that members of some groups are inclined to thrive under a censorious model of speech, assumes group beliefs, inclinations, and psychological predispositions not in evidence. In fact, many members of minority groups prefer an education free from the soft bigotry of those stereotyping them as snowflakes who need protecting from ideas when they can more than hold their own.
There are students of color at Middlebury who are upset that Charles Murray was shut down; at Claremont McKenna who are upset that Heather Mac Donald was shut down; and at Yale who are upset at the treatment of Nicholas and Erika Christakis. Some are loath to publicly state their views, lest they be stigmatized by campus activists as “shady people of color.” And one needn’t long wander the streets of Berkeley, California, to run across one of the world’s most ethnically diverse collections of free-speech absolutists on the planet, among many other leftist factions.
When Baer asserts that “the idea of freedom of speech does not mean a blanket permission to say anything anybody thinks,” but that, rather, “it means balancing the inherent value of a given view with the obligation to ensure that other members of a given community can participate in discourse as fully recognized members of that community,” he further traffics in a notion so pernicious that it is vital to reject it. If Richard Spencer or Ann Coulter or Milo Yiannopolous retired from public life tomorrow, I believe the world would be a better place; I am glad people voice their opposition to them; if I weren’t a journalist I would happily hold a protest sign outside one of their talks; and I wish conservative groups would stop inviting them as speakers. But it is inaccurate and disempowering to tell undergraduates that any bigot can render them unable to participate in public discourse merely by speaking on campus; or can render them less than fully recognized in their community merely by addressing it.
“What is under severe attack, in the name of an absolute notion of free speech,” Baer writes, “are the rights, both legal and cultural, of minorities to participate in public discourse.” In fact, minorities are not only free to participate in discourse on college campuses, they are doing so vigorously; organizations like the ACLU and FIRE stand ready to defend any abrogations of their rights; and even their protests face orders of magnitude less pushback from faculty and administrators than white college students faced in the 1960s, precisely because several generations of civil libertarians have fought like hell for extremely broad notions of free speech to prevail on campus.
That leaves one last pernicious formulation to address.
One insight many free-speech advocates share is that opining on what “should” or “shouldn’t” be up for debate is beside the point. Chattel slavery shouldn’t have been up for debate. Thank goodness that abolitionists joined and won the debate anyway. Gay marriage shouldn’t have been up for debate. Thank goodness Andrew Sullivan wasn’t acculturated to believe that merely engaging in that debate risked invalidating his existence. Baer believes the claim that some people are “illegal or unworthy of legal standing” shouldn’t be up for debate today. How does he suppose that unpopular position will advance and triumph over antagonists who presently include an overwhelming majority of Americans—and most elected officials from both parties—if the next generation of educational elites is prevented from debating or even mentioning the matter in the one setting where they are training to reason well? They’d benefit from being better prepared than that. Their antagonists will be.



ARTICLE
The distinctive pattern of public reaction to President Trump as he approaches the end of his first 100 days in office is sharpening the choices facing Democrats over the party’s road to recovery.
Though Trump’s agenda has unified Democrats in near-term opposition, clear fault lines have quickly emerged about the party’s long-term strategy to regain power. On one side are those—largely affiliated with Senator Bernie Sanders—arguing for a biting message of economic populism, which is intended largely to recapture working-class white voters that stampeded to Trump in 2016. On the other are party strategists who want Democrats to offer a more centrist economic message, aimed primarily at reassuring white-collar suburbanites drawn to the party mostly around cultural issues.
Sharp public polarization about Trump looms over this debate. As he approaches the 100-day milestone, a wide array of public polls shows that he retains an intense, even visceral, hold on the coalition of older, blue-collar, non-urban and evangelical whites who elected him. In the most dramatic expression of that connection, this week’s ABC/Washington Post poll found that 96 percent of adults who said they voted for him in November do not regret their decision.
But the same surveys also make clear that Trump is facing unprecedented resistance beyond that ardent base. National surveys consistently show his approval rating stuck at around 40 percent. That’s far lower than any other newly elected president at this point. His numbers are especially anemic among Millennials and minorities and far below the usual Republican performance with college-educated whites. Polls also show most Americans oppose many of his key policy initiatives, from building a border wall to repealing former President Barack Obama’s climate-change regulations.
These numbers suggest that Trump, who carried only 46 percent of the national popular vote, faces enormous headwinds in ever building sustained support from a majority of Americans. Indeed, he’s the only newly elected president in Gallup’s polling—since it started tracking presidents during the Truman era—who never reached 50 percent job approval in his first 100 days. Absent a perception-reshaping performance in a major crisis, Trump is likely to operate as, at best, a plurality president.
The Democrats’ post-election debate has mostly focused on how the party can win back blue-collar and older whites who defected from Obama in 2012 to Trump, particularly in the Midwest. But given Trump’s inability to expand his support, the more relevant question may be how Democrats can consolidate the roughly 55 percent of Americans who have consistently expressed unease about him. That question points the party away from Trump’s working-class base toward those white-collar whites (especially women), minorities, and Millennials expressing the most discomfort about his performance, qualifications, and agenda.
Whenever a political party faces an “either/or” choice, the right response is almost always: “both/and.” This Democratic crossroads is no exception. Geographically that means the party, in the races for both Congress and the White House, must regain ground in the working-class Rustbelt states where Trump outperformed other recent GOP nominees and the more diverse, younger Sunbelt states where he slipped. “In the long term, the future for the Democratic Party is Florida, Arizona, Georgia, eventually Texas ... and maybe Ohio goes the other way [toward Republicans],” said Democratic pollster Andrew Baumann. “But given the map for 2018, and even 2020, I think relying on just that and not fighting in those Midwest states is a mistake.”
Yet even while Democrats acknowledge the need to contest both fronts, they face genuine choices about where to place their largest bets. Matt Bennett, senior vice president at the centrist Democratic group Third Way, said the party’s principal opportunity is with white-collar suburbanites alienated from Trump. He points to the previously solidly Republican House district in suburban Atlanta where neophyte Jon Ossoff faces a June runoff election, after approaching 50 percent in a recent primary. “The obvious opportunity is in places like Ossoff’s district,” Bennett said. Those places “can deliver majorities [for Democrats] in the House and Senate and … the White House if we have a message that really lands.”
The Sanders camp envisions a very different road map. Ben Tulchin, Sanders’s 2016 pollster, said Democrats are less likely to recover by trying to court ordinarily Republican-leaning, college-educated suburbanites than by energizing Millennials and recapturing working-class whites with Sanders-style economics. “It’s much harder to win over someone who votes Republican consistently than someone who voted for Obama twice and voted for Trump once as an FU to the system,” Tulchin said. Sanders, tellingly, has mustered only minimal enthusiasm for Ossoff, who’s run a centrist, if not bland, campaign.
The risk in Sanders’s approach is that higher-octane economic populism may fail to dislodge Trump’s hold on working-class whites, while simultaneously alienating white-collar whites that Trump is otherwise driving away from the GOP. In 2018, Democrats can straddle this divide by nominating edgy populists in blue-collar districts and reassuring centrists in white-collar ones. But the choice looms much larger for 2020.
Any Democratic nominee will need to do better than Hillary Clinton at motivating the minorities and Millennials most hostile to Trump. But beyond that, the party’s next presidential primary could diverge between populists best suited to reconstruct a blue-collar coalition (think Senators Sherrod Brown or Elizabeth Warren) or choices more acceptable to white-collar suburbanites (perhaps Senators Cory Booker or Mark Warner). With Trump still connecting so deeply with much of working-class white America, despite all his administration’s upheavals, a strategy centered on rallying white-collar, younger, and diverse voters might seem the path of least resistance for Democrats in upcoming elections. But that, of course, is what Hillary Clinton also thought in 2016.



ARTICLE
In October 1962, my middle school principal announced an emergency plan: in case of attack, those of us who lived within a mile would walk home.
That is still the longest walk I never took; half a century later, I dream about it sometimes. It is like a faded, scratchy clip from a black-and-white episode of The Twilight Zone: empty streets; sirens echoing off walls.
Then a flash of light.
The New York Times has called the confrontation with North Korea “a ‘Cuban missile crisis in slow motion.’” But I haven’t had a chance to worry about that yet. I am still too scared by what happened on and after April 6, the day President Trump decided to throw cruise missiles at Syria. The use of military force against another country is a huge legal event. Trump has literally treated this solemn decision like a round of golf at Mar-a-Lago, and the courtiers and commentators have fallen into line.
The wise heads assure us that the Syria intervention is a good thing for all concerned. I have my doubts, but my expertise doesn’t run to the intricacies of Middle East policy.
But I do know something about law. What terrifies me about Trump’s apparently impulsive decision to strike at Syria is that it appears to be illegal under U.S. and international law; that the president will not deign to explain why he thinks his actions were within the law; and that the same wise heads TV and newspaper heads—the green-room crowd of lawmakers, think-tankers, and newspaper columnists who tell us all what to think—display no interest in the issue. Leaders of Congress display no enthusiasm for discharging their constitutional responsibility to decide when the country may go to war.
Instead of challenging the legal basis of the strike, the institutions we regard as “checks” on the president have simply fawned and simpered.
Military force is dangerous; its lawless use is even more dangerous. The constitutional and statutory constraints on the war power, as interpreted in practice over the past 75 years, already afford a president broad leeway to send American forces into harm’s way; but Trump has now blown past the few constraints that remain.
And nobody is calling him on that.
President Trump, after watching televised footage of a gas attack on the rebel-held city of Khan Sheikhoun, ordered U.S. forces to strike at a Syrian Air Force base. That was not an attack on the United States. Trump did not request authorization from Congress. He also did not seek authorization from the United Nations Security Council; he did not consult with the NATO allies who have been supporting U.S. military operations elsewhere in the Middle East.
Let’s be clear about the strike against Syria. It is not and cannot be part of the ongoing “war” the U.S. is waging against the successors of the Taliban and Al Qaeda. Syria’s armed forces aren’t part of Al Qaeda or any of its successors; the 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force doesn’t cover Syria. By launching missiles against Bashar al Assad’s military, Trump was crossing an important legal line.
Under the Constitution, the crossing of that line must, either at the time or soon afterwards, involve both of the “political branches” of the government—Congress and the President. Tiresome as it may be to reminded of this, Article I § 8 cl. 11 gives to Congress, not the President, the power “to declare war””—that is, to begin hostilities against another country. The President is designated by Article II § 2 cl. 1 as “commander in chief” of the armed forces. By implication—and, from what we can tell from the founding-era materials, by design—this gives a president power to respond to emergencies and what James Madison called “sudden attacks.” This, however, is a narrow, temporary exception to Congress’s plenary power over war and peace, not a backdoor to full-scale warfare.
Some people believe War Powers Resolution changes this constitutional calculus—“giving” the President power to commit military forces for up to 60 days. It doesn’t. The Resolution in its first section repeats that the president’s commander-in-chief powers are properly “exercised only pursuant to (1) a declaration of war, (2) specific statutory authorization, or (3) a national emergency created by attack upon the United States, its territories or possessions, or its armed forces.” The 60-day limit is an additional limit, not a blank check for short wars.
In a War Powers letter to Congress, Trump said, “I directed this action in order to degrade the Syrian military’s ability to conduct further chemical weapons attacks and to dissuade the Syrian regime from using or proliferating chemical weapons, thereby promoting the stability of the region and averting a worsening of the region’s current humanitarian catastrophe. I acted in the vital national security and foreign policy interests of the United States, pursuant to my constitutional authority to conduct foreign relations and as Commander in Chief and Chief Executive.”
I don’t know about you, but I can’t extract a legal rationale from that. So far, the biggest nod to law that I have seen is a set of “talking points” issued to administration press relations officials.
Trump hasn’t bothered. And nobody in official Washington has made him pay the slightest price for it.
American domestic law is not the only limit on a president’s power. The United States is bound by the United Nations Charter (a treaty ratified by Congress and incorporated into U.S. law by statute) to “refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state” without the explicit permission of the United Nations Security Council. The only exception is for immediate cases of “collective or individual self-defense” against armed attack “until the Security Council has taken the measures necessary to maintain international peace and security.” The attack on Syria was not authorized by the Security Council; the United States did not even ask for authorization. It is not a response to an  armed attack against the United States; it’s not an act of self-defense by a collective body. In fact, what is most striking about the international aspects of the Syria mission is the utter contempt it displayed for the U.N., for America’s allies, and for NATO.
That matches the contempt Trump has shown for the American people. Bill Clinton and Barack Obama both crossed the line of executive authority in war matters—Clinton in Kosovo in 1999 and Obama in Libya in 2014. But at least, both presidents provided comprehensive public explanations of the legal authority they claimed for the strikes.
The first thing a president should do—and, as far as I can tell, every president before Trump has done after an intervention like this—is explain himself to the nation. What was the objective of the intervention? When will it end? How will we know whether it has succeeded? Administration officials’ explanations to the press have been varied and inconsistent: deterring new uses of chemical weapons, degrading Syria’s capability to produce more weapons, giving voice to international outrage to Assad’s crimes, and, finally (and most plausibly) simply expressing Trump’s personal outrage at televised images of dead children.
In fact, Trump seems to believe the use of force is his personal prerogative—involving his emotional needs and what he recently called “my military.” The closest thing we have gotten to a plan for the Syrian situation has come from U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley: “If he needs to do more, he will do more.”
To be clear: there’s a case that Trump actually had the authority to take action in Syria. I don’t agree with it, but I respect those who do. There is, in my judgment, no case that Trump doesn’t need to explain to Congress and the nation what he has done with America’s armed forces, why he believes it was legal, what he plans to do next, and what he hopes to achieve.
On this matter, Congress and the preening “watchdogs” of the press and cable news have surrendered to Trump without firing a shot.
Why would he hesitate to do whatever he feels like the next time he is challenged?
That to me is as scary as that imagined long walk home.



ARTICLE
Talk about an impressive political about-face. In the fight over whether the government funding bill currently under negotiation would include $1.5 billion for his Great Wall, Donald Trump went from intransigent chest-thumper to panicked back-pedaler in, what, six days?
Starting last Wednesday,  President Trump had budget chief Mick Mulvaney running all over town warning that the president would not look kindly on any deal that did not fund his pet border wall—that, in fact, he might even refuse to sign such a bill. Soon, other administration members, including Homeland Security chief John Kelly and White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, were pushing the same message.
By the following Monday evening—having made zero progress with his congressional arm twisting and facing the vivid possibility of being blamed for shutting down the government—Trump had abandoned the fight. He told a gaggle of conservative media types visiting the White House that, on second thought, he would defer the wall debate to September.
Not that the outcome of this showdown was much of a surprise. Around Capitol Hill, Trump’s procuring a billion-plus for his wall in this spending agreement was considered about as likely as Bill O’Reilly’s being named executive director of  Feministing.
That said, the speed with which the president folded “like a cheap suit,” gloated one House Democratic aide) was notable. Less than a week? One would have thought that, with so much at stake, Trump would have fought the good fight for at least another day or two. Because, while the president can put a happy spin on whatever immigration-control measures may wind up in the spending deal, between the health care bill and the wall funding, lawmakers know the real score: Congress: 2, Trump: 0.
Forget the particulars of the fiscal year 2017 budget. Trump’s flubbed attempt to play the tough guy this week carries broader, longer-term implications for his relationship with Congress. Trump blew into office vowing to whip all the crooks, losers, and dummies on the Hill into shape. Fast. Only he could drain that swamp, and woe be unto all who stood in his way.    
Faced with this seething mass of presidential bombast, neither Democratic nor Republican lawmakers had any idea what to expect. Some expressed optimism. Others, horror. Most voiced anxiety. But they all recognized that Trump would need to establish his leadership chops early on. That is how the game is played in Washington. The players test one another. Challenges are issued. Bluffs are called. Power dynamics are established.
Thus far, the president has done himself no favors with his penchant for ultimatums. No matter how Trump tweets it, or what “alternative facts” he promotes, the legislative narrative of his early tenure is what it is: As with last month’s health care vote, Trump tried his my-way-or-the-highway shtick with wall funding. And, as with last month’s health care vote, Congress shrugged.
This is not, to put it mildly, an effective formula for a president’s winning the fear and/or respect of his party’s lawmakers—much less those of the opposition party.
“He just looks weak and incompetent,” observed a frustrated Republican Senate aide. “And the Democrats smell blood in the water. Why should they take him seriously on everything? Why should they stop blocking all of his nominees? All of his agenda? He’s toast.”
“Toast” may be a bit harsh. (Stale bread, maybe? Dry muffin?) But no question, the Democrats I’ve talked with in recent days weren’t feeling awed by Trump’s powers of persuasion‚—and most felt that way before he backed down on the wall. After all, they reasoned, if lawmakers from the president’s own party were willing to buck him on the health care bill, why on earth should they fear his displeasure?
With his wall threats, Trump may well have assumed he was simply playing hardball in defense of a specific campaign promise—staking out a tough opening stance from which to begin negotiations. But the president is new to Washington and has no political track record. While many voters love that about him, every power play he attempts is being watched closely, and judged sharply, by allies and adversaries alike. Whatever the particulars of a given fight, the president’s credibility and reputation are always on the line.
When his self-provoked standoff with Congress grew uncomfortable this week, Trump blinked. Again. His supporters may not care all that much. (Look to the fall, people!) Many probably didn’t even notice. But you can bet lawmakers did. And they are unlikely to forget.



ARTICLE
Democrats have become newly divided over reproductive rights as they attempt to decide who they will welcome, and who they will exclude, amid soul searching over how the party should rebuild after its 2016 loss.
Democratic leaders have tried to walk a fine line by emphasizing that the party stands for protecting women’s access to abortion, while signaling that there is still room for Democrats who oppose abortion. It’s not clear, however, whether and to what extent party leaders will tolerate any deviations, in either personal beliefs or policy stands, from full-throated support for the pro-abortion rights party platform.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer recently said the party is “strongly pro-choice,” but remains a “big-tent party,” while House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said “of course” it’s possible to be “pro-life” and a Democrat, and have the support of the Democratic Party. Tom Perez, the chair of the Democratic National committee, meanwhile is facing harsh criticism within the party for remarks widely interpreted as saying that Democrats who oppose abortion were not welcome in the party.
The question of where the party stands is a crucial one as Democrats seek to take back Congress and the White House. The American public remains divided on abortion, though a majority believe it should be legal in all or most cases. The Democratic party platform unambiguously states that women have a “right to safe and legal abortion” and promises that the party will oppose and work to overturn “laws and policies that impede a woman’s access to abortion.”
An unequivocal statement from Democratic leaders that everyone in the party must adhere to that agenda would earn support from abortion rights activists, but it could alienate potential voters and Democratic hopefuls running for office in Republican-dominated parts of the country. The result has been a party struggling to clarify its stance.
Perez acknowledged last week that Democrats won’t always be in lockstep on abortion. “If you demand fealty on every single issue, then it’s a challenge,” he said. Yet a few days later, Perez said that Democrats should support the party’s pro-abortion rights stance in a statement interpreted in and out of the party as a reversal from his earlier remarks, and a call for ideological purity on abortion.
“Every Democrat, like every American, should support a woman’s right to make her own choices about her body and her health,” Perez said, adding that “every candidate who runs as a Democrat should” share the “Democratic Party’s position on women’s fundamental rights.”
The DNC’s message on abortion may alienate red-state Democrats at a time when the party is trying to expand its reach into conservative parts of the country it may need to win over if it wants to reclaim the White House and Congress. And moderate Democrats representing red states are distancing themselves from Perez’s remarks.
“I couldn’t disagree more with what Tom Perez said, I think it’s not correct that our party should have litmus tests about who wants to join our party,” Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri, who has a 100 percent rating from Planned Parenthood Action Fund’s congressional scorecard and represents a state Donald Trump won, said in an interview. “We may disagree on various issues, and I just don’t think we should say ever anyone is not welcome in our party based on one of those issues.”
“What Mr. Perez said makes no sense to me. This is a deeply personal issue, and we should be about respecting one another,” Indiana Democratic Senator Joe Donnelly, who identifies as pro-life and has a 60 percent Planned Parenthood rating, said in an interview.
“I don’t know why we would want to start walking away from folks, like myself, who have a personal conviction on the pro-life issue,” Donnelly said. “We ought to be able to include everyone, as opposed to saying ‘no, we don’t want these folks, even though they fight with us on jobs, even though they fight with us for economic rights, even though they fight with us on healthcare.’ It just seems to me to be very, very short-sighted.”
To some extent, progressive Democrats are also divided over whether the party should embrace Democrats even if they have convictions against abortion, or make clear that there’s no place for any lawmaker unwilling to strictly adhere to the Democratic Party platform.
“Pro-life Democrats need to be welcomed into our party,” said Jane Kleeb, the Nebraska Democratic Party Chair and a board member of Our Revolution, the group that formed out of the embers of the Bernie Sanders presidential campaign. Kleeb added that “Tom Perez  put every Democrat who is leading our party at the nationwide and statewide level in a very difficult position” by issuing a statement “that is now being interpreted as him saying he does not accept pro-life Democrats in the party.”
Kleeb, who identifies as pro-choice and progressive, said she was not consulted by Perez before he put out the statement, and called the DNC afterward to register her disappointment. “I think the demonizing of people who are pro-life is deplorable,” she added.
Erin Matson, a self-described progressive Democrat and feminist, had a very different reaction to what Perez had to say, and welcomed his statement.
“It was great to see Perez discover a spine,” she said, though she added that “Schumer and Pelosi’s recent comments are cowardly.” Matson, who works as a reproductive rights advocate based in Virginia, put it this way: “It’s about policy, not feelings or labels, and anything less than a bold stance that makes clear that the Democratic Party must be united in protecting a woman’s right to an abortion is a betrayal of a core constituency of the party.” Spokespeople for Schumer and Pelosi declined to elaborate on their views, though both lawmakers have a 100 percent Planned Parenthood rating.
Perez’s pointed and controversial statement came after abortion rights advocacy organization NARAL Pro-Choice America criticized the DNC last week for what the group called its embrace of an “anti-choice candidate” in response to news that Sanders, one of the most high-profile figures in progressive politics, and Deputy Democratic National Committee Chair Representative Keith Ellison would attend a rally alongside Heath Mello, a self-described “personally pro-life” Democratic mayoral candidate in Nebraska.
NARAL President Ilyse Hogue warned that “if Democrats think the path forward following the 2016 election is to support candidates who substitute their own judgement and ideology for that of their female constituents, they have learned all the wrong lessons and are bound to lose.” Perez’s subsequent comments that every Democrat “should support a woman’s right to make her own choices,” drew quick praise from NARAL. “Women across the country … are breathing a sigh of relief to know that the DNC has our backs,” Hogue said in response.
It’s hard to pin down exactly how far Democratic leaders are willing to go to enforce a pro-abortion rights stance within the party, however.  When reached for comment, an aide to Perez said that the DNC Chair doesn’t support a litmus test on abortion, and that he has never said he doesn’t support pro-life candidates.
As long as Trump is president, the DNC will face more pressure to define the direction of the party than it would if a Democrat was in the White House. The fact that Democrats lack a clear leader means that mixed messages and competing priorities may lead to confusion over what the party stands for as leaders in Congress, at the DNC, and advocacy groups all attempt to ensure the party does what they want.
Still, the debate over whether Democrats opposed to abortion are welcome in the party may obscure the extent to which there is common ground within the party on reproductive rights.   
Sofia Jawed-Wessel, a professor at the University of Nebraska Omaha and a reproductive rights activist who supports the Mello campaign, said in an interview that initial reports characterizing Mello’s record on abortion in national media outlets when news broke that Sanders would appear at a rally with him, and subsequent backlash from reproductive rights groups, created a misleading picture of the candidate.
Mello, she said, may be “personally pro-life,” but the way he has campaigned suggests he is now also “politically pro-choice.” Jawed-Wessel added that the candidate made clear long before the national controversy that erupted last week that he supports Planned Parenthood, and would fight to defend it, and defend women’s access to reproductive health care if elected.
A bill Mello supported in 2009 requiring women to be informed of their right to request a list of ultrasound providers prior to getting an abortion, and which he described as a “positive first step to reducing the number of abortions in Nebraska” has received the most media attention.  But while Mello may have legislated based on his “personally pro-life,” convictions  in the past, Jawed-Wessel believes that is not how he would govern now. Last week, Mello told The Huffington Post that his Catholic faith informs his personal beliefs, but vowed that he “would never do anything to restrict access to reproductive health care” if elected mayor.
That kind of nuance may get lost when partisans and pundits rush to assign labels like pro-life and pro-choice to politicians. Prominent Catholic Democrats  like Virginia Senator Tim Kaine and former Vice President Joe Biden have also tried to strike a balance between personal conviction and party orthodoxy. “I accept my church’s position on abortion,” Biden said during the 2012 vice presidential debate, “but I refuse to impose it … I just refuse to impose that on others.”
“I think some of this confusion is that people don’t understand that being pro-choice and pro-life are not mutually exclusive. An individual can find abortion morally problematic, but still support a person’s right to choice without government interference,” Jawed-Wessel said.
Not everyone may agree with that assessment, but polling indicates that labels like pro-choice and pro-life fail to capture the full spectrum of voter sentiment. According to a Vox survey from 2015, 39 percent of Americans don’t identify as only “pro-life” or “pro-choice,” a larger percentage than either the 32 percent of respondents who called themselves “pro-choice” or the 26 percent who described themselves as “pro-life.”  A majority of Americans, at 59 percent, support legal abortions, according to Pew Research Center data, despite the fact that 44 percent of Americans say abortion is morally wrong.
That spectrum, and the complexity it creates, makes it more likely that Democrats will end up talking past one another, and that rifts will deepen as a result.
Some reproductive rights advocates feel that Democratic leaders, and Sanders in particular, who has a 100 percent Planned Parenthood rating and championed womens’ rights during his presidential primary, have not done enough to connect reproductive rights to a message of economic populism or articulated that reproductive healthcare, including abortion access, is a prerequisite for economic equality. “Sanders has made it sound like reproductive rights are negotiable. That is wrong, and he will face protest until he includes reproductive justice in his economic justice message,” Matson said.
A spokesman for Sanders pointed to the senator’s recent comments on Face the Nation saying he hopes Mello wins, and will do everything in his power to “see that Republicans do not get away with their horrific effort to defund Planned Parenthood.” When Sanders was asked on MSNBC last month if Democrats should be open to “candidates that may not be rigidly pro-choice,” his answer was “yes.”
A spokesman for Ellison, who also appeared at the Mello rally last week, said that while the congressman “disagrees with Mello’s past positions on abortion rights, Heath has made it clear that as Mayor he will stand up for women’s rights.” In his statement released last week, Perez added that support for “a woman’s right to make her own choices about her body and her health” is “not negotiable and should not change city by city or state by state.”
There’s also tension within the party over whether it should be acceptable for policy makers to talk about abortion as something that should be legal, and freely available, but also minimized. “I think there are a lot of policies and bills that we could talk about that both lift up women’s access to women’s reproductive rights and decrease abortions where Democrats could find common ground,” Kleeb said.
Reproductive rights activists argue, however, that any suggestion that policy should seek to decrease the number of abortions that take place creates harmful social stigma. “There are exactly as many abortions as there need to be,” Matson said. “If anything I worry that people are getting turned away from the care they need because of funding restrictions.”
As for whether any kind of shift is underway on abortion, however, even activists who identify as pro-life and Democrat, aren’t holding out much hope that the party is poised to change its position on abortion anytime soon.  
“The Democratic Party has to look in the mirror and say, where did we go wrong? What do we need to do to start winning again?” said Kristen Day, the executive director of Democrats for Life of America. “This is one of those issues where the party could expand its coalition. I do have some optimism. The fact that we’re having this discussion at all is important, and potentially an opportunity to create space for pro-life Democrats within the party, but so far it doesn’t seem like that’s the direction the party will take.”



ARTICLE
President Trump has backed away from his campaign pledges to “immediately terminate” an Obama-era program shielding undocumented immigrants from deportation. But that doesn’t mean that they aren’t at risk of being deported.
More than 750,000 undocumented immigrants have received temporary protection from deportation under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program created by former President Barack Obama. The program allows undocumented immigrants who were brought to the United States as children to live and work in the United States.
Since Trump took office, the future of the program has been in doubt. In February, as part of the administration's ramping up of immigration-enforcement efforts, the Department of Homeland Security released memos increasing the number of undocumented immigrants prioritized for deportation. The directives include individuals convicted of a crime, charged with a crime but not convicted, and those who have “committed acts that constitute a chargeable criminal offense.”
Meanwhile, Trump has largely stayed mum on the DACA program, raising questions about whether he’ll undo Obama’s executive order and whether DACA recipients are at risk of deportation. The answer appears to be that while he won’t formally rescind DACA, the program’s beneficiaries nevertheless face the possibility of deportation.
Striking a sympathetic tone, Trump recently told the Associated Press that DACA recipients should “rest easy” under his immigration policies, echoing his February statement that he would “deal with DACA with heart.”
Those remarks were a departure from his campaign statements. DHS also left the program intact in directives released this year. Still, that doesn’t necessarily leave DACA recipients off the hook. Attorney General Jeff Sessions told ABC News’ George Stephanopoulos Sunday “everyone that enters the country unlawfully is subject to being deported.”
Indeed, under the program’s original guidelines, recipients can have their DACA status revoked and as a result, be deported. Following the deportation of Juan Manuel Montes, who is reported to be the first DACA recipient removed from the country under the Trump administration, the department released a statement, saying Montes had “lost his DACA status when he left the United States without advance parole on an unknown date prior to his arrest by the U.S. Border Patrol on Feb. 19, 2017.”
DACA recipients are eligible for deportation if they leave the country without receiving advanced permission. U.S. Citizen and Immigration Services requires members to apply for advance parole in order to travel outside of the country, and only allows them to do so if travel fits certain criteria, including humanitarian, educational, or employment purposes.
“If you don’t get this advanced permission, known as advance parole, then by leaving the country you have effectively abandoned your DACA status,” said Stephen Yale-Loehr, a professor of immigration law practice at Cornell Law School. “If you return, you are returning illegally and therefore you can be subject to deportation proceedings.”
Deportation relief is not equivalent to legal status, notes Dree Collopy, an immigration lawyer in Washington, D.C. But enforcement action against them was largely avoided under the Obama administration.
“Generally, these people weren’t going to be priorities to begin with. They’re generally going to be younger people who have been here for a long time and have no criminal record,” said John Sandweg, who previously served as the acting director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement. “They’re not somebody we wanted ICE agents to waste time on.” With the finite resources ICE has, the population is not one an administration wants “to waste resources on from an enforcement perspective,” he added.
In 2014, then-DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson announced that the administration would focus on removing undocumented immigrants with criminal records. This would exclude DACA members since to qualify, individuals cannot be “convicted of a felony, a significant misdemeanor, three or more other misdemeanors,” or “pose a threat to national security or public safety.” U.S. Citizen and Immigration Services, which grants DACA status, advises Customs and Border Patrol and ICE to “exercise their discretion on a case-by-case basis to prevent qualifying individuals from being apprehended, placed into removal proceedings, or removed.” DHS Secretary John Kelly has said his agency is not targeting DACA recipients, though some have been arrested in recent weeks.
In February, U.S. immigration officials arrested Daniel Ramirez Medina, a DACA recipient. ICE said Ramirez was detained “based on his admitted gang affiliation and risk to public safety.” His lawyers dispute that. “Mr. Ramirez unequivocally denies being in a gang. While in custody, he was repeatedly pressured by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents to falsely admit affiliation. The statement issued tonight by Ms. Richeson of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement is inaccurate,” said Mark Rosenbaum, Ramirez’ attorney, in February. Ramirez was released in late March after posting bond.
While Trump may not have eliminated the program, the “sacrosanct nature of DACA recipients has been diminished,” Sandweg said. There are few known cases of the administration apprehending Dreamers. (About 10, according to United We Dream, an immigration advocacy group that’s been monitoring cases.) But the the arrests of DACA recipients shows that they can no longer count on being spared from deportation.



ARTICLE
President Trump is reportedly mulling an executive order to withdraw the United States from the North American Free Trade Agreement, a major trade deal with Canada and Mexico that reshaped broad sections of the U.S. economy after going into effect in 1994. But it might not be as easy to get out of NAFTA as Trump may think.
The president’s aversion toward multilateral trade agreements placed him in a similar ideological camp as pro-Brexit voters in Britain, who narrowly won a referendum last year to withdraw their country from the European Union. Trump celebrated the result at the time and claimed he successfully predicted it, even referring to himself as “Mr. Brexit.” For him and his supporters, the surprise result across the Atlantic showed their upset victory could also be possible. It additionally demonstrated a broader populist backlash against establishment institutions.
Britain’s experience also illustrates how Trump might not be able to carry out his own Amerexit from the free-trade agreement he’s so frequently criticized. To understand the difference, look no further than Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union, which establishes the legal mechanism by which a country can withdraw from the European bloc.

1. Any Member State may decide to withdraw from the Union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements.

2. A Member State which decides to withdraw shall notify the European Council of its intention. In the light of the guidelines provided by the European Council, the Union shall negotiate and conclude an agreement with that State, setting out the arrangements for its withdrawal, taking account of the framework for its future relationship with the Union. That agreement shall be negotiated in accordance with Article 218(3) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. It shall be concluded on behalf of the Union by the Council, acting by a qualified majority, after obtaining the consent of the European Parliament.

3. The Treaties shall cease to apply to the State in question from the date of entry into force of the withdrawal agreement or, failing that, two years after the notification referred to in paragraph 2, unless the European Council, in agreement with the Member State concerned, unanimously decides to extend this period.

Setting aside the legalese, Article 50 is essentially a ticking time bomb with a two-year fuse. First, a country formally notifies the European Council of its intent to withdraw. This may seem largely procedural since no country would decide to leave without a referendum or parliamentary vote of some kind. But the intent to withdraw isn’t really about informing European leaders; it’s about starting the two-year countdown. Once time is up, the country is out.
We’re seeing this play out in real time with Brexit. The moment Prime Minister Theresa May sent European Council President Donald Tusk a letter informing him of the U.K.’s formal intent to withdraw on March 29, it opened a 24-month window for Britain and Europe to negotiate the country’s orderly withdrawal. Ideally, both sides would reach an agreement before that window closes. But Britain will be severed from the European Union in two years whether they reach one or not. (The two sides can extend the deadline, but it’s not clear if all 27 European countries would agree to one unless a final deal were imminent.)
The equivalent text in the North American Free Trade Agreement, on the other hand, is less dramatic.

Article 2205: Withdrawal

A Party may withdraw from this Agreement six months after it provides written notice of withdrawal to the other Parties. If a Party withdraws, the Agreement shall remain in force for the remaining Parties.

Under Article 50, the EU treaties “shall cease to apply” once the two-year transition period ends. Under Article 2205, however, a participating country “may withdraw” from the agreement once the six-month period ends. That’s no small difference: The first phrasing sets forth that a country must withdraw, while the second one indicates that a country can withdraw.
Jon Johnson, an adviser to the Canadian government during the original NAFTA negotiations, described this crucial phrasing earlier this year as a potential barrier for Trump’s unilateral action. “Under the plain wording of NAFTA Article 2205, providing the written notice is simply a condition that a party has to fulfill before it proceeds to withdraw from NAFTA,” he wrote. “Providing the notice does not have the effect of causing a party to withdraw from NAFTA.”
What’s more, Trump might not have the lawful authority to yank the United States out of the agreement—it’s a matter of debate. Many experts believe that, under Section 125 of the Trade Act of 1974, the president possesses the authority to unilaterally withdraw from trade agreements, including NAFTA. But it’s somewhat uncharted legal territory, and not all agree. Since Congress enacted NAFTA’s provisions by passing a federal law called the Implementation Act, Johnson argues, which doesn’t grant the president the power to withdraw from NAFTA unilaterally, he can’t act on his own. “Since NAFTA was approved by Congress under the authority expressly granted to Congress under the Commerce Clause, it follows that only Congress has the power to reverse that approval and cause the United States to withdraw from NAFTA,” he concludes.
That could forestall Trump from attempting a Brexit of his own. In Britain, the decision to leave the EU was ultimately up to Theresa May. But in North America, a different “may” could still keep the United States in NAFTA.



ARTICLE
A proposed draft executive order that would pull the United States out of the North American Free Trade Agreement set off the latest round in a now-familiar series in Trump’s White House: The friction of Donald Trump’s nationalist campaign promises against the reality of governance, and the tension between moderating forces within the White House and more aggressive ideological purists.
The draft of the executive order, its existence first reported by Politico, is “in advanced stages of the process,” a senior White House official told me on Wednesday afternoon. But on Wednesday evening, the White House released a readout of a call between President Trump, President Pena Nieto of Mexico, and Prime Minister Trudeau of Canada, saying that Trump had “agreed not to terminate NAFTA at this time.” It quoted Trump as saying: “It is my privilege to bring NAFTA up to date at this time,” and said the three leaders had agreed to embark on renegotiation of the deal.
Earlier on Wednesday, The New York Times had reported that Trump was likely to sign the order; the president “wants to be more aggressive on trade, economic nationalism, America first,” the senior White House official told me. It’s still unclear what exactly is in the draft and how it would trigger the U.S. pulling out of the agreement, which requires six months notice before one of the signatories can withdraw.
As a candidate who ran on protectionist trade policy, one of Trump’s main bêtes noires was NAFTA, which he has called the “worst trade deal ever approved in this country.” Trump’s rhetoric on NAFTA helped endear him to the white working class voters in formerly manufacturing-heavy areas who helped put him in the White House. He has repeatedly promised to renegotiate the agreement, and if all else fails, pull out altogether. Early on in his administration, Trump lived up to one trade-related campaign promise by pulling the U.S. out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
But in the early days of his administration, Trump had shown signs of moderating on trade, or at least of entertaining more moderate views. Reports leaked out of a “civil war” over trade, with nationalist ideologues like Bannon and National Trade Council chief Peter Navarro on one side, and Wall Street-connected centrists like National Economic Council head Gary Cohn on the other. And a draft letter to Congress that leaked to the media appeared to show a more moderate posture towards NAFTA, suggesting less dramatic changes to the agreement and not proposing ditching it altogether.
The senior White House official told me that Cohn and his allies had been against this draft executive order on NAFTA. Cohn has been seen as one of the key figures in the faction associated with Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner and daughter Ivanka Trump; infighting between this faction and Bannon recently spilled into public view. The conventional wisdom had been that the Kushner allies came out as the victors, with Bannon’s fall from grace representing the sidelining of the populist nationalism Trump espoused as a candidate. Bannon was removed from his seat on the principals’ committee of the National Security Council, and Trump himself chastised the chief strategist publicly, saying in interviews that Bannon had joined his campaign late and that it was Trump who led the White House’s strategy, not Bannon.
But despite weeks of Washington gossip assuming Bannon’s imminent downfall, Bannon is still there. And whether or not the order is signed,  that it is even being considered ups the ante on the administration’s posture towards U.S. trading partners following increasingly heated rhetoric from the administration. Trump has become increasingly aggressive towards Canada, imposing a tariff on Canadian lumber.
"People don't realize Canada's been very rough on the United States,” Trump told a meeting of agricultural leaders on Tuesday. “They've outsmarted our politicians for years."
“Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!” Trump tweeted on Tuesday.
Just last week, Trump told the AP in an interview that he was either going to renegotiate or terminate NAFTA, and that “If they don't treat fairly, I am terminating NAFTA.”
Bannon and Navarro reportedly wrote the draft of the order. Navarro is a trade protectionist academic who has sounded the drumbeat against China for years. The executive orders in which Bannon has had the largest hand haven’t had a great success rate; the first and second iterations of the travel ban targeting mostly Muslim nations did not stand up to legal challenges.
It’s also unclear whether Trump really could have unilaterally pulled out of NAFTA without congressional approval; a recent study by a Canadian think tank concluded that he cannot. But politically, the fact that the order came close to being signed could be a signal that Bannon is not a spent force, the nationalist wing remains influential in the White House.



ARTICLE
The White House is preparing an executive order formally withdrawing the United States from the North American Free Trade Agreement, according to media reports. President Trump revealed a one-page plan to overhaul the tax code that would reduce rates for businesses and individuals. All 100 U.S. senators visited the White House for a classified briefing on North Korea’s nuclear capabilities and U.S. response options. Trump misidentified the court that blocked his executive order withholding funding for so-called “sanctuary cities.” The House Freedom Caucus said it supports a Republican health-care plan that would allow states to apply to opt out of several Obamacare regulations.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

We’re Exempt: Republicans are mulling a new amendment to their health-care bill that would allow states to opt out of some Obamacare rules. While conservative lawmakers support the amendment, they don’t “seem to like it enough to have it apply to themselves and their staff.” (Sarah Kliff, Vox)
‘Young Populists’: Populist messages from political candidates in France and the U.S. “seem to captivate the younger generation,” writes Kristen Soltis Anderson. Clearly, the case for free trade and globalism hasn’t been successfully made to young people. (Washington Examiner)
The Swamp Is Winning: Despite his promises to “drain the swamp,” President Trump owes some of his first big accomplishments, like the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch to the U.S. Supreme Court, to insider politics. (Ben Smith, BuzzFeed)
‘Reverend Resistance’: Reverend William Barber II, a North Carolina preacher, has a mission to take on Donald Trump. He gained national prominence last year after giving a powerful speech at the Democratic National Convention. Could he be the leader the Trump opposition movement needs? (Tommy Tomlinson, Esquire)
Trudeau Weighs In on Trump: Bloomberg spoke with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau about the rise of Donald Trump and the future of trade with the United States. “I’ve learned that [Trump] listens,” Trudeau said. “He is a little bit unlike many politicians. That might be enough.” (John Micklethwait)
‘Did Trump Do That?’: Test your knowledge of President Trump’s first 100 days in office with this quiz. (Priya Krishnakumar, The Los Angeles Times)
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner has been a D.C. tradition since 1921, with journalists and administration officials coming together once a year to eat, drink, and roast the current president. President Trump won’t be attending this year’s dinner, which takes place on Saturday, but he did attend the dinner in 2011, when then-President Obama made a few jokes at Trump’s expense.
What jokes or moments stand out to you from past dinners?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
The Trump administration won’t try to wreck the Affordable Care Act on its own quite yet, telling Democrats it plans to continue making payments to health insurers considered crucial for the law’s stability.
Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff, informed Democratic leaders of the administration’s plans by phone on Wednesday in an effort to resolve one of the final obstacles in negotiations over legislation to keep the government open past Friday. It was the second about-face for the White House in the budget talks this week; on Monday night the president said he would back off a demand for a down payment from Congress for his southern border wall.
“Our major concerns in these negotiations have been about funding for the wall and uncertainty about the [cost-sharing reduction] payments crucial to the stability of the marketplaces under the Affordable Care Act,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said Wednesday afternoon. “We’ve now made progress on both of these fronts.” Pelosi said there were other issues that remained unresolved in the spending-bill talks, but the prospect of a government shutdown has decreased. If by Friday Congress doesn’t pass an omnibus appropriations bill funding the government through September, lawmakers are expected to approve a stopgap measure to buy them some more time.
The subsidies help insurers offset the cost of covering older and sicker customers under the law, which bans discrimination based on age or preexisting medical conditions. But they have been the subject of litigation since 2014, when House Republicans filed a lawsuit alleging that the Obama administration was making the payments without the express authorization of Congress. The House won an initial victory in the case, and Trump has twice threatened to withhold the payments—first as leverage to get Democrats to cooperate with efforts to repeal Obamacare and then in a bid to win their support for funding the wall.
But the White House has now backed off both times, in part because it is under pressure both from the insurance industry and from some Republican lawmakers, who fear a political backlash if their constituents suffer premium increases or lose their insurance as a result of the missed payments.
Conservatives, on the other hand, were unhappy with the reversal. “The Constitution provides that ‘No money may be drawn from the Treasury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law.’ Congress has made no appropriation for Obamacare cost-sharing reduction payments,” said Representative Mark Walker of North Carolina, chairman of the conservative Republican Study Committee. “Therefore, we believe making these payments without congressional approval is both clearly illegal and unconstitutional, as the district court held in House v. Price.” Democrats have already criticized the Trump administration for trying to undermine Obamacare in other ways even as Republicans stumbled in their efforts to repeal it. But withholding the subsidy payments was seen as far more damaging to the law’s short-term stability.
The move on Wednesday was not a total victory for Democrats, however. Pelosi and other lawmakers had pushed for the spending bill they’re now negotiating to include language requiring the administration to continue the subsidies. The White House rejected that demand, with budget chief Mick Mulvaney saying the president would not sign legislation with that provision included. So while the administration has decided to continue the Obamacare payments on its own, there’s nothing to stop it from halting them down the road.



ARTICLE
“Figure out a way to change the state that you live in.” That was the controversial advice White House budget director Mick Mulvaney offered to those worried about a proposal that would allow states to repeal required essential health benefits in health-insurance plans. That provision didn’t quite make it into the last round of the Republicans’ effort to repeal and replace Obamacare, and Mulvaney later clarified that he was urging citizens to persuade their legislators to enact changes where they lived, not encouraging them to move. But the soundbite, endlessly replayed on cable news, became a rallying point for the plan’s opponents. If Americans want their insurance to cover things like maternity care, hospital stays, or mental health under the future written by the American Health Care Act, they warned, they might soon have to pack up and move to another state.
The last round of Republican negotiations on the AHCA died last month in the House, driven by defections both among the ultra-conservative Freedom Caucus, who balked at the elements of Obamacare individual cost controls that it maintained, and also by moderates, who thought that the controls the law cut were too draconian, especially for their working-class base. But President Trump and congressional Republicans have renewed negotiations on the AHCA in recent weeks, hoping to mollify the rebellious Freedom Caucus with more conservative additions to the bill. A new proposed amendment from Rep. Tom MacArthur might accomplish just that, but in the process might actually be the final nail in the bill’s second coffin.
The amendment is rather plain in its language and what it seeks to accomplish. It would allow states to opt out of federal essential health benefits requirements for exchange plans and create their own requirements, which could allow more insurers to sell barebones plans on the tax-subsidized marketplaces. MacArthur’s amendment would also allow states that participate in the AHCA’s high-risk-pool funding mechanism to waive some parts of Obamacare’s “community rating,” including the parts that  protect people from higher costs because of pre-existing conditions and limit the premium multiplier for older people. While the law doesn’t allow insurers to bar coverage for sick and elderly people, it doesn’t limit how much they can be charged, which means they can be functionally priced out of coverage.
While MacArthur’s provisions today gained the fealty of the troublesome Freedom Caucus, when leader Mark Meadows gave his stamp of approval to the amendment, they don’t actually address the issues that have turned public support and likely the majority of the Senate against the bill, and introduce some more potential process and policy snags.
To start, the AHCA’s main policy flaw—and one that seemed to blindside the Republicans who wrote it—was the fact that its combination of removing the cost controls and eliminating the income adjustment for the ACA’s insurance subsidies, and its allowance of a wider age-rating scheme that allows older people to be charged more for insurance would dramatically and almost comically inflate costs for older low-income people, sometimes by as much as ten times their current premium amounts. Since average statewide insurance costs are not accounted for in the original AHCA subsidy framework, the amount people are charged for insurance could differ by thousands of dollars simply based on their zip code. MacArthur’s amendment not only fails to address those issues, it makes them worse, as there is no hard limit to the age-rating or the other relaxations of insurance-rating schemes.
The ACA’s ban on denying people coverage for pre-existing conditions has long been a sticking point among voters, Democrats, and moderate Republicans, and this amendment also challenges that strong constituency. While it doesn’t quite overturn the ban, it does essentially allow states to do so by letting insurers price people with pre-existing conditions out of the market. This extreme is probably unlikely, since states would then have to deal with the resultant political backlash, but allowing insurers to charge more for sicker people would certainly be back on the table. These tend to be the older and lower-income people who would already be pushed to the margins by the AHCA’s rating schemes. Additionally, MacArthur plans to exempt members of Congress and their staffs from the provisions, which probably won’t play well politically.
While it doesn’t change the AHCA’s provisions to scale back the federal commitment to Medicaid, the amendment does interact with those provisions to create a strange dynamic for federalism. In allowing states to define almost all of the core parameters of what might amount to a half-trillion-dollar federal investment in the form of health-insurance subsidies while also reducing incentives for price gouging and decreasing the “skin in the game” among states to cover people left out or stabilize state health-care systems, MacArthur’s plan essentially incentivizes insurers and states to raid federal coffers, which makes it an odd proposal to win the backing of the fiscally-conservative Freedom Caucus.
Some states might decide to allow insurers to sell plans with minimum actuarial value, thus bringing in federal subsidies for as many healthy citizens as possible. With a reduced federal requirement to take care of the sicker, older people who might enter the ranks of Medicaid without subsidized insurance, states would be rather free to let insurers simply price them out of all affordable insurance altogether. It’s even more of a boondoggle in favor of insurers, healthy people, and wealthy people than the AHCA was originally, all on the federal dime.
While this amendment might help the AHCA get more traction in the House—and that’s still far from certain since moderate Republicans in the chamber appear unswayed—it seems even less likely than before to advance through the Senate. Not only have Senate Republicans been much less welcoming to the bill’s scorched-earth and unpopular insurance provisions than their House counterparts, MacArthur’s amendment may jeopardize the mechanism intended to pass the law. Republicans are using reconciliation in this budgetary process to sidestep the possibility of a Democratic filibuster in the Senate, but that mechanism can usually only be used on concrete budgetary items. The state opt-outs in this amendment are murky at best for reconciliation, and could very well fail the test of the Senate parliamentarian before the bill even comes to a vote.
Indeed, for all the talk on the Hill and the renewed energy behind Republican health reform, the goal of changes like the MacArthur amendment seems not to pass a workable nationwide law, but to provide some narrow political victories. Its construction suggests that Republicans still don’t have an Obamacare replacement that can satiate the appetite for repeal on the right without simply taking coverage away from millions of Americans. While anything is still possible in the House and Senate, actually fixing health care still seems beyond reach for Republicans right now.



ARTICLE
On the day after Donald Trump was inaugurated, perhaps 3 million Americans took to the streets in peaceful protest to register their opposition. When news of his travel ban broke, I stood at LAX watching Angelenos sing the Star Spangled Banner and Amazing Grace. Across the nation, peaceful protest against President Trump continues. But a violent fringe has been using Trump’s rise as a justification for political violence, as if his authoritarian impulses justify authoritarianism from his opponents.
This tiny faction knows that most of their compatriots on the left are committed to nonviolence, so they frame their aggressive actions as a narrow exception to the rule.
Most famously, they insisted that it was okay, or even righteous, to punch white supremacist Richard Spencer because he was “a Nazi.” That position impels the debate down a slippery slope. And now, activists in Oregon caused the cancellation of the 82nd Avenue of Roses Parade, a community event in the southeast quadrant of Portland, by threatening to forcibly drag “fascists” off the parade route if they weren’t excluded.
Who exactly did they want removed from the parade? The local Republican Party of Multonomah County. The Oregonian reports on the threat the leftists sent to organizers:

"You have seen how much power we have downtown and that the police cannot stop us from shutting down roads so please consider your decision wisely," the anonymous email said, telling organizers they could cancel the Republican group's registration or else face action from protesters.

The email went on to speculate that right-wing extremists would march among the Republicans, and warned, “we will have two hundred or more people rush into the parade into the middle and drag and push those people out as we will not give one inch to groups who espouse hatred toward lgbt, immigrants, people of color or others.”
A local alt-weekly quoted from a Facebook event page describing a perhaps different planned protest––its authors say that they did not send the threatening email––which stated:

The fascists know that we'll keep shutting their marches down, they are now planning to march within other parades to protect their message of hate and white supremacy - it WON'T work. Nazis will not march through Portland.

The group we're disrupting is #67. It is registered to the Multnomah County Republicans, but these infiltrators are the same folks from Lake Oswego, Salem, Vancouver, and even Berkeley. These are the folks that attacked a woman at PDX, they harassed Latinx parishioners with slurs and threats at a local church, they spew hate, threaten and curse young women at women's health clinics. They seek to intimidate and harass our Latinx, Muslim and LGBTQ+ neighbors and friends. Their Trump flags, their red MAGA hats and their hate group badges are all intended to normalize support for an orange man who bragged about sexually harassing women and who is waging a war of hate, racism and prejudice against our Muslim, Latinx, Black and Native neighbors. They will attempt to march from the Eastport Plaza to Yamhill, but nazis will not march through our city.

If you missed that, one reason these protesters cite as justification for stopping Republicans on a parade route is that they will otherwise “normalize support” for a sitting president.
Organizers caved. “Following threats of violence during the Parade by multiple groups planning to demonstrate at the event, we can no longer guarantee the safety of our community and have made the difficult decision to cancel the Parade,” they stated.
The local GOP put out its own statement. It reads in part:

The Multnomah County Republican Party (MCRP) has for many years participated in the Parade, and calls upon the Mayor, the Police Chief, and the District Attorney to take action against this criminal conspiracy to commit crimes of riot and disorderly conduct in violation of Oregon law.

Under former Mayor Charlie Hales the City allowed this cancer of lawlessness to grow to the point where its leaders are now bragging, like some sort of comic book characters, that ‘the police cannot stop us’. But this is no laughing matter. The participation of political parties in public events like the Parade is not only an American tradition, but also reflects the most fundamental constitutional rights of free speech and freedom of assembly.

The road to fascism begins with armed gangs of thugs using violence to shut down opposing points of view. The question now is whether the City of Portland will be complicit in such conduct. We hope the City’s new leadership has the courage to respond to these threats appropriately.

So long as threats of violence succeed in causing events to get shut down by their risk-averse organizers, more threats will be made. One wonders who this faction on the left will next label a Nazi or a fascist in order to justify their own use of fascistic tactics.



ARTICLE
Updated on April 25 at 3:02 p.m. ET
The fate of the resurrected American Health Care Act in the House might now rest with Republican moderates.
Forgive them for not celebrating their newfound clout.
Conservative leaders of the House Freedom Caucus have struck a deal with the White House and one leading GOP moderate to back the party’s stalled replacement for the Affordable Care Act in exchange for granting states even more flexibility to wriggle out of the law’s insurance mandates. Under the proposed amendment, states could seek waivers from the federal government, allowing them to eliminate the prohibition on insurers charging higher premiums to people with pre-existing conditions and a requirement that plans cover a range of “essential health benefits,” including maternity care, mental-health treatment, emergency room visits, and hospitalization.
The Freedom Caucus has been targeting those core mandates from the start, arguing that they force insurance companies to increase premiums on all customers to pay for the sickest people. And after weeks of talks, the group’s chairman, Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina, agreed to a compromise authored by a co-chairman of the moderate Tuesday Group, Representative Tom MacArthur of New Jersey. The Freedom Caucus formally endorsed the new bill on Wednesday. Its backing could bring another 15-20 conservatives aboard and draw the GOP leadership much closer to the 216 votes it needs for passage in the House. Republicans can lose no more than 22 votes, and about a dozen moderates were publicly against the original legislation.
“We think the MacArthur amendment is a great way to lower premiums [and] give states more flexibility while protecting people with pre-existing conditions. Those are the three things we want to achieve,” Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters on Wednesday morning, after a private meeting of the House GOP. “I think it helps us get to consensus.”
Yet the speaker acknowledged they hadn’t quite reached that consensus, and without the support of enough moderates, the bill could still fall short. While MacArthur is the author of the compromise, he was already supporting the bill to begin with. A former insurance executive, he’s only beginning his second term in the House and is not seen as a driving force within the Republican conference. Another of the three co-chairmen of the Tuesday Group, Representative Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania, had come out against the GOP bill and quickly declared himself unmoved by MacArthur’s amendment. So did Representatives Dan Donovan of New York, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen of Florida, and Frank LoBiondo of New Jersey.
“It doesn’t address the concerns that I had,” Donovan told me in a phone interview on Wednesday. Representing Staten Island and a slice of southern Brooklyn, Donovan is the only House Republican from New York City, whose residents could be hit hard by provisions restricting the use of tax credits in the GOP bill. Opinions about the MacArthur amendment were mixed during a meeting of the Tuesday Group, he said. While some members liked the additional flexibility for states, “there’s others who may have balked or taken a step back” because of the changes to the pre-existing conditions guarantee, MacArthur said.
In fact, of the more than a dozen moderates who were opposed to the American Health Care Act a month ago, none have yet said the new compromise changes their mind.
And why should it? The new proposal retains the $800 billion in cuts to Medicaid that moderates are leery of supporting, and it is not likely to improve the projection of the Congressional Budget Office that 24 million fewer people would have health insurance a decade after the law’s enactment. And although Ryan pointed out that the bill would technically preserve the federal protection for people with pre-existing conditions, a firm GOP pledge, that guarantee would be worth next to nothing if states could easily seek a waiver exempting them from the mandate.
Politically, moderates have more to lose than members of the Freedom Caucus by supporting a bill that, one poll showed, fewer than one-in-five Americans supported. They are more likely to hail from more centrist and Democratic-leaning districts where support for Obamacare is stronger. In a rapid warning of the political blowback lawmakers could face, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee immediately launched digital ads attacking Republicans over a provision in the MacArthur amendment that would keep Obamacare’s consumer protections for members of Congress while allowing them to be scrapped for their constituents. Another liberal group, American Bridge, unveiled a new ad on Wednesday hitting Republicans for breaking President Trump’s promise to maintain the ban on discrimination based on pre-existing conditions.
These more pragmatic members of the House GOP now find themselves in a familiar squeeze. For years, they’ve watched the balance of power within their party in Congress drift to the right. When Republican leaders are short of votes, they often first negotiate with the more recalcitrant conservatives and then rely on the loyalty of the moderates to secure passage of the bill. On health care, conservatives have indeed moved far off their original position. The bill the Freedom Caucus, along with key outside groups like Heritage Action, FreedomWorks, and the Club for Growth, have just endorsed falls far short of a full repeal of the Affordable Care Act.
Yet there’s ample reason for moderates to remain suspicious of their colleagues. Even with the revisions under the MacArthur amendment, conservatives know the AHCA will not pass the Senate as it is currently written. But by backing the package and securing political cover from conservative activists, they can now shed the blame for its defeat, passing it off either to the Senate or the more politically vulnerable House moderates.  “There’s still more work to be done on this bill in the Senate and on further health care reforms,” said David McIntosh, president of the Club for Growth, “but any GOP moderates who stand in the way at this point are proving that they simply don’t want to keep their campaign promises to get rid of Obamacare.”
Moderates have been seeking power in the Republican conference for years. They have it now on health care, even if it feels less like real influence and more like just another piping hot potato.



ARTICLE
The idea is peppered through the writings of scholars, great thinkers, and New Atheist-types: Education is the cure for religion. Freud wrote that civilization “has little to fear from educated people and brain-workers” who have rejected religion. And “if religious instruction were not allowed until the child had attained the age of reason,” maintained Christopher Hitchens, “we would be living in a quite different world.”
New data from the Pew Research Center doesn’t disprove these claims, but it does challenge them. While Americans with college experience are overall less likely to attend services, pray on a regular basis, and say religion is very important to them, that’s not true within many faith groups. In fact, Catholic, Mormon, and Protestant college grads are all more likely to attend church on a weekly basis than their less educated peers. This was not the trend among religious minorities like Muslims and Jews, or among people who don’t affiliate with any religion at all, suggesting that education has a distinctive effect on religiosity within the world of Christianity.  
There are at least two different ways to think about the relationship between education and religiosity: how schooling affects belief, and how it affects practice. Pew’s researchers looked at data from a number of recent surveys, including their 35,000-person study of American religion from 2014. They found that educated people are generally less likely to believe in God: Among all U.S. adults, only 83 percent of college grads said they think God exists, while 92 percent of people with only a high-school degree or less said the same.
Within Christianity, though, the difference all but disappears. Among educated mainline Protestants, 96 percent said they believe in God, compared to 97 percent among the less educated; among Catholics, 98 percent of both groups said the same. Among Mormons, black Protestants, and evangelical Protestants, there was effectively no difference at all, because virtually everyone in those groups said they believe in God.
Educational differences had a much bigger effect on religious practice. Sixty-eight percent of college-educated evangelical Protestants go to church every week, compared to 55 percent of those who only went to high school. In fact, college grads show up in the church pews more often in nearly every kind of Christian tradition: Among mainline Protestants, weekly attendance was 36 to 31 percent, more educated to less; among black Protestants, 59 to 52 percent; and among Catholics, 45 to 39 percent. The effect was perhaps greatest among Mormons: 85 percent of Mormon college graduates go to church at least once a week, compared to 66 percent of their peers with a high-school education or less.
The trends in religious-minority groups are different. Among Muslims, education didn’t make much of a difference in people’s belief or practice: Roughly half of people of all levels of education attend services at least once a week, and nearly all Muslims reported believing in God. Among Jews, the effect was reversed: Roughly one-quarter of Jews with a high-school degree or less attend services every week, compared to roughly one-tenth of college-educated Jews. And 58 percent of less educated Jews believe in God, compared to less than a third of their more educated peers. As Pew points out, this effect is likely driven in part by  Orthodox Jews, who tend to be much more observant and much less educated—at least in a secular sense—than their Reform and Conservative peers.
Perhaps high-school-educated Christians feel less able to find community.
Among Christians, the pattern of educated people being more involved in their religious communities makes sense. As I’ve written before, communal involvement of all kinds is increasingly becoming a luxury good of sorts, with higher levels of income and education making people more likely to participate in activities like church, book club, parent-teacher association, and more. It could be that high-school-educated Christians feel less able to find and connect with a religious community in a broader context of financial strain, family stress, and geographic isolation. Or it could be that college-educated Christians put more of a premium on connecting with their brothers and sisters in the church.
One other data point in the Pew study that supports this theory. Among people who don’t identify with any religion in particular, very few attend religious services every week, regardless of whether they’re educated or not. But 47 percent of high-school-educated people in this group still say religion is “very” or “somewhat” important to them, and 71 percent say they believe in God. Compare that to less than a quarter of their college-educated peers who say religion matters to them, and less than half who say they believe in God. This suggests that at least some of the less educated people identify as religious but don’t have a religious community, while a majority of the more educated people simply aren’t interested in religion at all.
The unwinding of religion in America is a long and complex story, full of fits and starts and many cross currents. Survey data cannot fully tell this story. But occasionally, it can offer a useful snapshot of a certain point in time. That’s what this study offers: a quick impression of the state of religion in the United States, where education makes believers more likely to be active in their communities, not less.




ARTICLE
Any real discussion of mass incarceration is impossible without addressing racism. Michelle Alexander’s widely acclaimed book The New Jim Crow cast the criminal-justice system as a successor to slavery and segregation, one that’s hamstrung the African American community’s social and economic growth since the civil-rights movement. My colleague Ta-Nehisi Coates has explored at length how racial anxieties led white politicians to support increasingly harsher punishments for gun and drug crimes to devastating effect.
Locking Up Our Own: Crime and Punishment in Black America adds more layers to this case. (A full review of the book can be found in the upcoming June 2017 issue of this magazine.) The author, James Forman Jr., is a Yale University law professor and the son of a civil-rights icon. What he offers is an insightful history of black American leaders and their struggle to keep their communities safe from police and criminals alike. “Far from ignoring the issue of crime by blacks against other blacks, African American officials and their constituents have been consumed by it,” he writes.
What often followed, however, was a tragic embrace of punitive solutions to deep-seated social woes. “We’re going to fight drugs and crime until the drug dealer’s teeth rattle,” Atlanta Mayor Maynard Jackson insisted in the 1970s. Congressman Charlie Rangel, who represented Harlem for decades, enthusiastically took up the mantle of a drug warrior during the crack epidemic in the 1980s. Eric Holder, a federal prosecutor and later the first black U.S. attorney general, championed pretextual car stops and searches to curb gun violence during the Clinton administration.
Even while focusing on black America’s presence at the start of mass incarceration, Forman does not detach it from its roots in racist policies. If anything, he uncovers deeper ones. Black leaders in the 1970s, for example, called for “a Marshall Plan for urban America” to combat entrenched poverty and despair. They demanded social justice, stronger policing, and greater economic opportunity—and received only stronger policing in response.
Bracketing this history are Forman’s own experiences as a public defender in Washington, D.C., where he witnessed black judges and prosecutors carry out the thousands of small decisions that helped build mass incarceration. He opens with the story of a local judge who reprimands a teenage defendant with what Forman describes as “the Martin Luther King speech”—a stern lecture on how one’s failings are an insult to the civil-rights struggle—before handing the young man an excessive prison sentence. “I grew to hate the Martin Luther King speech,” Forman writes.
From both these personal experiences and the history that helped shape them, Forman uncovers the black community’s role in waging wars on crime and drugs. I spoke with him about the book, the stories behind it, and their meaning for this unusual moment in the national conversation on American law and order. Our conversation has been edited for length and clarity.
Matt Ford: What surprised you most when you were writing and researching this book?
James Forman: Let me say two things: One is a general thing, and one is something that’s more specific. I’m very critical of the system of criminal justice that has been built and its devastating impact on black communities, and I’m very critical of people like the judge who I open the book with, that story. When I went back, and I did the research, and I read transcripts, and I read op-eds, and I interviewed people, I tried to put myself in the position of looking at the world through their eyes and in their context. One of the things that I developed was a greater sense of compassion for and empathy for people with whom I disagreed or made decisions that I thought now, in retrospect, were mistakes. And it’s interesting because as a public defender, I’m always asking that people be empathetic and people be compassionate toward my client. But I realized that I wasn’t particularly empathetic at all toward someone like the judge. And I think I developed some of that through the writing. My views didn’t change. I still think the system is destructive and damaging and a human-rights violation in many ways. But I have more compassion for the people who helped to build it and understanding where they were coming from.
The more specific answer was the chapter on black policing. A few things surprised me about it. One is for how long into the past the demand for more black police officers had been on the civil-rights agenda. I found Martin Luther King, Sr. saying in 1947 that the 105,000 Negroes of Atlanta needed and deserved one Negro officer. I didn’t know it went back that far. I also was surprised because I didn’t know that there were so many different rationales that had been asserted over time for why we needed more black officers. I was familiar with the “black police officers would be less brutal” rationale—that’s a little bit more of the modern-day one. But I didn’t know that people argued that black police officers will be more aggressive and attentive to crime because they’ll care about crime in black neighborhoods. I didn’t know that was an argument that dated back to the 1940s.
Another surprise finding for me was the disconnect between the civil-rights advocates who were pushing for black officers and the actual people who were going and taking the job. A lot of the people that were taking these jobs as black officers were taking them because they wanted a good job. They were having a different conversation with themselves than the civil-rights leadership that was demanding more black police was having. And I never appreciated that disconnect until I went back and noticed how even though there were 40 or 50 or 60 or more years of asking and demanding for black police, the officers themselves were so silent through that process. They weren’t the ones testifying. They weren’t the ones making speeches. They weren’t the ones writing op-eds. They were going to work. That tension is one of the things that I argue is kind of problematic about the way we think about black police now—because we have, I think, unreasonable expectations. I now realize we always have had those conflicting and unreasonable expectations of the difference that they would make. And I’ve now settled on the view that I never had before, which is that we should have more black police officers, but we should have them because blacks deserve our fair share of good municipal jobs—not because we think they’re going to change policing in any way.
Ford: A notable theme in the policing chapter was how class affected the black community’s views. How does that division shape the discourse around criminal-justice issues, then and now?
Forman: The class question goes back a long time. One argument that civil-rights advocates in Atlanta had in the 1930s and 1940s was that black officers would be able to more effectively distinguish between the law-abiding members of the community and those that weren’t. In essence, they were saying, “White people can’t tell us apart, but those of us that are upstanding, black officers will understand. They’ll respect those members of our community who deserve respect.” I’m sympathetic to that, of course, but then I would go further and say everybody deserves that respect. That was an early example of a class distinction becoming apparent.
Another one came later in the 1960s. I tell a story about Tilmon O’Bryant, who was the first African American lieutenant in the D.C. Metropolitan Police Department. He was also one of the first African American officers, period, to rise up through the ranks. And he overcame tremendous racism alongside Burrell Jefferson, his friend and ally who would go on to be the first black D.C. police chief. They overcame rank discrimination where they couldn’t get promoted because there was a quantitative assessment, a test that they had to take, matched with a qualitative assessment, a supervisor evaluation. And their white, racist supervisors wouldn’t give them rankings high enough that even with high test scores they could get promoted. Their response to that was to double down and triple down and study two and three times as hard. They set up a special training session in O’Bryant’s basement and they studied weekly for the test. Eventually, out of that first class of black officers, all but one scored so high that even with the discriminatory qualitative assessment, they had to be promoted.
As the March on Washington was preparing to descend on D.C., there was advocacy in the local community for more black officers, including in The Washington Afro-American. And O’Bryant came out in opposition to affirmative action. He said, “We don’t need that.” And the Afro-American, D.C.’s black newspaper, which was more of an elite institution than O’Bryant and his working-class background, they told him basically to remain in his place, that he should “stick to policing, not to civil-rights work.” Here they are, the African American elite, through the leading black newspaper, telling this barrier-breaking, path-breaking, working-class African American officer that he should know his place. And that’s the kind of subtle but real class differences that start to appear.
When we move to present day, what we see is a reality where an African American who dropped out of high school is 10 times more likely to go to prison than an African American man who’s attended college. That’s a big difference, then, because the people who are making laws, passing laws, and implementing laws overwhelmingly went to college. And so even though there’s this concept of linked fate in black communities and even though family bonds mean that lots of members of the African American middle class have somebody in their family who’s been caught up in the prison system, it still affects you differently.
There’s one more way in which I think class works its way into our politics of criminal justice: not mass incarceration, but racial profiling in the 1990s. Racial profiling was really the big criminal-justice, racial-justice issue. And the reason I think that racial profiling came to our attention is that it’s an issue that cuts across class lines. It doesn’t matter how much money you have, it doesn’t matter how many degrees you have—if your skin is dark enough to be identifiably black, then you run the risk of being racially profiled. So that issue comes to the attention of the civil-rights establishment almost two decades before mass incarceration does. And the reason, I think, is class.
Ford: I got kind of the sense of déjà vu reading some of these stories you have in here, because it seems like we’re having some of these same debates over and over again—on gun violence, on marijuana legalization, on the criminal-justice system’s interaction with both of those issues, on racism’s impact on them. Are we?
Forman: I think that we are. I think that the conditions that lead to the debate have remained similar if not the same, and then I think the debates remain similar if not the same. The historical context changes, our language changes, some of our understanding of the issues changes, but the issues themselves—issues of crime, issues of police brutality, issues of underenforcement—don’t. Chapter Two is called “Black Lives Matter,” so I’m self-consciously trying to make the point there that something we think of as a 2014 or 2015 development is something that’s been around for 50 years.
Ford: There’s also kind of a sense of tragedy, especially in the early chapters of the book, where you can see the thought processes going into these decisions, but we already know from modern experience where some of these paths will lead.
Forman: Well, yeah. I mean, I wanted to cry sometimes when I’d read the debates surrounding marijuana decriminalization in 1975, because I saw people like African American ministers who came out against decriminalization and people like Doug Moore. Moore was a Washington, D.C. city council member, a black nationalist, a race man, and a minister with a deep, deep love for the black community. In many ways, he organized his life around fighting for black people, fighting for black youth, fighting for disenfranchised black youth. I mean, the man was endorsed by a coalition of prisoners. This was someone who cared about those that society has given up on.
And his love for black community, combined with his not knowing what was to come, combined with his fear of drug addiction and drug use and his distrust of white liberal allies who were proposing decriminalization—all of those come together and lead him to conclude that the harms of marijuana use were greater than the harms of marijuana criminalization. And he won the debate. It was a close debate, but he won the debate. And when I look now and I think about how much damage marijuana criminalization has done to black communities, I think that somebody like that, if he knew what was to come later, he surely would have done something different. That’s, for me, the tragic element.
Ford: Another aspect that stood out to me was the role black-on-black crime played in these debates. These days we always hear it as a lazy retort when people talk about police shootings, but you highlight a greater role for it in the civil-rights era. How big of an influence was it?
Forman: It was huge. First of all, black commentators created the term “black-on-black crime.” A whole Ebony magazine in 1979 was devoted to the term. The first post-Jim Crow generation of black elected officials came into office, and they were bound and determined to make black lives matter. They wanted to protect black people who they knew had never been protected. They came out of a world—this would’ve been true in the North, too, but it was especially true in the South—where you didn’t bother to call the police for a crime in the black community because they weren’t going to come, and if they did come they were just going to make matters worse. Racist Southern sheriffs that had been infiltrated by the Klan considered a black death just another dead black person—and they didn’t use the term “black person.” And so these black elected officials come into power and they want to remedy that. They are deeply motivated by a desire to protect black lives, which they saw and understood as under threat principally from other black people.
And that’s why one of the arguments in the book that’s so important for me to highlight is—I just think it’s a 239-page rebuttal to the idea that black people only care about crime and abuse when it’s at the hands of the police officers. No, no, no. You see page after page of deep and dripping and profound concern for the protection of black lives, regardless of who puts them under threat—whether it be the police or whether it be the robber on the street.
Ford: How does that kind of shape our understanding of how mass incarceration arose? We think of it primarily as this sort of abstract force that came from on high, but you make the really good point that it’s kind of a brick-by-brick thing. Does this kind of history change how we should view the origins of mass incarceration?
Forman: I think it requires us to supplement how we’ve come to view the origins. I see a lot of power and persuasive force in the traditional model that focuses first and foremost on how kind of race-baiting politicians used race to cynically win votes, and how our relative indifference to black suffering at the national level is part of what’s blinded people to the pain and the misery that is mass incarceration. I lay what I’m doing alongside those. I think we have failed to focus on all of these little tiny decisions. When you stack them up and you add them up across time and across the country, and when you add them up throughout the criminal-justice system from police on the one end, through prosecutors and judges and legislatures and probation and parole officers at the other end of the process—when you look at all of these actors over time and over space and across the country, if everyone only becomes somewhat more punitive, but everyone does it together and everyone does it for decades, you get mass incarceration.
I do think that’s a crucial part of the story, and I don’t think it’s one that has gotten enough attention. Ronald Reagan and Richard Nixon and the War on Drugs are the kind of natural hinge points for the story, and they’re important. But they’re not the only things that are important. It’s harder to see some of these smaller decisions. One of the ones I draw out—that’s a classic example of something so small that you wouldn’t even notice it—is Dave Clark, who was a marijuana decriminalizer and a civil-rights activist. He becomes the D.C. city-council head and he gets deluged with letters from constituents asking him, “Hey, there’s drug dealers on my corner, do something about it. There’s drug sales in my neighborhood, do something about it. There’s addicts that are strung out in front of my place of business, do something about it.” And he forwards those letters to a D.C. agency, and the head of the agency writes back to him, and he forwards the response back to the constituent and says, “Look, I did something about the problem. You wrote to me and I took action.”
But he always writes to the police chief. He never writes to a department for drug rehabilitation. He never writes to the department of mental health. This is somebody who’s no drug warrior, but it doesn’t even cross his mind that there would be a non-law-enforcement option to the problem of addiction and the drug trade. So part of the story is lack of imagination. We’ve become, as a nation, trapped in a way of thinking about these problems, and it’s infected everybody, even the good people.
It’s those kinds of small steps that I want us all to confront. That means we’re all going to have to confront it as a way of getting out of this mess. Most people reading this interview have a job and work somewhere. What are your employer’s HR policies? What do they say about the ability to get hired if you have a criminal record? If you’re a student or a professor or an administrator at a university, what are your policies toward admission? What barriers do you impose for people to become admitted to your school based on criminal records? What signals do you send to discourage people by suggesting that if they have a criminal record they won’t be successful in the application process? I want everybody in the country to think about their sphere of influence—because it was everybody kind of acting together, sometimes unknowingly, that helped to create the problem, and I see that as how we’re going to have to unwind it.
Ford: What does this history tell us about the future of reform? I think you pretty much just answered that, but to clarify: It’s going to require not just some sort of legislation, but some sort of collective response?
Forman: That is correct. We definitely need legislation. When I’m talking about kind of the small steps, some of those steps are legislative. A lot of times, someone will propose something, whether it be bail reform or juvenile-justice reform or you name it, and by itself it doesn’t look like it is ever sufficient to respond to this problem of mass incarceration. It can be demoralizing, because the problem is so big, and then you look at this particular legislative response and you think, “Well, that’s not going to solve the problem.” And it’s not. But we have to do it. And we have to do it times a thousand because that’s how we built it. There was no moment when America said, “Hey, do we want to become the world’s largest jailer?” We never took an up-or-down vote. That’s not how it was built. It was built with all these tiny little legislative pieces and in the private arena. We’re going to have to unwind it the same way. Some of them are going to look very small by themselves, but collectively they’ll be powerful.
And yes, it’s going to also have to be all of us in our personal spheres of influence. We’re not only voters and citizens and activists, right, we’re also employers and students, church members or members of religious institutions. What if every religious institution decided that it was going to take three people a year and commit to helping them reenter society? Reentry is one of the biggest problems we have. If every religious institution in America took three people coming back from a prison or jail this year, every one of them coming back would have a place where people are saying, “We are going to care for you. We’re gonna help you get housing. We’re gonna help you get a driver’s license. We’re gonna help you get reconnected to your family and your children.” There are 300,000 religious institutions in America and there are about 900,000 people coming back from prisons and jails every year. So we just need to each do three. It’s that kind of collective response that I’m thinking of.
Ford: Are you optimistic or pessimistic about Americans’ ability to confront this issue?
Forman: It depends on the day. I am fundamentally an optimistic person. And I’m optimistic, in part, because of the amount of interest that I see in this issue. I teach a class on race and the criminal-justice system at Yale Law School. Last year, I taught it inside a prison, so it was 10 law students and 10 incarcerated students studying together. I only had ten slots in the class [for Yale students], and I had six times as many students on the waitlist. And I see that when I go and I lecture and I talk to professors at other schools. College students and law students and high-school students are extremely motivated around this issue. Many of them have been brought to it by reading The New Jim Crow. Others have been brought to it by reading Bryan Stevenson. Still others have been brought to it by reading Ta-Nehisi Coates. Still others have been brought to it by reading some of the hundreds of academics and activists who are less well-known than those three, but are speaking and publishing and advocating. I see this energy. This was not the case in the early 1990s when I became a public defender. Not at all. And that is the thing, fundamentally, that gives me the most optimism.
The second thing that gives me optimism is the enhanced and elevated role that we’re starting to give to people who have been incarcerated and their family members. For so long, those folks were at the margins. Nobody really gave them a voice. Folks were afraid to speak up, they were so stigmatized. “Who really wants to hear from me? I have a felony conviction. Do I really want to reveal my past?” These are the questions that people were asking. And in the past couple of years, that started to change. That idea of turning to those who are closest to the problem for solutions—I think that’s also a cause for optimism.



ARTICLE
President Trump’s first 100 days deserve at least one superlative: The Trump administration has managed to alienate the courts to a degree that some administrations take years to achieve.
The latest Trump defeat came Monday in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. That case, County of Santa Clara v. Trump, has now produced a nationwide injunction against another Trump executive order: “Enhancing Public Safety in the Interior of the United States,” issued on January 25. On Tuesday, federal district judge William Orrick of the Northern District of California, blocked section 9(a) of the order. That’s the enforcement mechanism of the order’s ill-defined attack on “sanctuary” cities and counties that refuse to take orders from the Department of Homeland Security.
To a degree unusual in public law litigation, Trump’s legal setbacks flow from his personal flaws: constitutional illiteracy, governmental inexperience, contempt for law and lawyers, lust for executive power, and—most of all—simple inability to keep his mouth shut.
To begin with, the executive order would probably get an F in a first-year legal writing class. Among its sins, it announces measures against “sanctuary jurisdictions” but provides no definition of that term. Its goal is to convince—or more properly intimidate—local governments in two ways. First, a number of cities have concluded that their police agencies will be more effective in solving crime if victims, witnesses, and suspects can talk to them without being afraid that police will turn them in to U.S Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Trump, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, and Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly want those localities to scrap those policies, and instead to let their law-enforcement officers not only pass information to ICE, but also to work as temporary immigration-enforcement personnel.
Second, they want local jail authorities to honor ICE “detainers.” These are administrative requests (not court orders) to local jails to hold certain aliens—suspected of being undocumented—for 48 hours.  Even if there are no charges pending against them, ICE agents want them held until they can pick them up with an eye to deportation. There are two problems with the detainers. First, they don’t come with funding. (According to figures submitted by Santa Clara County in this case, complying with detainers can cost it nearly $8 million a year.) Second, holding anyone—citizen or not—without probable cause or a court order is unconstitutional; and the feds don’t pay the cost of lawsuits either.
Orrrick’s tone is polite; but boiled clean, he reaches three conclusions. First, even the government doesn’t know what the order means and thus localities can’t comply even if they want to; second, the order is a naked grab for executive power—usurping not only the Tenth Amendment powers of states, but also the Article I spending power of Congress; and third (just as with the claim that the travel-ban order is actually a Muslim ban), Trump’s own intemperate words have sealed the order’s fate.
The judge notes that the two plaintiffs—the City of San Francisco and the nearby Santa Clara County—depend on federal funds, among other things, “to provide medical care, social services, and meals to vulnerable residents, to maintain and upgrade roads and public transportation, and to make needed seismic upgrades.” The executive order gives the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security the authority to designate any locality as a “sanctuary jurisdiction” and then “take appropriate enforcement action” to block some or perhaps even all of this funding.
This threat of catastrophic revenue loss is designed to force the counties to enforce federal immigration law. This is unconstitutional in no fewer than three ways. First, the Supreme Court has repeatedly said that the federal government can’t directly require states to enforce federal law. Second, the Supreme Court has also said repeatedly that the feds can’t use the threat of funding cutoffs so large that they  “coerce” states into complying with conditions that would be unconstitutional if made as direct orders. And third, the court has said that only Congress can impose conditions on federal grants. The president cannot, with a stroke of his own pen, transfer this core power to himself or his appointees.
To make matters worse, no locality would know how to follow the order if it wanted to, the opinion notes. The order prescribes penalties for jurisdictions that “willfully refuse to comply” with federal immigration law; but the government admitted in court that “the Attorney General and Secretary of Homeland Security have not yet figured … out” what those words mean. In addition, Orrick writes, “at least as of two months ago, the Secretary himself stated that he ‘do[esn’t] have a clue’ how to define ‘sanctuary city.’”
The final nail in the order’s coffin was driven by Donald Trump’s mouth. The government argued that the order merely encourages localities to cooperate voluntarily. However, the judge quoted Trump as saying: “I don’t want to defund anybody. I want to give them the money they need to properly operate as a city or a state. If they’re going to have sanctuary cities, we may have to do that.  Certainly that would be a weapon.” He noted that Sessions escalated the threat, saying that he would not only withhold future funds, but “claw back any funds awarded to a jurisdiction” that did not follow federal orders.
In fact, Trump and Sessions have both “called out” California in particular, Orrick noted. “If we have to we’ll defund, we give tremendous amounts of money to California,” Trump has said. “California in many ways is out of control.” Sessions recently wrote an op-ed in the San Francisco Chronicle specifically charging that the city’s laws are at fault for the death of a murder victim, and urged “San Francisco and other cities to re-evaluate these policies.”
There’s no good news for the administration in this opinion; in fact, Judge Orrick—like Judge James Robart in Seattle, Judge Derrick Watson in Hawaii, Judge Theodore Chuang in Maryland, and the three-judge appeals panel of the Ninth Circuit that upheld the injunction on the original travel ban—seems by his tone to have concluded that not one word coming from the government or its lawyers can be believed.
Once a judge decides that a client is dishonest and his lawyers are incompetent, regaining credibility is at best hard and most likely impossible. Seldom in history has a president worked so hard and so quickly to convince so many judges that neither his word nor his motives are worthy of respect.



ARTICLE
First, it was crowd size. Then, it was health-care bill size. On Tuesday, the Trump administration continued its habit of conflating quantity with quality by releasing a list detailing President Donald Trump’s “historic accomplishments” from his first 100 days in office, a milestone he will officially reach on Saturday. The list boasts of the number of Trump’s Congressional Review Act resolutions, his executive actions, and laws he’s signed since his inauguration.
A few of these figures appear to be wrong. But what matters more is that the administration is bothering to count them in the first place.
Tuesday’s press release predicts that Trump will have signed 30 executive orders by his 100th day in office, a feat the administration says is greater than that of any other president since Franklin D. Roosevelt, whom it credits with signing only nine executive orders. Roosevelt actually signed 99 executive orders by June 12th, his 100th day in office.
On Twitter, historian Peter Schulman offered a plausible theory for how the press release might have gotten it wrong: Perhaps it was citing the numbers from the American Presidency Project, which appears to list only the most consequential executive orders from past presidents. Schulman also pointed out that while the press release is correct in saying that President Truman signed 25 executive orders within the first 100 days of his 1949 inauguration, Truman’s first 100 days actually took place after he took over for Roosevelt in 1945. In that year, Truman signed more than twice that many executive orders.
Accuracy aside, it’s revealing that the Trump administration is boasting about the number of executive orders and laws the president has signed, rather than highlighting the impact of those laws. The release says, correctly, that Trump has signed 28 laws in his first 100 days—more than any president since Harry Truman. That tally includes a recent law funding NASA and another authorizing the National Science Foundation to promote entrepreneurial programs for women.
But it also includes a dozen pieces of legislation rolling back regulations issued by President Obama, and three joint resolutions appointing men to the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. In March, Trump signed H.R. 609, dubbing the Veterans Affairs health-care center in Butler County, Pennsylvania, the “Abie Abraham VA Clinic.” Another act declares an outpatient clinic in American Samoa the “Faleomavaega Eni Fa’aua’a Hunkin VA Clinic.”
In other words, not all laws have equal impact. In his first 100 days as president, Bill Clinton had signed the Family and Medical Leave Act. By March 2009, President Barack Obama had signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act into law, and later, employed the economic stimulus package intended to end the recession.
But counting, rather than evaluating, has become a trademark of an administration focused on ratings. During a press briefing in March, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer illustrated the difference between the House Republicans’ new health-care proposal and the Affordable Care Act by setting them side by side on the dais in the West Wing.
“This is the Democrats’,” Spicer said, gesturing to the taller stack of papers. Then he pointed to the smaller stack. “This is us,” he said, adding, “I think the greatest illustration of the differences in the approaches is that size.” But being shorter in length doesn’t make legislation inherently better: The GOP proposal failed despite its lower page count, because House Republicans couldn’t agree on its contents.
In Friday’s interview with the Associated Press, Trump complained that the first-100-days threshold is an “artificial barrier” that is “not very meaningful.” It’s a critique this latest release from the White House appears to bolster.



ARTICLE
Given his administration’s bizarre rhetorical struggles when it comes to anti-Semitism and the Holocaust, the bar for Donald Trump’s speech on Tuesday at the Holocaust Memorial Museum was low. All he really had to do was show he understands that anti-Semitism is bad, and that the Holocaust happened mostly to Jews. He did that, and more. At times, his speech was genuinely moving. It was also disturbing in a very instructive way.
The Holocaust is both a defining event in the modern history of the Jewish people and a defining event in the modern history of inhumanity. It has profound particular significance to Jews and profound universal significance to anyone concerned with the marriage of war, bigotry, state power and human indifference. In the quarter century since the United States decided to memorialize the Holocaust with a museum on the National Mall, the presidents who have spoken about it have walked a line between these particular and its universal elements.
In 2012, for instance, Barack Obama talked about “Treblinka and Auschwitz and Belzec” but he also mentioned Bosnia, Cambodia, Rwanda, Sudan, Cote D’Ivoire, Libya and Uganda. He pledged to “realize a future where no African child is stolen from their family and no girl is raped and no boy is turned into a child soldier” and he announced the “first-ever National Intelligence Estimate on the risk of mass atrocities and genocide.” In 2016, he warned that, “anti-Semitism is on the rise,” that “Jews [are] leaving major European cities” and that “Jewish centers are targeted from Mumbai to Overland Park, Kansas.” But he also said honoring the Holocaust’s memory requires people “to make common cause with the outsider, the minority, whether that minority is Christian or Jew, whether it is Hindu or Muslim, or a nonbeliever; whether that minority is native born or immigrant; whether they’re Israeli or Palestinian.”
Just because Obama addressed the Holocaust’s universal lessons in his speeches doesn’t mean he incorporated them into his policies. Talking about what the Holocaust should teach Americans about the carnage in Syria, as Obama did in 2012, is not the same as acting forcefully to try to stop it. But Obama at least acknowledged in concrete ways that the Holocaust creates obligations to protect the dignity of all people, not just Jews.
Trump did not. He said that, “we will never, ever be silent in the face of evil again.” He pledged, “We will stamp out prejudice. We will condemn hatred.” But beyond Jews, he didn’t mention a single specific group threatened by hatred or a single specific place where evil lurks. His references to the Holocaust’s Jewish meaning were lengthy and specific. His references to its universal meaning were brief and vague to the point of meaninglessness.
This isn’t really a surprise. Yes, Trump launched missile strikes to punish Bashar Assad’s government for using chemical weapons, something the Obama administration did not do. But more than any president in modern history, he has been indifferent to—if not contemptuous of—the notion that America has universal obligations that transcend national self-interest. In fact, Trump often suggests that the United States has shown too much moral concern for those beyond its shores. Elie Wiesel famously told Americans that the Holocaust’s message was “don’t be indifferent.” Trump’s message has been: “Don’t be suckers. Take care of your own.”
Obviously, Trump is not the first American president to support dictators. But in his fawning praise of murderous autocrats like Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, he has dispensed with even the veneer of moral concern. When the State Department issued its annual human rights report, his secretary of state broke with tradition and declined to attend. Refusing sanctuary to Syrian refugees fleeing that country’s brutal civil war is among Trump’s defining political passions.
And, of course, Trump isn’t only actively indifferent to people in far-off lands who suffer from “prejudice” and “hatred.” From his statement that “Islam hates us” to his false accusation that American Muslims celebrated the 9/11 attacks, to claiming that Mexican immigrants are “rapists” to his creation of an office devoted to publicizing the crimes of undocumented immigrants, he stokes that prejudice and hatred in the United States.
So it’s no wonder Trump downplayed the Holocaust’s universal lessons. Instead, by talking almost exclusively about its meaning for Jews, he turned the occasion into an exercise in ethnic politics. The Irish get St. Patrick’s Day; the Jews get a speech about the Holocaust.
In his speech, Trump spoke warmly about Elie Wiesel. On April 22, 1993, the day the Memorial Museum was dedicated, Wiesel turned to Bill Clinton, with whom he shared the dais, and reprimanded him for not taking the Holocaust’s universal message seriously enough. “Mr. President,” he exclaimed, “I cannot not tell you something. I have been in the former Yugoslavia last fall. I cannot sleep since for what I have seen. As a Jew I am saying that. We must do something to stop the bloodshed in that country.”
Sadly, there was no American Jewish figure able or willing to play that prophetic role at Trump’s speech. No one told him that if you deny refuge to the desperate, and slander vulnerable minorities for political gain, you have learned nothing from the Holocaust. No one told Trump that until he goes before a group of American Muslims, or a group of Latinos, and vows to protect their rights and dignity, his words to Jews are empty.
“It is our duty to remember the Shoah and to teach it our children,” wrote Rabbi Arnold Jacob Wolf. “Not to give us Jews special rights or special roles, but to make us sensitive to the outrages that marred all of Western history and to the tasks of human rescue and succor that still remain.”
By that standard, the people who invited Donald Trump to speak at the Holocaust Memorial Museum—and the people who politely applauded his words—failed.



ARTICLE
Mock Donald Trump’s legislative ignorance if you will, but for a brief, shining stretch during the past week, he managed to bring about a rare Washington phenomenon: House and Senate Democrats saying nice things about their GOP
counterparts. Publicly. With straight faces. That the president accomplished this entirely by accident makes the feat no less remarkable.
It has been like a scene straight out of a No Labels kumbaya, centrist fantasy: As Congress hammers out a deal to fund the government for the rest of this fiscal year, Democrats have been lauding Republicans for handling negotiations in a thoughtful, productive, bipartisan manner.
“Appropriators are all about getting something done,” a senior Democratic House aide noted approvingly of the process. And with the April 28 deadline looming, he told me, members of both teams “had been chugging along, making progress, doing a really good job of getting past some riders.”
But then, say Democrats, chaos erupted. Up popped President Trump, demanding billions for his border wall, threatening sanctuary cities, clamoring for a quickie health care vote, and generally screwing things up by sticking his big orange nose into delicate Hill business.
“Before, the parties were negotiating quite well until Donald Trump and the White House threw a monkey wrench into it,” Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer told reporters on a conference call Monday morning. “If the president stepped out of it, we could get a budget done by Friday.”
Call co-host Nancy Pelosi, the House minority leader, proffered a similar take: “I know appropriators try very hard to work in a bipartisan way, and that was the path that we were on until the president intervened.”
Thanks to Trump’s ham-fisted meddling, charge Democrats, the budget talks have gone from civilized and low-key to, as the House aide put it, utterly “whackadoo.”
Now, shrewd students of Congress may be inclined to point out that the budgeting process never runs smoothly. And the notion that, in the current political climate, negotiations would have continued chugging along until a bipartisan agreement was amicably reached is, well, whackadoo. (If nothing else, sticky issues tend to get kicked to the end of the process, and it’s when appropriators hand the bill off to leadership that things often turn ugly.)
From a messaging standpoint, however, Dems’ blaming Trump for poisoning the well of this budget battle is a no-brainer.
“This is one of the oldest plays in the playbook,” said Jim Manley, a former Senate aide to Democratic leadership. “What Democrats are trying to do here is drive a wedge between House and Senate Republicans and the White House.”
“He is the head of the party, whether the Rs like it or not,” a former House leadership staffer emailed me. “And he is the most unpopular President at the 100-day mark of any president in modern times, so of course Dems will lay this at his doorstep.”
Ironically, since before Trump was even sworn in, congressional Democrats have been saying that their strategy would be to look for ways to drive a wedge between the president and GOP lawmakers—though in precisely the opposite direction. Dems said they were open to working with Trump on progressive-friendly policies like infrastructure and trade, while stiff-arming Paul Ryan and Co.’s conservative agenda.
But Trump’s chest-thumping over the border wall proved too perfect a target for Democrats to ignore. And so their divide-and-conquer strategy, at least temporarily, took a 180-degree turn.
Not that Hill Dems are remotely disingenuous in voicing frustration and outrage over the president’s intrusion. “It really is Trump’s fault. He is the one insisting on including the wall, not Congress, and that is a deal breaker for Dems,” said the former House staffer.
Until Trump started with all the chest beating, stressed the current House aide, Republican legislators were not talking about the wall. “They were talking about getting some face-saving additional border security funding—non-wall technology or something. Everybody thought that would be the way this played out.” But then the president began issuing demands and threats, many of them delivered by White House budget director Mick Mulvaney.
“He is quite possibly the worst messenger for this sort of topic,” said the aide, pointing to Mulvaney’s congressional history of helping blow up multiple budget deals and of playing a key role in the 2013 government shutdown. Inserting Mulvaney into the situation, said the aide, “has not been helpful to the prospects of keeping government open.”
Democrats’ genuine dismay notwithstanding, if the messaging also happens to serve the party’s political fortunes, all the better. Chipping away at Trump’s popularity is significantly more useful to the blue team than throwing shade at congressional Republicans. As Democrats know all too well, public unhappiness with the president tends to ooze over onto lawmakers of his party.
“As long as we do our jobs and make the Republicans in Congress own this president, they're all going to get blamed,” said Kristen Hawn, a Hill staffer turned Democratic strategist. “When you've got control of House, Senate, and the White House, it's really difficult to go back home and try to message to your constituents that the president somehow shoulders all the blame by himself. We always struggled with that as moderates,” said Hawn, who worked with the centrist Blue Dogs. “It didn't matter how our bosses voted or how many times they opposed Obama,” she recalled, “they were always branded Obama/Pelosi Democrats.”
Even Trump seemed to belatedly realize his misstep. By Monday evening, he was furiously back-pedaling on the wall, telling a gathering of conservative journalists that he would now consider deferring the fight until later this year.
But grave damage has already been done. Whatever comes out of this week’s budget fight, no matter how zany it may get, a big chunk of the narrative will focus on presidential overreach and incompetence. Which is ultimately a bigger gift to Democrats than any damage they could inflict upon their legislative adversaries.




ARTICLE
“I am the king of debt,” Donald Trump famously boasted during last year’s campaign. On Wednesday, the president is going to set about proving it—but perhaps not in the way he originally meant.
All indications are that the tax plan the White House is slated to unveil will include what Trump has described as a “massive” cut in the rate that corporations and many small businesses pay to the government. But it will omit the more politically painful choices that Republicans would need to make to offset the corresponding loss of revenue, such as House Speaker Paul Ryan’s proposed tax on imports or the elimination of popular deductions for charitable giving and homeowners. The result is a tax plan that, like the ones Trump offered as a candidate, could add trillions of dollars to the national debt. You can call them tax cuts, but they aren’t tax reform.
In pursuing the cuts-only approach favored by supply-side economic conservatives, Trump is forgoing—at least for the moment—the more ambitious overhaul of both the corporate and individual tax code that Republicans like Ryan have been pursuing for years. That would take months, if not years, more to complete, and the president plainly does not want to wait. He caught both Republican lawmakers and, reportedly, his own staff off-guard by announcing that the White House would unveil some sort of tax plan this week, ahead of the 100-day marker of his presidency. What Trump will actually release might be little more than a sheet of paper with some broad principles, much less a detailed legislative proposal. It’s the Cliffs Notes version of a tax plan, which will make for a clean headline and is simpler to explain to voters than a proposal with the inherent winners and losers that a broader reform package would create.
Choosing the simpler path is a familiar move for Trump, and so is picking a policy that places deficit reduction far behind his other priorities. While the president has at times talked about tackling—and even pledged to eliminate—the nation’s nearly $20 trillion debt, he has campaigned and governed as a bigger-government conservative. He’s called for up to $1 trillion in new infrastructure spending, proposed a $30 billion increase in the military budget, and wants to build a wall along the southern border that could cost billions more. Trump’s initial budget proposal called for steep cuts to domestic programs to pay for some of the increased spending elsewhere, but it notably omitted any effort at restraining the entitlement programs eyed by Republicans as the main drivers of long-term deficits. When Trump called himself “the king of debt” in a CBS interview last year, he was referring to how he used strategic borrowing in the operation of his businesses. But he’s resorting to a similar approach to run the government as well.
“The Trump campaign proposed two revenue-decreasing tax plans during the campaign. It should not be so surprising if they also propose a net tax cut once in the White House,” said Scott Greenberg, an analyst with the Tax Foundation, which projected that the Trump campaign’s final tax plan would have increased deficits by as much as $5.9 trillion.
The president’s outline is likely to win some fans among Republicans in Congress, but it will cause conflict with others. In the House, GOP leaders have been writing a tax bill that would not add to the deficit under the formula the party uses to estimate its impact on the budget (calculations that Democrats vigorously dispute). That’s a major reason why Ryan has been pushing for a “border adjustment tax” designed to offset an estimated $1 trillion in rate reductions over a decade.
But with that plan facing bipartisan opposition and with the GOP health-care bill stalled, conservative economists have been pushing the party to advance a tax proposal that would be politically easier and, in their view, more quickly stimulate economic growth. They’re advancing the theory popularized under former President Ronald Reagan that lower taxes will generate more economic activity and thereby lead to more revenue for the government from a broader base of taxpayers. Adopting that view, the White House has decided to go big on rate cuts. According to The Wall Street Journal, the proposal will call for a 15 percent tax rate both for corporations—down from 35 percent—and for smaller businesses in which the owners currently pay the highest individual rate of 39.6 percent. “The tax plan will pay for itself with economic growth,” Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told reporters on Monday.
Yet even the most ardent supply-side advocates don’t believe a cut that deep will refill the government’s coffers through economic growth alone. Their argument is that the deficit concerns are less important than the need to jolt the economy, which has been growing at a modest rate of around 2 percent or less for the last several years.  “I’m not saying that cutting the corporate rate from 35 [percent] to 15 [percent] is going to pay for itself,” Stephen Moore, a conservative economist who advised Trump during the campaign, told me on Tuesday. “It may. It may not. I’m just saying that if we can get more growth from it, do it. And if that means you’re going to have a higher deficit, so what? It’s worth it to get more growth.”
After years of belt-tightening that congressional Republicans forced on former President Barack Obama, the assumption that deficits are automatically bad has taken a hit with politicians in both parties. Progressives have called for a new round of government spending to boost jobs and reduce income inequality, while conservatives argue for business-oriented tax cuts at the expense of the federal balance sheet. But the loosening fiscal policy of the last couple of years has alarmed those who believe the debt remains a long-term threat to economic stability. “If this tax reform is not paid for, it is backwards and disappointing. Tax reform is supposed to be done to create economic growth, not paid for by economic growth,” said Maya MacGuineas, president of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. She argued that the negative impact of a rising national debt, including the risk of higher interest rates, would undercut the very economic growth Republicans claim to want. “This is maybe politically expedient, but it will be economically damaging and a real lost opportunity for the growth agenda we need to be pursuing,” she told me.
Moore, along with fellow supply-siders Steve Forbes, Larry Kudlow, and Art Laffer, published an op-ed in The New York Times last week urging the president to “keep it simple” and prioritize a tax cut over a broader overhaul. Trump appears to be taking their advice. The latest reports suggest that in addition to the overall rate cuts, the White House will seek to offer corporations a discount rate to “repatriate” profits held off-shore so it can use the revenue for infrastructure—a plan designed to attract Democratic support. The proposal could also contain a childcare tax credit sought by Ivanka Trump.
But the plan’s overall price tag could be a hinderance both politically and procedurally. Democrats are unlikely to back unpaid-for tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy no matter how much money for infrastructure is included. That will force Republicans to try to pass a bill through the budget reconciliation process—as they tried to do with health care—that would circumvent a filibuster in the Senate and require only a simple-majority vote. But the budget rules forbid legislation advanced through reconciliation to add to the debt over the long term, so Republicans might have to make their tax cuts temporary and expire after 10 years, which is what they did under former President George W. Bush 15 years ago.
Even with that fine print, Trump’s pain-free plan likely would be easier to pass than a far more complicated overhaul that raises taxes on some industries and cuts them for others. As they have before, Republicans will argue that they’re returning money to the people in service of a brighter economy. All they have to stomach is higher short-term deficits, and for the president, that’s no obstacle at all.



ARTICLE
A federal district court in California on Tuesday blocked the Trump administration from enforcing part of a January executive order to defund “sanctuary cities,” ruling that the directive likely exceeded federal law and unfairly targeted those jurisdictions.
“Federal funding that bears no meaningful relationship to immigration enforcement cannot be threatened merely because a jurisdiction chooses an immigration-enforcement strategy of which the president disapproves,” federal judge William Orrick wrote.
The preliminary injunction blocks the federal government from enforcing Section 9(a) of the executive order nationwide while legal proceedings continue. That section authorized the attorney general to “take appropriate enforcement action” against “sanctuary jurisdictions” that “willfully refuse to comply” with Section 1373, a provision in federal immigration law that bars local jurisdictions from refusing to provide immigration-status information to federal agents.
Orrick determined, however, that Section 9(a)’s broad language, coupled with the new restrictions, likely went beyond what was authorized by federal law. “The order’s attempt to place new conditions on federal funds is an improper attempt to wield Congress’s exclusive spending power and is a violation of the Constitution’s separation-of-powers principles,” he concluded.
Tuesday’s judicial rebuke is also a blow to President Trump’s defense of his administration as it nears the 100-day mark on Saturday. With no major legislative accomplishments to offer the public, the White House has instead pointed to the flurry of executive orders signed by Trump as evidence of his success. This particular order, signed by Trump five days after taking office on January 20, aimed to fulfill his campaign pledges to crack down on illegal immigration and those sanctuary cities, a catch-all term for jurisdictions that don’t cooperate with federal immigration agencies.
Santa Clara County and the city of San Francisco sued the Trump administration soon thereafter, alleging that the order went beyond what Section 1373 authorized. The jurisdictions also argued the new defunding provisions violated the Fifth Amendment’s due-process protections and the Tenth Amendment’s ban on federal commandeering of state powers. At stake for both the city and the county is federal funding, amounting to roughly $1.2 billion of San Francisco’s $9.6 budget and about 35 percent of Santa Clara’s total budget. Orrick noted the executive order “has caused budget uncertainty by threatening to deprive the counties of hundreds of millions of dollars in federal grants that support core services in their jurisdictions.”
In his ruling, Orrick noted the Justice Department tried to defend the executive order during oral arguments by offering a narrow interpretation of it. But the judge indicated he was unconvinced. “The government attempts to read out all of Section 9(a)’s unconstitutional directives to render it an ominous, misleading, and ultimately toothless threat,” he wrote. “It urges that Section 9(a) can be saved by reading the defunding provision narrowly and ‘consistent with law,’ so that all it does is direct the attorney general and [the homeland security] secretary to enforce existing grant conditions. But this interpretation is in conflict with the order’s express language and is plainly not what the order says.”
The Justice Department’s woes did not end there. Compounding their difficulties in defending the executive order were a series of public statements by Trump, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions, which Orrick cited as evidence the federal government intended to broadly enforce the order.
“The president has called it ‘a weapon’ to use against jurisdictions that disagree with his preferred policies of immigration enforcement, and his press secretary has reiterated that the president intends to ensure that ‘counties and other institutions that remain sanctuary cities don’t get federal government funding in compliance with the executive order,’” he wrote. “The attorney general has warned that jurisdictions that do not comply with Section 1373 would suffer ‘withholding grants, termination of grants, and disbarment or ineligibility for future grants,’ and the ‘claw back’ of any funds previously awarded.”
Shortly after the order’s release in January, my colleague Garrett Epps presciently noted a legal irony: Section 9(a)’s broad restrictions for local jurisdictions that defy federal immigration policy appeared to clash with two landmark U.S. Supreme Court rulings, Printz v. United States and National Federation of Independent v. Sebelius. Taken together, the two decisions constrain the federal government’s power to coerce or compel state and local governments. Both rulings, Garrett pointed out, were also major victories for the conservative legal movement.
Orrick cited both rulings to justify blocking the order’s enforcement on federalism grounds. “The executive order attempts to use coercive methods to circumvent the Tenth Amendment’s direct prohibition against conscription,” he wrote. “While the federal government may incentivize states to adopt federal programs voluntarily, it cannot use means that are so coercive as to compel their compliance.” He also criticized the absence of a mechanism for local jurisdictions to challenge or appeal the loss of federal funding, concluding that the “complete lack of process violates the Fifth Amendment’s due-process requirements.”
Local officials in both jurisdictions praised the ruling. “We’re fighting for the United States Constitution and we succeeded after the Trump administration tried to do an end run around it,” Santa Clara County Supervisor Cindy Chavez said in a statement. Further north, San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera echoed those themes. “Faced with the law, the Trump administration backed down,” he said in a statement. “This is why we have courts—to halt the overreach of a president and an attorney general who either don’t understand the Constitution or chose to ignore it.”
In response to the ruling, the Justice Department noted Orrick limited his injunction to the executive order, not the underlying federal statute. “Accordingly, the department will continue to enforce existing grant conditions and will continue to enforce 8 U.S.C. 1373,” a spokesman said in a statement. “Further, the order does not purport to enjoin the department’s independent legal authority to enforce the requirements of federal law applicable to communities that violate federal immigration law or federal grant conditions.”
The Trump administration’s next legal step would be to appeal Orrick’s ruling to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. It’s a familiar arena for the president: a three-judge panel blocked him from enforcing the first iteration of his controversial travel ban in February, and the entire court will weigh the constitutionality of the second version on May 15.



ARTICLE
President Trump insisted that the border wall “will get built,” despite backing down on demands to fund the project in this week’s spending bill. A federal judge in San Francisco blocked a portion of Trump’s January executive order on immigration aimed at cutting federal funding to so-called “sanctuary cities.” The leaders of the House Oversight Committee said Trump’s former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn may have violated federal law by not properly disclosing payments from Russian organizations. Overnight, Arkansas executed two death-row inmates, Jack Harold Jones and Marcel Wayne Williams, making it the first state to execute two inmates back-to-back since 2000. Ivanka Trump discussed women’s entrepreneurship at a summit in Berlin during her first trip abroad as an official representative of the United States.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

The Ticking Time Bomb: The reportedly rapid acceleration of North Korea’s nuclear capabilities is worrying the Trump administration: Is the U.S. running out of time to address the nuclear crisis? (David E. Sanger and William J. Broad, The New York Times)
‘All Hillary’s Fault’: Democrats have blamed FBI Director James Comey for turning the tide of the presidential election in Donald Trump’s favor. While Comey certainly played a role, David French argues, Hillary Clinton “brought this all on herself.” (National Review) 
Is the Media Bubble Real?: Yes, argue Politico’s Jack Schafer and Tucker Doherty. Not only that, “but it’s more extreme than you might realize. And it’s driven by deep industry trends.”
An ‘Entry-Level’ Presidency?: Every new president faces a learning curve, but Donald Trump is the first without any government, military, or political background. Experts weigh-in on how this lacking experience may have affected the president’s first 100 days in office. (Domenico Montanaro, NPR)
To Speak, or Not to Speak: Former President Barack Obama will reportedly accept $400,000 to speak at a health-care conference in September. Matthew Yglesias argues that rather than undermining his politics by accepting this fee, Obama should behave “with a higher degree of personal integrity” than his rivals. (Vox)
On Death Row: Arkansas gained national attention this month after the state pushed to execute eight men in April. Three of the lethal injections proceeded as planned, but four others were stopped by lawsuits. View these graphics for an update on each case. (K.K. Rebecca Lai and Jasmine C. Lee, The New York Times)  
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner has been a D.C. tradition since 1921, with journalists and administration officials coming together once a year to eat, drink, and roast the current president. President Trump won’t be attending this year’s dinner, which takes place on Saturday, but he did attend the dinner in 2011, when then-President Obama made a few jokes at Trump’s expense.
What jokes or moments stand out to you from past dinners?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Updated at 3:38 p.m.
Breitbart News’ application for permanent congressional press passes was denied on Tuesday, after a months-long attempt by the right-wing news outlet to obtain credentials.
The Standing Committee of Correspondents of the Senate Press Gallery voted to table Breitbart’s application and also to not extend its temporary passes, which are valid through May 31.
The committee has so far declined to issue permanent press credentials to the outlet based on a number of concerns, including its independence from figures in the Trump administration and from the Mercer family of Republican donors and related groups.
In the course of its quest to get credentials, Breitbart, normally a secretive organization, has been forced to disclose information about its operations, structure, and finances. But the committee has not been satisfied by Breitbart’s responses.
“The pending application of Breitbart News Network was tabled by the Standing Committee of Correspondents at the April 25, 2017 meeting.  The application was tabled until Breitbart can sufficiently demonstrate to the committee that they meet the requirements of Rule 4 of the Congressional rules governing the Gallery,” the committee said in a statement later on Tuesday. “If Breitbart wishes to take steps to meet those requirements, the Committee will reopen its review.” Rule 4 stipulates that applicants for congressional press passes must reside in the Washington area and not be involved in any paid advocacy or lobbying work for political, business, or government entities.
For now, the site is vowing to fight on.
"Breitbart News is unequivocally entitled to permanent Senate Press Gallery credentials and is determined to secure them,” Breitbart spokesman Chad Wilkinson said in a statement on Tuesday.
The last time the committee met to consider Breitbart’s application, the outstanding issues included concerns about Breitbart’s office space—until recently, a Capitol Hill rowhouse owned by an Egyptian politician which is not zoned for office use—its connections to the Mercer family, which has invested in the news site, and its relationship with White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, who led the outlet as executive chairman before going to work for President Trump.
Breitbart News CEO Larry Solov sent two letters to the committee which were considered on Tuesday morning. In one, dated April 18, Solov promises that Rebekah Mercer “has no editorial control at Breitbart News Network” and that Breitbart and the Government Accountability Institute, another Mercer-connected group that has or has had ties to some Breitbart staffers, “are separate and independent companies, with separate and different boards and management. They have no editorial control over each other.”
In the other letter, dated April 24, Solov asserts that “none of the individual applicants for membership pursuant to a BNN Senate Press Gallery credential do work, or while credentialed will be working, for GAI, Liberty First Institute and/or the US border patrol unions.”
“Without limitation, is it the Standing Committee’s position that a news organization cannot be credentialed if it employs any editor and/or reporter who is also employed by or affiliated with any advocacy group or non-profit?” Solov wrote. “Of course, we respectfully assert that any such rules, standards and/or criteria must be reasonable and realistic, and transparent – and applied equally and fairly to all news organizations.”
Neither of Solov’s letters address the office issue. Breitbart is reportedly seeking office space in downtown Washington.
The committee’s decision to table Breitbart’s application and not extend its temporary pass means that, barring any change, Breitbart will lose its credentials to access Capitol Hill after May 31. Not having permanent congressional press credentials also affects Breitbart’s ability to cover the Supreme Court, join the White House Correspondents Association, or participate in pool coverage.
The decision is a blow to Breitbart’s attempts to be taken seriously as a news outlet. The site was one of the most vociferous pro-Trump voices in the conservative media sphere during the election, and it has achieved greater prominence since Trump’s election and ascension to the presidency. It has made moves to become more accepted by the political establishment, hiring reporters from mainstream outlets like The Hill and The Wall Street Journal.
But the site’s deep ties to Trump—Bannon aside, two former Breitbart writers have gone to work in the White House—have raised questions about its independence. A group of Democratic senators wrote a letter to Bannon last week asking him to explain how much communication he has with Breitbart, noting that he is under ethics obligations not to be involved with the site.
Both Bannon and Breitbart have said that he no longer has any association with the organization. But it’s still the case that Breitbart’s image is inextricably tied to his.
“The people running things at Breitbart believe they are the reason Breitbart became more popular,” former Breitbart writer Lee Stranahan told me last week. “Steve Bannon being part of the administration is why Breitbart became so popular.



ARTICLE
The president blinked.
Donald Trump wants his border wall funded, but he apparently wants to keep the government open on his 100th day in office a little bit more. Facing the prospect of a government shutdown in four days, the president reportedly backed off his demand that a must-pass spending bill include a downpayment for the wall he wants to construct along the nation’s southern border. Trump told a group of conservative journalists on Monday evening that he would be willing to accept money for the wall during the next government-funding debate in September, effectively defusing a clash that had been building between Capitol Hill and the White House ahead of the April 28 deadline to avert a partial shutdown.
The president’s softening line wasn’t all that surprising. Democrats had held firm against funding the wall from the start, and Republican leaders were in no mood for a countdown-clock showdown so early in Trump’s tenure and after they had already muffed their attempt to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. A battle over the wall, they reasoned, could come later. Not even the president seemed to have his heart fully in the fight—neither he nor his top advisers would take the necessary step of actually threatening to veto a spending bill that did not include some of the $1.4 billion the administration had requested to begin development of the wall.
Trump’s bigger worry may be of a pattern beginning to emerge. In March, the president sent his staff to deliver a well-publicized ultimatum to House Republicans: Pass the leadership’s health-care bill, or Trump would leave Obamacare in place and move on to other issues. The lawmakers balked, and a month later, it became clear the president was bluffing. He’s now back on health care and insisting he never left.
Democrats were quick to accept the president’s willingness to back off from the shutdown brink. “The president’s comments this evening are welcome news given the bipartisan opposition to the wall, and the obstacle it has been to the continuing bipartisan negotiations in the appropriations committees,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement. Her Senate counterpart, Chuck Schumer, added: “It's good for the country that President Trump is taking the wall off the table in these negotiations. Now the bipartisan and bicameral negotiators can continue working on the outstanding issues.”
The two parties must still agree on how much additional money to appropriate for defense, how much they might give the president for border security that doesn’t include building the wall, and whether Congress will tell the Trump administration to continue making subsidy payments to health insurers as part of Obamacare. But the wall had become the chief sticking point, and lawmakers were confident of avoiding a shutdown if Trump did not insist on its funding.
Perhaps Democrats thought if they praised the president fast enough, he wouldn’t have time to reverse himself. Indeed, by the morning, Trump was tweeting again about the wall.

Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 25, 2017
Nobody believes the president has given up entirely on building the wall; the issue is whether Congress will start funding it now. Trump’s tweet was not a veto threat. There’s still time for Trump to change his mind again and confront the Democrats. Assuming he doesn’t, however, his tactical retreat might benefit him in the short run. A government shutdown would have been an ignominious, if perhaps fitting, coda to Trump’s first 100 days in office. But for a man who boasts about his negotiating skills and likes to keep his opponents guessing, a second called bluff in a month suggests the new president might, to his great dismay, be a tad too predictable.




ARTICLE
In February 2010, a series of billboards began popping up around the nation. A grinning, waving George W. Bush appeared beside the phrase, “Miss Me Yet?” The answer was a resounding, Eh, sorta. Bush had bounced back somewhat from his abysmal final approval rating, but while Republicans were feeling rosier about the ex-president, Democrats were not.
It turns out that for some Democrats, the question was not mistaken but merely premature.
“Did we ever think we would see the day when we would say, ‘Please bring back George W. Bush’?” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said during an interview with Evan Smith last week. “We really did work together.”
Pelosi is the most specific but not the first example of Democrats expressing surprising fondness for the 43rd president. His refusal to endorse Donald Trump, his decision to skip the Republican National Convention, and rumors that he supported Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election softened feelings about him. Perhaps his alleged reaction to Trump’s inaugural address was the coup de grace: “That was some weird shit.”
But there’s more to it than that. Pelosi’s specific flavor of nostalgia for Bush is notable because it so perfectly mirrors the equally improbable way Republican legislators and operatives began talking about Bill Clinton roughly eight years ago.
Despite old disagreements, Republicans hadn’t just forgotten their antipathy for Clinton by 2010—they were actively yearning for his return, at least in comparison to Barack Obama. Republicans complained that against the chilly, aloof, progressive Obama, Clinton was an affable, socially engaged centrist. The New York Times rounded up some signs of this newfound nostalgia. Orrin Hatch said Clinton would “go down in history as a better president” than Obama (a backhanded compliment if there ever were one). But Sean Hannity took to calling him “good old Bill.” Paul Ryan waxed: “I enjoy Bill Clinton. The first two years of his term were one thing, but the rest of his presidency was tempered with moderation, and the nation benefited.” David Bossie, who made his name as a Clinton antagonist, told Benjy Sarlin that however liberal Clinton might have been, he wasn’t a wild-eyed socialist like Obama.
This was all the more remarkable given just how acrimonious relations between Clinton and the GOP had been. When Clinton left office in 2001, around two-thirds of the country approved of his performance, but just 32 percent of Republicans approved. That in itself was a remarkable bounceback, given that the previous few years had seen a series of investigations, a pair of shutdowns, and an impeachment, products of a toxically partisan environment in Washington.
Jonathan Chait ably dissected the Republican change of heart:

The kicker is that everything Bossie thought was true of Clinton before he now believes is true of Obama. Clinton was once a radical leftist, infiltrating the government to impose a radical agenda of wealth confiscation. Today we realize that was silly! But now we're sure this is a good description of Obama.

The way Pelosi is speaking about Bush today echoes the way Republicans talked about Clinton back then: Whatever Bush’s flaws, she says, he was someone Democrats would make a deal with! (Chait, to his credit, doesn’t fall into the pattern he identified: He says Trump is basically just Bush reincarnated, with slightly more racism.)
But the Bush bounceback is perhaps even more surprising, because however nasty the Clinton years got, Bush left office with even worse standing. His overall approval rating in January 2009 was a historically unprecedented 22 percent. Among Democrats, just 6 percent approved, with 93 percent disapproving. (Who knows what additional information the remaining 1 percent needed to decide one way or another.)
Bush’s rehabilitation is a product of both difference and distance. On the one hand, time heals at least some wounds. As Chait wrote back in 2010, “One day, Obama will play the same role in the Republican imagination that Clinton does today.”
There hasn’t been a chance to prove that right yet, but given what’s happened to Clinton and Bush, it seems safe to believe he will. (Had Hillary Clinton won in November, we might already be hearing Republicans bemoaning the fact that in contrast to her, Obama was honest, diligent, acted in good faith, etc., etc.) On the other hand, Bush looks at least a little better to Democrats because Trump is manifestly different: more strident, less predictable, less tutored in fact, and plagued by unprecedented controversies.
What’s even stranger is that given the pattern at play here, even Trump might benefit from the same sort of recovery some day. In eight, or 12, or 16 years, when Senate Minority Leader Pete Buttigieg or Speaker Seth Moulton is complaining that unlike President Cruz, Trump was at least a pragmatist who was willing to negotiate, you can be surprised. But don’t be too surprised.




ARTICLE
Whether one likes or dislikes Chelsea Clinton is beside the point.
Imagine paging through an official handbook at The New York Times or NPR or Columbia University’s journalism school and encountering an entry with these guidelines:
Prospective political candidates: A subject may sometimes warrant coverage as a possible or likely political candidate before he or she officially declares an intention to seek office or files paperwork to formally initiate a run. Such coverage should be reserved for the unusually rich, the widely famous, or the close relative of a person widely known to have held elective office.  
There is not a reputable news organization in America that would formalize that guideline. Yet it might as well be the official standard in the political press, where all manner of coverage flows to nascent careers because the subject is a billionaire, like Ross Perot, or famous, like Arnold Schwarzenegger, or kin to a Kennedy or Bush.
The typical journalist is likelier to be a Democrat than a Republican, a liberal than a conservative. But his or her approach to doling out attention to folks who could run for office is best summed up by the Andrews Sisters: “Them that has, gets. Them that don’t, wants.”
The prospective candidate who is unusually honest, or decent, or shows skill governing at the local level, is almost never the object of glowing profiles that serve to introduce them to a broader public, or “will they run for higher office” speculation.
That isn’t because journalists are averse to those qualities, or driven entirely by ratings or clicks. Rather, it is an unintended and unfortunate byproduct of an approach that Jay Rosen calls “the view from nowhere,” an approach intended to guard against bias.
Adherents focus purely on what is in politics rather than what ought to be.
The approach is seductive. It offers the illusion that coverage decisions are free of ideology. A reporter who focuses on what is, rather than what ought to be, is not responsible for the fact that folks with money, or fame, or connections wield power, and are therefore advantageously positioned to win elections. In 2000, George W. Bush really was much more likely to win the Republican nomination, by virtue of his political lineage and fundraising connections, than any number of would be candidates. Donald Trump really was better positioned than Evan McMullin.
At the same time, political journalists err if they think it is possible to observe and report on what is without affecting it. George W. Bush was better positioned in large part because the political press acted as a multiplier for his advantages in name recognition and fundraising, treating them as causes for lots of coverage, even though the vast majority of Americans, across ideologies, would agree that it ought to be that neither fortune nor fame nor family ties determine a candidate’s electoral prospects.
It ought to be that a person with compelling experience, or exemplary character traits, or leadership skills get at least a fair shot at persuading the public to support them. Instead, the view from nowhere entrenches the status quo, even if it is pernicious or nonsensical. Love or hate her, Chelsea Clinton would not even be mentioned as a prospective candidate for public office if her parents were in any other profession. Why are journalists allowing themselves to fuel dynastic trends in American life?
The political press should recalibrate.
Sure, revealed preference confirms a public desire to read about the already famous. And the outlet that spends time and resources covering them can always plausibly argue that they are not shaping the interests of the public, but reflecting them without judgment. The people might want Chelsea or Ivanka. They wanted George W. Bush and John Quincy Adams! Yet the people could not have rejected Jeb! more decisively.
How do the outlets that covered him so thoroughly justify their approach to themselves? Who might have vied successfully for the presidency with half as much free press?
Journalists needn’t embrace the moral logic of Robin Hood to conclude that the best way to inform the public, or advance representative government in the United Staes, is not to supercharge the advantages that rich or famous candidates already enjoy. Indeed, one needn’t even be an egalitarian to see a strong argument for the political press to act as a counterweight to rich and famous candidates, on the logic that to inform the public is to tell them about candidates they might want to know about but don’t, rather than telling them ever more about people with whom they are already familiar, or will obviously have ample opportunity to get to know regardless.
Long before an election, when the primary field for a gubernatorial or presidential race is not settled, why shouldn’t the press alert the public to potential candidates they would never know about if not for enterprising journalism, instead of lavishing coverage on legacies like Chelsea Clinton, George P. Bush, and inevitably, Ivanka Trump?
Cover the rich, famous, and well-connected if and when they file to seek elective office. But until then, I’d rather read about anyone else who might excel at governing.



ARTICLE
On a mild Friday evening in late October 2010, Ricardo Salazar-Limon was in his white Toyota pickup truck, driving west along Houston, Texas’s Southwest Freeway. After a long day painting and hanging sheetrock at NASA’s Johnson Space Center he stopped off at the modest gray rancher he shared with his young family and his friend Rogelio. The two men commiserated over a couple beers before setting out for the home of an acquaintance across town. On the way, they picked up a 12-pack of Bud Light and two of Rogelio’s friends. Salazar-Limon, who was 25 at the time, would recall it as “a common day, like any other.”
That is, until a siren and red-and-blue lights erupted behind Salazar-Limon’s truck just after midnight. He knew he had been speeding, and he eased onto the shoulder, pulling up alongside the scuffed Jersey barrier that marked the edge of a freeway overpass. Chris Thompson, a patrol officer with the Houston Police Department, parked his police cruiser behind the truck.
All parties agree that what began as a routine traffic stop ended with a bullet fired from Thompson’s service revolver lodged in Salazar-Limon’s spine, leaving him wheelchair-bound. But what happened in between—and how two federal courts later handled the Rashomon-like duel of contested narratives that emerged from it—is a stark example of a problem that has come to vex plaintiffs who bring civil-rights lawsuits against police. With the Supreme Court on Monday declining to hear Salazar-Limon’s case—over a two-justice dissent—the judges of those two courts will have the last word.  
At issue was the courts’ decision to deny Salazar-Limon a jury trial. Ordinarily, through a procedure called summary judgment, a judge can dismiss a case before it reaches a jury only if the judge finds the evidence in the case leaves no question of fact or credibility for a jury to resolve. The courts ignored those rules in Salazar-Limon’s case, Justices Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote in their dissent: Despite Salazar-Limon and Thompson offering accounts that “flatly contradict each other,” both lower courts took the officer at his word, leaving nothing for a jury to decide. Yet whose story is more credible—a quintessential jury question—is what the case is all about, a point the dissenters highlighted: If Thompson’s story is true, his decision to pull the trigger was justified; if Salazar-Limon’s is true, a jury could find it wasn’t.
The case, as the dissenting justices recognized, is not a one-off. Recent years have seen growing concern in the legal community that judges in police civil-rights lawsuits are usurping the jury’s role. By twisting the ordinary procedure of summary judgment, critics contend, these judges prematurely shut down lawsuits by, in effect, crediting the officer over the plaintiff. This practice, legal scholars say, is part of a broader trend within the judiciary toward erecting barriers to bringing civil excessive-force cases against police officers.
At stake is not just the chance of a plaintiff, like Salazar-Limon, to prove to a jury of his peers that he’s telling the truth about how the police treated him. What’s at stake—at a moment when faith in government to take seriously allegations of police misconduct is at a low point in many communities—is the perceived legitimacy of federal courts as fair and unbiased institutions among a significant cross section of Americans.
* * *
As Salazar-Limon remembers it, his encounter with Thompson began innocuously enough: license and registration, mild puzzlement over his Mexican identification card (Salazar-Limon moved to Texas from central Mexico when he was 16), Thompson’s walk back to his patrol car to run Salazar-Limon’s information. The standard tenor of the stop didn’t last. A few minutes later, Thompson reemerged into the sodium light of the freeway, stopped in the gap between his car and the truck, and called for Salazar-Limon to join him.
As the two men stood between the still-running vehicles, Thompson told Salazar-Limon he was taking him to jail. In answer to Salazar-Limon’s “Why?” Thompson replied curtly: “Don’t ask.” Thompson moved to handcuff Salazar-Limon, but the man snatched his hand away and turned around. As cars sped by on the freeway, Salazar-Limon began to walk away from Thompson, through the narrow space between the Jersey barrier and his truck. “I became frightened,” he later explained.
Salazar-Limon didn’t get more than a few steps before he heard Thompson shout for him to stop. He didn’t, and instead took another step or two. Then, as he later recounted, “I hear: Boom. I began to feel hot in my back, wet. And so I turn around, and I see him. And then I fall.” Salazar-Limon collapsed near the front of his truck. He tried to reach for the bumper to pull himself to his feet, but he could no longer move his legs. “I was kind of like suffocating,” Salazar-Limon recalled during a deposition. “I was, like, leaving. I was dying.” In a photograph taken later that night, a blood smear, illuminated by the headlights of his truck, stains the gray asphalt beside the barrier.
* * *
Thompson remembers that night differently. When Salazar-Limon rolled down his window, Thompson smelled alcohol. (Salazar-Limon later said he’d had between three and five beers in the previous four hours.) After Thompson ran Salazar-Limon’s information, he had the man step out of his truck and walk with him to the gap between the truck and the patrol car. Thompson told Salazar-Limon in a calm voice that he needed to detain him while he conducted a sobriety test. He asked Salazar-Limon to turn around and put his hands behind his back.
He complied. But as Thompson reached for an arm to handcuff him, Salazar-Limon spun around and pushed Thompson toward the freeway. The two wound up in what the officer described as “a wrestler’s lock,” with Salazar-Limon shoving Thompson—the larger of the two by about six inches and 45 pounds—in the direction of the Jersey barrier at the edge of the elevated freeway. (Thompson acknowledged in his deposition that he emerged without a scrape or a bruise.)
In time, Salazar-Limon broke free and began to walk away from Thompson, between the barrier and his truck. The patrolman, alarmed by the scuffle, drew his gun and pointed it at Salazar-Limon. As Thompson kept him in his sights, his eye was drawn not to the driver’s blue slacks or his dress shoes—a doctor a few hours later would label him “well groomed”—but to the untucked button-down shirt that hung over his waistband. Thompson’s thoughts raced: “This guy tried to push me in traffic. He tried to push me over the bridge. I need my gun. I haven’t searched him. He has a long shirt. He’s pushing away for a reason.” He called twice after Salazar-Limon, who was shouting in Spanish, to stop and show his hands.
When Salazar-Limon neared the cab of the truck, he turned over his left shoulder, made eye contact with Thompson, and appeared to reach a hand in front of him toward his waistband. “The brain said, ‘This guy is reaching for a weapon,’” Thompson later recalled. “Pull the trigger.” Then he did.
* * *
In 2011, Salazar-Limon sued Thompson, alleging the officer had violated his constitutional rights. To many—including Sotomayor and Ginsburg—Salazar-Limon’s is a classic example of a case for a jury to decide. As even Justice Samuel Alito conceded in an opinion supporting the Court’s decision, only the two men know what happened between them that night. The passengers in Salazar-Limon’s truck provided no clarity: According to Sean Palavan, an attorney for Salazar-Limon, they said they didn’t see what happened just before Thompson fired.
But that’s not the way it looked to the federal judges who heard the case—a district-court judge in Houston and three judges on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, which covers Texas, Louisiana, and Mississippi. In the view of those judges, no reasonable juror could disbelieve Thompson’s account—that Salazar-Limon turned and reached for his waistband—because Salazar-Limon, who was unarmed, didn’t explicitly deny having done so. On that basis, they granted Thompson summary judgment and refused to let the case go before a jury.
That, Sotomayor wrote on Monday, inverted the summary-judgment formula, amounting to a “fundamental error.” She referenced an earlier, similar case in Texas—also out of the Fifth Circuit—that the Court had decided to act on. In what was widely viewed as an unusual procedural move, in 2014 the Supreme Court summarily reversed two Fifth Circuit opinions because the judges had credited officers’ accounts in police excessive-force cases, and not plaintiffs’. Echoing the justices’ language in that older case, Sotomayor called the lower courts’ actions in Salazar-Limon “a clear misapprehension of summary-judgment standards.”
The practice is not confined to the conservative states of the Fifth Circuit. Also in 2014, Alex Kozinski—at the time, the chief judge of the federal appeals court in California—penned an opinion that rebuked judges who are too quick to respond credulously to officer testimony. Kozinski wrote: If the suspect “didn’t have a gun on him,” a jury might ask—even in the absence of contradictory testimony—“why would he have reached for his waistband?” (Sotomayor in her dissent took note of “the increasing frequency of incidents in which unarmed men allegedly reach for empty waistbands when facing armed officers.”)
In Salazar-Limon’s case, there was a good reason why he didn’t mention his waistband: His deposition took place about two weeks before Thompson’s, where the officer first claimed Salazar-Limon had turned and reached for it. “The plaintiff in his deposition is not asked and does not say, ‘I was not reaching into my waistband,’” said Joanna Schwartz, a University of California, Los Angeles, law professor who has written extensively about police-misconduct litigation. “But everything he says is inconsistent with what the officer is saying.” Lawyers for Thompson, who declined to comment, never asked Salazar-Limon to corroborate or dispute the patrolman’s story.
* * *
The core critique leveled by Sotomayor and Ginsburg at their colleagues Monday was that—as Harvard Law School professor Noah Feldman has observed—the Supreme Court has in recent years regularly chastised lower courts for being too willing to let lawsuits against police advance to a jury. Yet it’s less eager to jump in when a judge has perhaps improperly denied access to a jury in a lawsuit against police. The high court’s solicitous approach to police led Sotomayor to accuse her colleagues in 2015 of “sanctioning a ‘shoot first, think later’ approach to policing.” (In their concurring opinion Monday, Justices Samuel Alito and Clarence Thomas didn’t offer much of a defense of the lower courts’ decisions, and instead leaned on procedural rules to justify their punt.)
But signals from the high court may not be the only thing that has led judges to keep cases like Salazar-Limon’s from juries. Another factor, a Harvard Law Review study on the subject suggests, is what social psychologists call “naïve realism”—the ability to detect value-motivated interpretations of fact in others but not in oneself. For example, a judge might think that only a juror with an unreasonable anti-police bias would see Salazar-Limon’s testimony as inconsistent with Thompson’s. Yet that judge may not realize that his own view of the facts is colored by his faith in police.
“If you’re a federal judge, you probably trust the authorities because you’re one of them and because you’ve had only great experiences with the cops,” said David Hoffman, a law professor at the University of Pennsylvania and an author of the study. “These judges—the people who are making these decisions—haven’t lived the sorts of lives that would make them disposed not to trust the police.”
Whatever the cause, rulings like those in Salazar-Limon’s case carry with them potentially significant social costs. In Sotomayor’s words, they risk imposing “harm on society as a whole.” That includes an erosion of faith in federal courts, once seen as a bulwark against civil-rights violations. For one, these types of rulings deny those who claim to be victims of an abuse of state power access to a core democratic institution—a jury trial. For another, they dismiss as unreasonable a view of police testimony possibly held by a number of potential jurors. (A judge has to find that no reasonable juror could find for the plaintiff before granting summary judgment.)
The potential costs are particularly pronounced today, given widespread skepticism in many American communities of the willingness and ability of government officials to hold police accountable for misconduct. Grave concerns have been raised over whether internal-affairs investigators or prosecutors are taking such concerns seriously. A judge stepping into the place of a civilian jury can leave a federal court open to the same criticism—yet another government official denying alleged victims access to the legal process.
“It’s like you’ve been assaulted again. These judges take an oath before God and man to be administrators of justice, and they’re not doing their jobs,” said Marian Tolan, a plaintiff in one of the Fifth Circuit cases the Supreme Court summarily reversed in 2014. “It’s only justice for some and not justice for all.”
For those who maintain they have been mistreated by police, “this kind of civil litigation is in some ways the last hope,” said Howard Wasserman, a law professor at Florida International University and scholar of policing and civil-rights litigation. “Police departments aren’t doing a good job of policing themselves. It’s really hard to get grand juries to indict an officer, and we’ve seen it’s very hard to get a jury to convict an officer in criminal cases. It’s really hard for the federal government to step in with civil-rights prosecutions because the state-of-mind requirement is too high”—proof beyond a reasonable doubt that an officer deliberately deprived a person of his or her rights—“and now we have a Department of Justice that has absolutely no interest in bringing those sorts of cases. So this is it, if you’re talking about some way to sanction officer-involved shootings.”
Not everybody agrees that appearances should concern courts. “There is a need to have better community relations and better understanding on both sides,” said Kevin Boyle, general counsel of the International Union of Police Associations. “But the courts are not the place to worry about community relations or community perceptions. That’s at the community and department level. The court is there to find the truth.”
Although Justice Sotomayor’s dissent may offer some backing to plaintiffs in future cases, it offers little to Salazar-Limon. He remains “a guy who was shot, who was unarmed, who’s paralyzed, and who won’t get to see the inside of a courtroom,” said David Mills, who represented him in his appeal to the Supreme Court. Now 31, he has spent several years training to work with computers, a career move necessitated by his paralysis. Another of his lawyers said Salazar-Limon has moved on from his anger at Thompson, but it remained palpable nearly three years after the shooting, during his deposition. “I believe he used too much force. He’s nobody to decide my life. He ruined my life,” Salazar-Limon said. “I’m suing him because he ruined my life.”



ARTICLE
If President Trump wants to shut down the federal government over funding for his southern border wall, Democrats seem happy to oblige him.
Four days before a deadline for Congress to pass a spending bill, the big question is just how much Trump wants to have the fight his administration has begun to wage over the centerpiece of his presidential campaign. Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill have been negotiating for weeks on legislation to avert a shutdown on April 29 and fund the government for the remaining five months of the fiscal year. Officials in both parties have characterized the talks positively: Neither side wants a shutdown, and they have largely reached agreement on the critical issues of how much money to appropriate to each department and agency.
“The appropriators have basically worked out everything. The real questions now are really above the appropriators’ level,” Representative Tom Cole, a senior Republican on the House Appropriations Committee, told me late last week.
The wall has remained the chief sticking point—not so much between Republicans and Democrats as between Congress and the White House. Democrats had made clear from the outset they would not green light funds for a project they consider to be an immoral boondoggle and one which, as they are quick to remind the public, Trump promised would be paid for by Mexico. And although the president had requested a $1.4 billion downpayment in the current budget talks, Republicans were content to put off the fight until lawmakers debate spending levels for 2018. The GOP’s reluctance to insist on wall funding was also due to divisions within their party, as most of the lawmakers representing the border have withheld their support for the project.
But in recent days, both Trump and his top advisers have tried to jam the wall back into the negotiations. Mick Mulvaney, the president’s budget director, has suggested a trade in which the administration would agree to continue making payments to health insurers that Democrats are seeking for the Affordable Care Act if they agreed to begin funding the wall. Democrats rejected the idea immediately, but Reince Priebus, the chief of staff, and Sean Spicer, the chief spokesman, have continued to insist the wall money is a top priority for the president, along with extra funds for the Defense Department that Democrats are less likely to oppose.
“If the administration insists on funding for a wall in this bill, it will endanger the prospects of a bill passing and raise the prospects of a government shutdown,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer warned in a floor speech on Monday afternoon.
Yet despite the administration’s increasingly aggressive advocacy for the wall money, it’s not clear that Trump would actually shut down the government over it. Would the president veto a spending bill that stiffed his treasured project? Neither he nor his senior aides have been willing to make that threat. In comments over the weekend and on Monday, they’ve each left open the possibility of a compromise in which Democrats would approve more money for border security so long as it doesn’t go toward developing or constructing a physical wall. And in a meeting on Monday with conservative journalists, Trump reportedly said he would be willing to wait until the next government funding battle in September to get money for the wall. Democrats leaped at the possibility that the president had flinched; Schumer and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi each released statements praising Trump for apparently softening his demands.
Congress could also head off a last-minute standoff by doing what it does best—buying more time. Republican leaders could put up a bill extending the funding deadline by a few days or even a week, thereby avoiding the embarrassment of national parks and museums closing their doors on Trump’s 100th day in office. Democrats have the power to shut down the government by staging a filibuster in the Senate, and they have warned that they will only support a stopgap measure if the parties have reached a broader agreement. But they would be hard-pressed to block a short-term bill that continues current funding without objectionable policies.
Democrats clearly relish the idea of a showdown with Trump over the wall. Congressional Republicans, on the other hand, do not. “I wouldn’t risk a $1 trillion funding bill for a $3 billion wall,” Cole said Monday on “Morning Joe.” “There’s another way, another time, to do this.”
Republicans remember well that they took the blame for the last government shutdown, in 2013. And that was when Democrats held both the White House and the Senate. In this case, it would be Democrats provoking a shutdown if they blocked legislation containing funding for the wall with a Senate filibuster. But leaders in both parties believe that voters would fault the party they just entrusted with unified control of the government.
Trump believes he has leverage in the subsidies for Obamacare, which are the subject of a lawsuit that House Republicans filed against the Obama administration. While the litigation proceeds, it is up to the administration whether to continue making payments to insurers to help alleviate cost of covering high-risk, more expensive customers under the law. But there, too, the president might be mistaken in his calculations. While Democrats have insisted on language in the spending bill requiring the government to continue the subsidies, a number of top Republicans have also backed the payments on a temporary basis to avoid a meltdown in the insurance market that would hurt their constituents—and for which they might take the blame. “I personally don't think we ought to be disrupting markets,” Cole told me, noting that both Trump and congressional leaders have promised not to pull the rug out from people while the GOP tries to repeal Obamacare.
The next few days are likely to present the president with a stark choice. He can take the deal Democrats and Republicans are negotiating on Capitol Hill, which almost certainly will give him some of his defense and border money but not funds specifically designated for the wall. Or he can confront the Democrats and risk a shutdown, setting up a partisan clash earlier in his presidency than many in Congress expected. But if Trump chooses to fight, he must first make sure he has his reluctant party behind him.



ARTICLE
During his first public remarks since leaving the White House, former President Barack Obama avoided weighing in on the new administration and encouraged students to become politically involved. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn are expected to meet with congressional leaders to discuss tax reform on Tuesday. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer told reporters that President Trump could help avert a government shutdown if he stopped insisting on the construction of a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. Trump congratulated astronaut Peggy Whitson for breaking the U.S. record for the most time spent in space, calling it a “special day in the glorious history of American spaceflight.” Workers in New Orleans removed a monument to an 1874 white-supremacist uprising, and will soon remove statues commemorating Confederate leaders.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.
The Status on Russia: In January, the Senate Intelligence Committee launched its probe into Russia’s interference in the 2016 presidential election. Since then, the panel has made little progress in the investigation, and partisan divisions threaten to further derail it. (Michael Isikoff, Yahoo)
Macron Can’t Fix France: French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron is “the candidate of the status quo,” writes John O’Sullivan, and if he wins the presidency, he’s likely to worsen France’s national crisis, rather than help it. (National Review)
Self-Fulfilling Prophecy: FBI Director James Comey tried to avoid the appearance of partisan bias within the bureau. His handling of investigations into Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump not only politicized the agency—it also shaped the 2016 election. (Matt Apuzzo, Michael S. Schmidt, Adam Goldman, Eric Lichtblau, The New York Times)
Trump Is Watching: “Television is often the guiding force of his day, both weapon and scalpel, megaphone and news feed,” write Ashley Parker and Robert Costa. It’s also become the medium through which White House officials and foreign leaders can reach him. (The Washington Post)
Empty Threats: During a three-hour town hall session, Idaho Representative Raúl Labrador wasn’t criticized for opposing the GOP health-care bill—a sign that many Freedom Caucus members “face little pressure from constituents to toe the party leadership line as more legislative fights loom.” (Katie Glueck, McClatchy DC)
‘Believe Me’: CNN analyzed President Trump’s public statements during his first three months in office. View these illustrations to learn which phrases he uses the most and what they say about his style as a communicator.
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner has been a D.C. tradition since 1921, with journalists and administration officials coming together once a year to eat, drink, and roast the current president. President Trump won’t be attending this year’s dinner, which takes place on Saturday, but he did attend the dinner in 2011, when then-President Obama made a few jokes at Trump’s expense.
What jokes or moments stand out to you from past dinners?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Every president faces a steep learning curve when he enters the presidency. There is, as John F. Kennedy reportedly said, no school for commanders in chief. Yet even by that standard, recent interviews show a Donald Trump who is genuinely surprised by the size of his duties, the interests he must balance, and the methods required to get that done.
On Sunday, the Associated Press released a transcript of an interview with the president last week. It deserves to be read in full: It captures his constant evasiveness on facts, preferring hyperbole, for example, and his detachment from reality—when asked about a “contract with the American voter” on what he’d achieve in 100 days, Trump dismisses it, saying, “Somebody put out the concept of a hundred-day plan.”
Yet while Trump can be evasive, and he is often deeply misleading, the AP interview and another recent discussion with The Wall Street Journal are fascinating documents for what they show about a president reckoning frankly with how little he understands the government.
“The financial cost of everything is so massive, every agency,” Trump told the AP. “This is thousands of times bigger, the United States, than the biggest company in the world. The second-largest company in the world is the Defense Department. The third-largest company in the world is Social Security. The fourth-largest—you know, you go down the list …. And every agency is, like, bigger than any company. So you know, I really just see the bigness of it all, but also the responsibility.”
Trump is right, but the government has long been enormous. What is different is that Trump ended up in the Oval Office having expressed little interest in how the government worked over the preceding decades of his life, and barely more during the presidential campaign. While he demonstrated a prodigious, intuitive grasp of electoral politics, policy held little interest for him; and because, despite that intuitive grasp, he did not expect to win the election, he did little to prepare himself.
During the campaign, Trump boasted that if elected he could cram and catch up, and now that process is in action. Some of what Trump is learning is purely factual—such as the size of the government, or his new understanding of how the Export-Import Bank functions. According to Peter Baker, Trump only asked how surveillance worked after he lobbed a wholly unsubstantiated claim of wiretapping at Barack Obama. Discussing his decision not to brand China a currency manipulator, as he had promised during the campaign, he told the AP, “But President Xi [Jinping], from the time I took office, he has not, they have not been currency manipulators.” This is true—but China quit devaluing its currency in 2014, long before Trump entered office.
But many of his revelations concern the human dimension of his job. His central new insight seems to be that in the world of politics, the personal is far more important than he realized. This might be a surprise from a man often described (sometimes pejoratively, but often not) as “transactional,” but as Trump notes, “Here, everything, pretty much everything you do in government, involves heart, whereas in business, most things don't involve heart … In fact, in business you're actually better off without it.”
One good example of how this manifests itself is the decision to strike Syria with missile strikes after a chemical attack by the Assad government. His quick change of position—from being staunchly against intervention against Assad to launching airstrikes—was dizzying, but seemed to be largely an emotional reaction to the horror of images from the strike. Yet despite tough talk about the military, he had apparently never grappled with one reality of being commander in chief up until then:

When it came time to, as an example, send out the 59 missiles, the Tomahawks in Syria. I'm saying to myself, “You know, this is more than just like, 79 [sic] missiles. This is death that's involved,” because people could have been killed. This is risk that's involved, because if the missile goes off and goes in a city or goes in a civilian area—you know, the boats were hundreds of miles away—and if this missile goes off and lands in the middle of a town or a hamlet .... every decision is much harder than you'd normally make.

Even where human life is not involved, basic human emotions are. Discussing the question of Chinese currency manipulation, Trump acknowledged that even if Beijing were still devaluing, he might be unable to pressure the government too forcefully
“But more importantly than him not being a currency manipulator the bigger picture, bigger than even currency manipulation, if he's helping us with North Korea, with nuclear and all of the things that go along with it, who would call, what am I going to do, say, ‘By the way, would you help us with North Korea? And also, you're a currency manipulator.’?” Trump asked. “It doesn't work that way.”
The president is, of course, correct: It’s very hard to get a country to cooperate with you on a critical issue of national security if you’re starting a trade war with them on the side. But Trump’s campaign was constructed on the premise that you could do that, and with just a little more tough talk against the Chinese, just a little rougher rhetoric toward Iran, just a little more willingness to speak about “radical Islamic terror,” these problems would be manageable. It wasn’t so long ago that Trump was branding Obama a weakling for refusing to act more harshly.
It will be interesting to see how lasting Trump’s new view is, and how effectively he can adapt to it. As he has said, in the business world, he could be motivated by the profit motive alone—and occasionally by the impulse to revenge. “Get even with people,” he said in Australia in 2011. “If they screw you, screw them back 10 times as hard. I really believe it.”
By contrast, his rival in the 2016 election, Hillary Clinton, had a much softer view of what leadership required. “I know it’s not usual for somebody running for president to say what we need more of in this country is love and kindness,” she said in June. “But that’s exactly what we need more of.”
That’s strikingly similar to what the president told the AP last week.
“You have to love people,” he said, sounding far more like the Hillary Clinton of 2016 than the Donald Trump who was running against her.



ARTICLE
President Trump knows that the United States is suffering through one of the worst drug epidemics on record. Its breadth was captured well by Christopher Caldwell, who looked back for comparisons. “A heroin scourge in America’s housing projects coincided with a wave of heroin-addicted soldiers brought back from Vietnam, with a cost peaking between 1973 and 1975 at 1.5 overdose deaths per 100,000,” he began by way of context. “The Nixon White House panicked. Curtis Mayfield wrote his ballad ‘Freddie’s Dead.’ The crack epidemic of the mid- to late 1980s was worse, with a death rate reaching almost two per 100,000. George H. W. Bush declared war on drugs. The present opioid epidemic is killing 10.3 people per 100,000, and that is without the fentanyl-impacted statistics from 2016. In some states it is far worse: over thirty per 100,000 in New Hampshire and over forty in West Virginia.”
Roughly 52,000 Americans died of drug overdoses in 2015.
And drugs came up in Trump’s interview with the Associated Press. This is how they came up:

TRUMP: Well, first of all, the wall will cost much less than the numbers I'm seeing. I'm seeing numbers, I mean, this wall is not going to be that expensive.

AP: What do you think the estimate on it would be?

TRUMP: Oh I'm seeing numbers — $24 billion, I think I'll do it for $10 billion or less. That's not a lot of money relative to what we're talking about. If we stop 1 percent of the drugs from coming in — and we'll stop all of it.

But if we stop 1 percent of the drugs because we have the wall — they're coming around in certain areas, but if you have a wall, they can't do it because it's a real wall. That's a tremendously good investment, 1 percent. The drugs pouring through on the southern border are unbelievable. We're becoming a drug culture, there's so much. And most of it's coming from the southern border.

The wall will stop the drugs.

This is a remarkable amount of nonsense to pack into one answer. There are so many layers to it.
Meanwhile, elsewhere in Trump administration drug policy, “The top government lawyers from 19 states, including Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan, are telling President Donald Trump and the Republican leaders of Congress not to pass health insurance changes that would stop the flow of federal drug treatment money.”
The Associated Press story continues:

The attorneys general’s letter said that a bill that died last month could have eventually cut more than $13 billion a year in treatment funding through a combination of direct cuts and caps on Medicaid. Medicaid changes could have ended coverage for an estimated 24 million people; for many with addictions, the taxpayer funded health insurance program is the only way to pay for treatment. They attorneys general warned any plan like that would be a blow to a country dealing with an epidemic of addiction to opioids including heroin, fentanyl and prescription pain drugs.

Taken together, this is quintessential Trump. He persuaded his credulous base that he really cares about addressing the “drug culture” that has devastated so many communities.
Yet he is so ignorant of policy, or duplicitous, or obsessed with building a wall, or perhaps all three, that $10 billion to stop a fraction of 1 percent of illegal drug imports strikes him as a deal, so long as that sum comes in the form of a wall—even as he joined Republicans in pushing a bill that would cut $13 billion to help addicts get off drugs.
Amid a national catastrophe as serious as the opioid drug crisis, Trump lacks the knowledge and discipline to pursue the sorts of policies that would save more lives or do more good, even when the flaws of his alternative approach are glaringly obvious. The full consequences of his frustrating shortcomings may prove terrible, indeed.



ARTICLE
Sean Spicer was in trouble. In a press conference addressing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s use of chemical weapons against his own people, the White House press secretary had fallen into one of his signature slow-moving train-wrecks of an analogy: “You had someone as despicable as Hitler who didn’t even sink to using chemical weapons,” he said, later clarifying that he understood Hitler did use them in “the Holocaust centers” but didn’t use them “on his own people.” The claims were wrong in just about every way: Adolf Hitler used gas chambers to murder millions of Jews in concentration camps across Europe, including German citizens.
“BREAKING NEWS: SEAN SPICER DENIES HITLER GASSED JEWS DURING THE HOLOCAUST,” the Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect wrote in all-caps on Facebook. “MR. PRESIDENT, FIRE SEAN SPICER NOW.” Weeks earlier, the center had slammed Donald Trump for being slow to condemn a recent wave of bomb threats against Jewish Community Centers—“a Band-Aid on the cancer of anti-Semitism that has infected his own administration,” it said—and the White House’s failure to mention Jews in its statement on Holocaust Remembrance Day. Dozens of news outlets picked up the statements, and the group’s executive director, Steven Goldstein, was all over television. After all, this was the American organization that speaks for Anne Frank, the teenaged author of the world-famous diary about her life in hiding in Amsterdam before she was murdered in a Nazi concentration camp.
Or does it speak for her? The Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect, known until about a year ago as the Anne Frank Center USA, is a small organization of about nine staffers. It is independent from the Anne Frank House in Amsterdam, which memorializes Anne’s hiding place, and is not connected at all to the Anne Frank Fonds, the Swiss organization that owns the rights to Anne’s diary. Before Goldstein officially became executive director in June 2016, the center was an obscure educational organization with a tiny storefront museum in New York City that few visited. And though the organization claims it was founded by Anne’s father, Otto Frank, in 1959, the organization’s own historical documentation and people who were part of its founding say it was actually started in 1977, and Otto Frank had no direct involvement.
The Jewish world is full of organizations that advocate against anti-Semitism and discrimination, including groups like the Anti-Defamation League and the American Jewish Committee. Unlike the Anne Frank Center, these organizations have years of experience, dozens of offices, and sizeable grassroots support. They also have clear frameworks for defining and combatting anti-Semitism—even the ADL, which is known for its strongly worded statements, didn’t call Spicer’s ill-advised comments “Holocaust denial.” The Anne Frank Center has reliably been willing to criticize the Trump administration in more aggressive and hyperbolic terms than any of these well-established groups, and media outlets have credulously rewarded it with extensive coverage.
The center’s transformation was no accident. It recently got a new board chair, a private-wealth manager named Peter Rapaport, and he brought on Goldstein, who has a background in political organizing. It shuttered its small museum and disbanded its board of advisers comprised of Holocaust experts. All of the staffers who were working there when Goldstein arrived have left.
With just its famous name and a savvy social-media strategy, the Anne Frank Center has transformed into a putative authority on anti-Semitism and American politics. But it’s not at all clear the organization speaks for anybody other than its own leaders—not Holocaust scholars, Anne Frank’s family, or the Jewish community. Ultimately, by politicizing Anne Frank, the group may undermine her legacy.
* * *
The history of Anne Frank organizations is complicated. After World War II, Anne’s diary was published and became an international sensation. A Hollywood adaptation won three Oscars and a Broadway play endeared Anne to the New York City theater crowd. In 1957, the Anne Frank Foundation, or Stichting in Dutch, was created to preserve the house where Anne and her family hid from the Nazis between 1942 and 1944. A few years later, Otto Frank established the Anne Frank Fonds in Basel as his family’s foundation and universal heir.
On its website, the American Anne Frank Center claims it was created in 1959 “with Anne’s father Otto Frank among its founders.” Goldstein provided me with a letter from 1958 as proof of the center’s origins. The letter appears to be a fundraising appeal from the Anne Frank Stichting in Amsterdam; at that time, it was trying to raise money to save Anne’s house from demolition. “It is contemplated that after this first fund raising no further appeals for large funds will be needed,” the letter said. Otto Frank is not its author. He is only mentioned once, toward the end: The upkeep costs of the house in Amsterdam would “be met by small contributions from school children in many countries and from a few private sources, including Anne’s father, Otto Frank,” it says. The letterhead bears the name of the “American Committee for the International Anne Frank Youth Center,” but the text goes on to call it a “temporary committee.”
“I don’t think Otto Frank had anything to do with any organization … in the ’50s or ’60s. I’m pretty sure. I would have known that.”
Bauco van der Wal, who oversaw the Anne Frank House in Amsterdam during the late 1970s and ’80s, said he does not think any American Anne Frank organization existed in 1959. “I don’t think Otto Frank had anything to do with any organization set up with his approval or his initiative anywhere in the ’50s or ’60s,” he said. “I’m pretty sure. I would have known that.”
According to van der Wal, the U.S. organization now known as the Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect wasn’t started for another two decades—and it was his job to start it. At the time, the Anne Frank Stichting was hoping to build an American fundraising arm: “We tried to see if we could find a foothold in the United States,” van der Wal said. He established the American Friends of the Anne Frank Center in New York City with the help of several Holocaust survivors, including a man from Austria named Ernest Nives and a man from the Netherlands named Jack Polak. Otto Frank was not part of that effort: “I went to see him every two or three months in his home in Basel to tell him what was going on, but that was basically as far as his involvement was. He didn’t okay it, and he didn’t say it was not allowed,” van der Wal said. “He was also an old man in those days.”
The contemporary organization tells the story differently. On its website, in emails to its supporters, and in the media, the center says it was started directly by Otto Frank. In a June 2016 email announcing a “new era” at the Anne Frank Center, Goldstein made this claim clear: “Otto Frank, Anne’s father, founded our organization—ours, right here in the United States—to partner with the Anne Frank House in Amsterdam and the Anne Frank Fonds in Basel,” he wrote.
But other people who were around during the organization’s early years were also skeptical that Otto Frank was one of the founders in 1977. Grayson Covil, who served as a staffer and, later, as executive director during the late ’80s and ’90s, said 1977 was when the organization obtained its 501(c)(3) status. “I don’t believe that Otto Frank started the American Friends of the Anne Frank Center,” its name at the time, she said. Nives, the first president of the organization, died in 2006, but his wife, Fanny, told me she didn’t think Otto Frank was involved, either. “I think my husband met with him once or twice,” she said.
“Nobody says that he went door to door to build this organization. That was left to Americans.”
Goldstein pointed me to documents from 1977 to demonstrate that Otto Frank was involved, but these also did not conclusively prove his claims. In a letter, Nives announces that “a U.S. tax-exempt organization has recently been formed to support various projects of the Anne Frank Center in Amsterdam.” He only mentions Otto Frank once, in a postscript noting that the names of people who received the letter were “furnished to us by the Anne Frank Center, Amsterdam and/or Otto Frank.” This fits van der Wal’s telling of the history: Otto Frank may have been aware of the organization’s creation, and contacts he provided to the Stichting may have been used in an initial fundraising appeal for the American center, but it’s not clear that Frank did anything beyond that. “Nobody says that he went door to door to build this organization,” Goldstein said in response. “That was left to Americans.”
There are other, more anodyne apparent errors in the way the organization tells its history. For example: On the website, the organization claims that it took the name Anne Frank Center in 1977. That’s not right, said Covil: It started out as the American Friends of the Anne Frank Center, referring to the Stichting in Amsterdam, and didn’t drop the “American Friends” part until the late ’80s or early ’90s while she was at the organization. The documents Goldstein provided also say this was the group’s name starting in 1977.
Goldstein attributes the confusion over the organization’s history to years of mismanagement. “When I looked at the historic research, I, too, saw different names for this organization from 1959 until 2016,” he told me. “I saw a vague and incoherent purpose. The organization didn’t seem to know—beyond in letter, I’m talking about in spirit—how much did it report to European organizations, how much was it a friend of the House, versus how much it was supposed to do independent work.” He told me “the questions you’re posing—these are the same questions I had. I can only give you my perspective [as] an outsider … who wasn’t around from 1959. I was born in 1962.”
“To believe that Anne Frank is a sort of Mother Teresa, or a universal symbol of tolerance and goodness—I don’t see it in the diary.”
At small organizations like this, historical memory can easily get lost. Polak, the Holocaust survivor and long-time board member, died in 2015. Even his son, Tony, who serves as a board trustee, couldn’t remember details about when the group was founded—he had to ask Goldstein. There’s an argument to be made that it doesn’t really matter what year the center started or whether Otto Frank was involved, anyways: It has clearly set a new direction and goal for itself.
On the other hand, the newly reinvented center is using Anne Frank’s name for moral credibility and historical authority, which many news organizations have taken at face value over the last several months. It’s also associating Anne Frank with specific political statements—ones that are stridently partisan.
* * *
The debate over how to use Anne’s legacy is long standing in the Holocaust-education world. For all his disagreements with the organization’s historical narrative, van der Wal said he supports what Goldstein’s Anne Frank Center is doing. In fact, during van der Wal’s tenure, the Anne Frank House in Amsterdam was also politically outspoken on issues like apartheid, nuclear armament, and what he called neo-fascism. “My position has always been that the fate of Anne Frank is an example of what might happen if people don’t let other people live in freedom and equality,” van der Wal said. “To make statements about discriminatory remarks or racist remarks or anti-Semitic remarks, evoking the name of Anne Frank, is right.”
But just as Goldstein’s approach has rankled some people in America—Alan Dershowitz, the emeritus Harvard law professor, told me Goldstein is making “over-the-top, irresponsible, exaggerated statements designed to bring him publicity”—the Anne Frank House’s political activity in the ’70s and ’80s upset folks. “It got a lot of people’s backs up,” said Rolf Wolfswinkel, a scholar who studies Anne Frank’s diary and teaches at New York University. During this period, he often brought students to visit the House. “I think that we have to tread carefully if we want to make the diary part of a political agenda,” he said. “The danger is to read things into her diary that are not there. It’s a 15-year-old girl. … To believe that Anne Frank is a sort of Mother Teresa, or a universal symbol of tolerance and goodness—I don’t see it in the diary.”
Goldstein disagrees that it is “‘politicizing’ our organization to be tough on Sean Spicer,” he told me. “I believe that Donald Trump has an astounding insensitivity to the Jewish community that boggles the mind.” He thinks it would be irresponsible not to call out the administration. “How many times are [we] supposed to say, ‘Well, that’s just a mistake, there’s nothing anti-Semitic going on here’?” he said. “If it talks and quacks like a duck tinged with anti-Semitism, it’s a duck tinged with anti-Semitism.”
“I would hate to see her being abused as a rubber doll who you can shake and prod any way you like.”
To some extent, Otto Frank himself might be responsible for the disagreement over how to use Anne’s name. As Goldstein repeatedly pointed out, Otto Frank was a passionate advocate for human rights and urged people to fight prejudice and anti-Semitism in the latter years of his life. According to Wolfswinkel, Otto “felt that if his daughter’s diary had to have any significance beyond what she had written, the message should be universalized. It should be an activist message.” Over the years, this has led to criticism that Otto was making Anne’s story less distinctively Jewish, Wolfswinkel said: “In Jewish circles, that was always considered a little fraudulent. By taking the Jewishness out of the Holocaust, are we still talking about the same thing?”
There’s also the fear that trying to universalize and politicize Anne Frank’s story actually undermines her. “Part of the Holocaust-denial mantra is that the Anne Frank diary is a forgery,” said Dershowitz. “There’s a great effort to destroy the legacy of Anne Frank. That’s part of Holocaust denial. Inadvertently or advertently, this guy contributes to harming the true Anne Frank legacy and heritage.” Wolfswinkel agreed. Is “an agenda of political activism fodder for Holocaust deniers? Yes. I do think that opens up the diary for all kinds of unwanted interpretations,” he said. “I would hate to see her being abused as a rubber doll who you can shake and prod any way you like.”
Both Otto Frank’s intentions and Anne Frank’s legacy remain contested. The two primary Anne Frank organizations in Europe, the Fonds and the Stichting, were circumspect about their American cousin’s present-day activities. The one thing Yves Kugelmann, a Swiss journalist and publisher of Jewish magazines who serves on the board of the Fonds, made clear was this: “Anne Frank is not for politics. Anne Frank is for education.” Otto Frank stepped away from organizations or events “whenever there was politics involved,” Kugelmann said. “If somebody who is using Anne Frank and stepping too far away from the way Otto Frank initiated, maybe they should take another name to be active.” Maatje Mostart, the head of communications at the Anne Frank Stichting, would only say that her organization has “taken note of various recent statements by Steven Goldstein,” emphasizing that the Anne Frank House in Amsterdam is independent from the Anne Frank Center in America. “We stay out of the political playing field, and see it as our task to achieve our mission—combating anti­-Semitism, racism, and discrimination—through our educational activities,” she wrote in an email.
“It isn’t our focus to be pro-Jewish or to be just a Holocaust-education [organization].”
The Anne Frank Center in the U.S. no longer sees itself this way. Rapaport, the organization’s new board chair, said it is neither a Jewish organization nor a Holocaust organization. Teaching about the Holocaust is “a valuable thing, but that’s not what we do,” he told me. “We teach about the thing that we think will prevent future Holocausts. … It isn’t our focus to be pro-Jewish or to be just a Holocaust-education [organization]. We want to use the knowledge of the Holocaust and go further.”
And it’s acted accordingly. Over the last year and a half or so, all of the former employees, who mostly had backgrounds in museum work, have left. At least one was fired, said Rapaport. In an email, Yvonne Simons, the former executive director, said only that “the board of directors choose a different path for the Anne Frank Center and changed its mission after my 10-year tenure.” Several longtime board members have also departed.
Shortly after Goldstein came on, the organization disbanded a long-standing advisory committee of Holocaust scholars, of which Wolfswinkel was part—nobody knew what their purpose was, Goldstein told me, and they didn’t meet very often. William Shulman, the president of the Association of Holocaust Organizations and emeritus professor of history at the City University of New York, was another adviser. He said the Anne Frank Center has been “inactive” in the association, which brings together all of the major Holocaust groups in America. The Anne Frank Center “[pays] their dues,” he said, “but rarely do we see anyone from the organization.” In general, the Anne Frank Center’s outspokenness is “an outlier,” he added. “There’s been universal distaste for doing this. … Our function is not to engage in politics. It’s to engage in Holocaust education, remembrance, and research. Anything that deviates from that damages our mission.”
Goldstein also shut down the little museum in New York City. It was serving an average of six visitors per day, Goldstein said, and people were getting “shpilkes”—Yiddish for “restless”—“going to a gallery downtown filled with thousands of words and not being able to get information quickly.” The center has opened a new office in Manhattan and Los Angeles and hired staff with backgrounds in social-justice organizing. This includes at least one colleague from Goldstein’s old days at Garden State Equality, the LGBT-rights organization he founded in New Jersey after working as a television producer and a short stint as a student at a Reconstructionist rabbinical school. The center’s new style echoes Goldstein’s organizing background. “He’s a force of nature,” said Troy Stevenson, the head of the LGBT-rights organization Freedom Oklahoma, who served as Goldstein’s number two at Garden State Equality for years. “He was very involved with the media. He’s got a long history of knowing how to get a message out.”
Goldstein claims the Anne Frank Center isn’t partisan. “So help me God, if Donald Trump were a Democrat, I would criticize him with the same gusto,” he told me. Rapaport, the board chair, describes himself at as a conservative Republican, and said he’s been going around mocking Breitbart for alleging that the Anne Frank Center has been taken over by left-wing activists. Goldstein is certainly liberal—Stevenson said he was always a staunch Hillary Clinton supporter, and “it seems like [he] took the current administration winning in a very harsh way.” But Goldstein uses different language to describe himself: “I am a social-justice activist [and] a Jewish activist,” he told me. Although the center has no official stance on Israel, Rapaport said, Goldstein noted that he is “a supporter of AIPAC, not J Street”—referring to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee and its slightly more dovish competitor—and “an impassioned Zionist.”
“We are far more than the organization that knows how to write sound bites on Facebook and Twitter.”
Fundraising has been great over the last few months, Goldstein told me. In 2016, the organization was in the black for the first time in four years, he said, and financial statements show that it was able to do this in part because he didn’t take a salary for the first five months of his new gig and through donations from the board that were more than five times greater than in 2015. The center also put more money into educational programs and traveling exhibits than it did in 2015. For many years, this was the center’s focus: It taught lessons on Anne Frank to school children and put on theater performances about her life.
Prior versions of the organization “were doing good work, don’t get me wrong,” Rapaport told me, “but they were doing very little of it.” He and Goldstein hope to expand their educational audience from 3,000 people per year to 300,000. On Monday, the organization is announcing a new campaign to lobby state legislators to make genocide education mandatory in public schools. “We are far more than the organization that knows how to write sound bites on Facebook and Twitter,” Goldstein said.
In other words, it is a tiny organization in the process of reinventing itself. The Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect and Understanding may not be a Holocaust organization, a Jewish organization, or one founded by Anne Frank’s father. It may not have leaders with a scholarly background, a mass membership, or institutional standing among Jewish groups and Holocaust museums. But because it talks a big game and wields the name of Anne Frank, the media has awarded it authority it never earned.



ARTICLE
Obamacare remains the law of the land. So does NAFTA. Tax reform exists only as pixels in a tweet. Infrastructure ain’t happening. Five months after the Republicans won united control of Congress and the presidency, it seems uncertain whether one-party Washington can avoid a government shutdown over a budget dispute.
Yet as Day 100 of his presidency nears, President Donald Trump can take credit for one huge accomplishment, an accomplishment more central to his election campaign than any of the unfulfilled pledges above. Illegal immigration into the United States has slowed dramatically. The Department of Homeland Security reports that illegal crossings across the southern border plunged 40 percent in the first month of the Trump presidency, the steepest decline in illegal migration since the recession of 2009. Illegal immigration by family groups with children has dropped by over 90 percent.
This accomplishment may or may not prove enduring. It was not brought about by any decisive policy change. Trump’s wall is not funded. No new enforcement measures have been put in place. People eligible for President Obama’s delayed action continue to receive work authorization. While arrests of illegal aliens inside the country have accelerated under Trump, actual deportations are running at a slower pace than in the first quarter of 2016. Orders to ban travel from some Muslim-majority countries were widely publicized, but quickly halted by the courts—and in any case, do not seem very relevant to overwhelmingly Catholic Latin America.
This spring’s immigration turnabout was unexpected, to put it mildly, by most participants in the immigration debate. For years, the predominant view has been that migration flows—legal or not—are powered by deep tidal currents beyond the control of mere human governments.
In the summer of 2014, tens of thousands of minors from Central America surged across the southern border. Some few suggested that these immigrants were responding to the incentive offered by Obama’s policy of deferred action for border crossers who arrived under age 18. That view was widely derided as insensitive and uninformed. The young Central Americans had not been “pulled” by U.S. policy; they had been “pushed” 2,200-miles north, across Guatemala and through a dozen Mexican states, by gang violence in their native countries.
So, too, with the mass migration across the western Mediterranean into Italy and via Turkey into southeastern Europe, and then onward to Germany, Sweden, and the United Kingdom. Migrants moved to richer countries because they felt they must, not because they perceived they could. Restrictions were not only inhumane, but futile.
"Flows of Mexican migrants to the United States have been driven since our grandparents’ day by the supply and demand for work on either side of the border, regardless of walls and other obstacles thrown in their way.” So wrote The New York Times’ Eduardo Porter in October 2016, summarizing a bipartisan report by leading figures in the immigration field. He spoke for the consensus. Economic incentives mattered. Legal disincentives did not.
This spring those former certainties suddenly look very wrong. If rude words by the head of government, an inconsistent uptick in interior enforcement, plus a travel ban that flunked judicial review, suffice to cut illegal migration flows by 60 to 90 percent, then the policies and attitudes of the receiving countries begin to look powerful indeed.
Perhaps the Trump effect will prove short-lived. If the economy continues to expand, perhaps illegal migration will resume. But the first quarter of 2017 revealed what is possible. The perception of stricter enforcement can change behavior. That discovery points the way to the next possible accomplishment: building a structure of enforcement that can endure past the first hundred days.
About 1 million unauthorized Mexican immigrants have returned home since 2007. It probably will not be easy to reduce the population of unauthorized Mexican immigrants much more. (About three-quarters of the remaining illegal immigrants have been present in the United States for 10 years or more, according to the Pew survey.) But about half the population of unauthorized immigrants in the United States comes from places other than Mexico, and they are much less long-settled. The perception of more rigorous enforcement may induce more of them to return home, too.
The work of Harvard’s George Borjas suggests that unskilled immigration depresses the wages of unskilled natives and enriches skilled natives by increasing their purchasing power. Skilled immigration has the opposite effect. (Borjas’s findings are contested, but compelling.) It’s not coincidence that countries that favor skilled immigration, like Canada and Australia, have seen slower trends toward wage inequality than countries that favor unskilled immigration, like the United States or Sweden. (Since 1980, Sweden has experienced the most extreme swing toward income inequality of all developed nations. Sweden’s immigration intake actually exceeds that of the United States: About one-fifth of Swedes are either foreign-born themselves, or born to two parents from outside Sweden. In large part because of the country’s huge intake of refugees, especially from the Middle East and Africa, Swedish immigration skews even more unskilled than America’s.)
With that framework in mind, the United States needs to think hard about the kind of immigration policy that makes sense for a country facing persistent stagnation of non-college wages—and on the verge of a robotics revolution that will in fairly short order make obsolete millions of jobs now held by the less skilled: cashiers, truck drivers, fast food workers, and so on. Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue that would reduce the absolute level of legal immigration by about half, back to the levels prevailing before 1991, while holding steady the number of visas for skilled workers—effectively tilting the composition of future flows toward the college-educated.
Passing laws through Congress has not exactly been a point of strength of the Trump administration to date. Nor has the administration shown much interest in thinking systematically about reforms that might actually help the hard-pressed voters who made the difference in the industrial Midwest. But somebody should be thinking about it. Better enforcement joined to enactment of the Cotton-Perdue immigration bill might give an embattled administration and an endangered Republican Congress at least one achievement that might impress somebody other than former senior managers at Goldman Sachs.
Had borders been protected better before, there would be no Trump and LePen now. Demagogues demagogue by talking about issues people care about. The New Deal and the postwar European welfare states were built in great part to beat back the threat of communism—to prove that liberal governments could better meet the grievances the communists exploited. In our time, we now again face an extremist challenge, this time from authoritarian populists on both sides of the Atlantic. Immigration beyond society’s capacity to absorb and assimilate has provided those extremists with their most potent source of strength. Why let them keep it?



ARTICLE
The election of Donald Trump, and the early days of his presidency, have driven many Americans to rummage through history in search of context and understanding. Trump himself has been compared to historical figures ranging from Ronald Reagan to Henry Ford, and from Andrew Jackson to Benito Mussolini. His steps have been condemned as unprecedented by his critics, and praised as historic by his supporters.
To place contemporary events in perspective, we turned to a pair of historians of the United States. Julian Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University. He is the author, most recently, of The Fierce Urgency of Now: Lyndon Johnson, Congress, and the Battle for the Great Society. Morton Keller is a professor emeritus of history at Brandeis University. He has written or edited more than 15 books, including Obama’s Time: A History. They’ll be exchanging views periodically on how to understand Trump, his presidency, and this moment in political time. —Yoni Appelbaum
Julian Zelizer: President Trump’s first 100 days in office are coming to a close. The grades will soon come out. Politicians, journalists, historians are all starting to evaluate how well or how poorly he has done. This does not go down in the “unprecedented” part of this presidency. Ever since President Franklin Roosevelt pushed through Congress a historic legislative agenda in the early part of his term, the 100-day mark has been a standard part of the political lexicon.
There are many reasons for why we keep using this measure. Once FDR set the bar, it became difficult not to make this comparison. For journalists the 100 day-mark is a nice, clean, and simple way to measure how things are going, while politicians look for ways to gauge the strength of the commander in chief. In our current culture of quick, instant satisfaction, we want presidents to deliver on promises right away—and we have little patience for waiting.
But the first 100 days in office don’t really tell us much. Some presidents who get off to a strong start, like Jimmy Carter, go on to struggle during the remainder of their terms. Others, like Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton, have tough early months, but then go on to serve two terms and end their term with strong approval ratings. Some of the biggest presidential achievements, like President Richard Nixon’s trip to China or President Obama’s health-care reform, come long after the 100 days are over.
It’s also not clear what we should measure. In the current era of strong presidents, executive orders and action should certainly be part of what we evaluate. So, too, should actions by Cabinet leaders, as we see in the current administration when rightward leaning agency secretaries are working hard to undercut the missions of their own programs.
Putting too much pressure on success in the first 100 days creates incentives for quick, and sometimes hasty, action. Great legislation can take time to produce. The legislative process requires what political scientist Nelson Polsby called periods of policy incubation when experts revise and strengthen ideas, where policy makers build support for a bill, and when elected officials can evaluate what kind of legislation will work best. Doing everything up front and right away is often antithetical to success especially in a polarized age when “no” is usually the easiest answer to new ideas.
I am as guilty as anyone else for still using this concept but it is probably time to move on to other measures. Asking how presidents did in the first 100 days usually tells us little about what is to come and might even create the exact political incentives we need to avoid.
Morton Keller: The concept of the 100-day marker appears to have originated in the time between Napoleon’s leaving Elba and reinstatement as emperor in Paris, and the restoration of the French monarchy after Waterloo. It appeared in American politics with FDR’s first three months in office after his March 1933 inauguration. In both cases the term’s appeal lies in its implication of a revolutionary turnover in political events: Napoleon’s final removal from power, Roosevelt’s first New Deal.
The term has been applied in more recent times, and to more normal leaders, to describe their pivots from a determination to fulfill what were seen as their electoral mandates (usually without success) to more nuanced or even quite different policies (usually with some success). This was true of Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton.
And what about Trump? You are quite right, Julian, to reserve judgment on that score. Initially, the new president seemed hell-bent on fulfilling his most fearsome nationalist, xenophobic, isolationist rhetoric. More recently, he has shown signs of leaning toward policies, personnel, and politics that are more mainstream than slipstream.
Which is it to be? Reinstatement of the Trumpian Revolution in all its often maleficent character, a la Napoleon after Elba? A modified, and ultimately more successful, reshaping of his initial policy intent, a la Reagan? Or a sea change in policy a la FDR or, less sweepingly, Clinton?
I am in full agreement with you that this is no time to attempt a conclusive assessment of what the Trump presidency is up to, and where it is heading. The media savants who explain politics to the masses appear to be quite certain of their positions, varied though they are. As historians, we are duty-bound to withhold judgment when the available evidence is as varied and conflicting as, just now, it is.
Zelizer:  I’m glad we are in agreement on this one. I would add that the entire concept, as we commonly use it, does reflect a problem with our current approach to politics generally. As you taught me many years ago, and I keep learning, legislating just takes time and many tries. I was always struck when writing about the history of Medicare, that it really took almost a decade until legislators got it right. Many versions were tried, voted on, and revised until we reached the breakthrough of 1965.
I do think we have a president who has especially little appreciation for that, and won’t put much work into doing this with policies. But that’s for another conversation. At a minimum maybe we can give presidents 200 days?
Keller: When Harold Macmillan was asked what determined the course of British politics, he is supposed to have replied: “Events, my dear boy, events.” That was certainly the case with Clinton, who was shaken into a new policy course by the 1994 bye-election results (and perhaps by the spectacular failure of Hillarycare). Similarly, 9/11 turned George W. Bush from a rather inert president to one whose new-found reputation as a leader in the fight against terrorism may well have been the determining factor in his 2004 defeat of John Kerry.  
So why substitute the 100 days invention with a 200 days one? Why don’t we wait on events, and when in our judgment a substantive pattern is emerging, say so?



ARTICLE
“I am writing to tell you that I am gay and I am a Christian.”
That was the opening line of the letter Richard Grenell, a former United Nations official, sent his evangelical parents when he decided to come out in 1999. He had kept his sexual orientation a secret from them for years, but after he fell in love with his now-longtime partner, he knew it was time to get his personal life in order.
President Trump reportedly plans to nominate Grenell to be his ambassador to NATO, a position that would make Grenell the highest-ranking gay man in the new administration, and arguably the most visible gay Christian in America. Yet his appointment could potentially influence more than the country’s ties to the military alliance—by pushing conservative Christians to reconsider their approach to LGBT rights and equality.
Grenell, a conservative and a Harvard graduate, boasts an extensive political resume that’s punctuated by his role as the longest serving U.S. spokesman at the United Nations. Four years after leaving the UN, he served as Mitt Romney’s national-security and foreign-affairs spokesman during the 2012 campaign for president. These days, Grenell works as a communications consultant and is a contributor on Fox News.
Grenell’s upbringing didn’t necessarily suggest a life in politics; his childhood reads like the opening chapter of an evangelist’s autobiography. Converted at a young age, he spent his summers at religious youth camps and traveling to foreign countries on mission trips to evangelize non-Christians. While his devout parents moved back and forth from California to Michigan, the church remained the constant in his life. Attending multiple services each week was mandatory, but no one needed to twist young Grenell’s arm. “Growing up in church, I think I recognized the need for God and that Jesus died for my sins,” Grenell told me. “So I wanted to forge a path toward living a Christian life and learning along that road.”
Traveling that road meant ignoring his sexual identity. Though he’s known since childhood that he’s gay, Grenell felt his identity was incompatible with his faith. Beginning as early as junior high school, he spent his prayer time asking God why he was created this way.
Ironically, Grenell began confronting his sexual orientation while attending Evangel College, a private university in Springfield, Missouri, affiliated with the conservative Assemblies of God denomination. He found the school to be intellectually rigorous, though it was legalistic and “promoted a very simplistic view of Christianity,” he said.
But a class on the teachings of British writer C.S. Lewis transformed him. In Grenell’s assessment, Lewis taught that “if you want to live in God’s image, then you have to live a truthful existence.” That meant confronting his struggles.
“My time at Evangel taught me that all truth is God’s truth no matter where it’s found, which resonated with me ironically because my truth was that I was born gay,” Grenell said. “I started to realize that if I wanted to be authentic about who I was and have a real relationship with the creator, I had to find a way to be honest.”
When conservative Christians who are LGBT begin to acknowledge their sexual identities, it often means abandoning their faith, as their fellow believers are inclined to view their identities and relationships as sinful. But Grenell held tightly to his faith as he left Evangel and headed to Harvard’s Kennedy School of Government in 1997. During his time in graduate school, Grenell was mentored by the late Peter Gomes, an African American, then-Republican minister who served as a professor of Christian morals at Harvard Divinity School.
Gomes, who came out as gay himself in 1991, shepherded Grenell back to the handful of Bible passages that address homosexuality. Together, they studied the original language, the cultural context of the verses, and how they were translated into English. As the exercise progressed, Grenell became convinced that being gay was not incompatible with being Christian.
“Peter taught me to peel back the modern, 1950s interpretation of the Bible and go back to the original text and intent of what God was saying to us,” he said. “It became crystal-clear that man’s teachings on the Bible have been misused and egocentric and manipulative.” The result, Grenell said, was that he finally embraced his identity as a gay man and also “fell back in love with the idea of God, Jesus Christ, and the greatest sacrifice to atone for sins ever.”
Two decades later, Grenell can still be found in church most Sundays, joined by his partner of 15 years, Matt Lashey, who is himself an evangelical Christian and a graduate of Jerry Falwell’s Liberty University. The couple reads the Bible and prays together each day, and their home is often filled with the melodies of Hillsong Worship, a chart-topping Christian “praise band” from Australia.
One would be hard-pressed to find many foreign-policy experts who speak about theology with Grenell’s openness and fluency. That’s in part what makes his potential appointment to the Trump administration significant—with his faith and foreign-policy credentials acting as a bridge to conservative Christians who overwhelmingly support the president.
To start, some of Trump’s highest-profile evangelical supporters don’t outright oppose Grenell’s nomination. Jerry Falwell Jr., a member of Trump’s evangelical advisory board, opposes same-sex marriage. He is the son of the Liberty University and Moral Majority founder who spent much of his career fiercely battling the so-called “gay agenda.” Yet when asked about Grenell possibly taking on the ambassadorship, Falwell Jr. said that his chief concern is that Grenell’s positions related to NATO are aligned with the president’s. He “would not oppose [Grenell] simply because he is gay.”
Robert Jeffress is a Baptist megachurch preacher in Dallas, Texas, and another member of the advisory board, who gave a private service to the Trump family on Inauguration Day. He has never been shy about expressing his views about the LGBT community. In 2011, he claimed that “homosexuality is being crammed down our throats,” and accused LGBT people of using brainwashing to “inject homosexuality” into mainstream culture. He has also said that LGBT Americans live a “filthy” and “miserable” lifestyle.
But when asked whether he was bothered by Grenell’s possible nomination, Jeffress balked, noting that the qualifications for an ambassador are different than for a minister. He added: “Some of the criteria I would use might differ from the president's—depending on the position being considered. However, the country chose President Trump, not me, to lead the nation.” Others on Trump’s board, including Texas megachurch pastor Jack Graham, refused to comment on the matter.
The reticence of these leaders is curious given how outspoken so many have been about same-sex marriage and relationships in the past, and given the possible effect Grenell’s appointment could have on conversations about identity among religious people in America. Just 27 percent of white evangelical Christians support gay marriage—less than in any other religious group—and only 36 percent say homosexuality should be accepted by society, according to Pew Research Center surveys.
But like their leaders, perhaps evangelical voters wouldn’t have much to say about Grenell. They’ve turned blind eyes to Trump characteristics that cut against their beliefs, like his past support for abortion rights, extra-marital affairs, and his confession that he has never asked God for forgiveness. If they’ve made the calculation that Trump’s decisions can be trusted—or that it’s not worth it to rock the boat—it’s possible Grenell won’t be met with much opposition at all.
Given that conservative Christians have been some of the most vocal opponents of LGBT equality historically, their silence alone could mark a step toward normalizing gay people in religious communities. For Grenell’s part, he hopes to be an influence on Christians who oppose same-sex relationships. While the NATO ambassador doesn’t typically have a very public voice, especially in religious circles, Grenell might change that: “I want to fight for political change, but I’ve never been comfortable with having a public persona in politics,” he said. “But I am willing to risk my comfort to step out and step up and be a leader when it comes to a more thoughtful approach to Christianity.”
He wouldn’t speak directly about the potential NATO position, but noted he hasn’t experienced much pushback for being gay during his career in conservative politics. He supports both gay marriage and religious-liberty protections for retailers who don’t want to serve LGBT customers. And he’s opposed to “ex-gay therapy” on principle, though he opposes legal restrictions on the counseling practice.
Grenell thinks his views are shared by many more conservatives than the broader public realizes, and blames the media for underreporting these trends. Indeed, he suggested that Trump—whose record on LGBT rights is mixed—provides an example of how much conservatives have morphed on inclusion. In November 2016, Grenell penned a column for The Washington Times lauding then-candidate Trump for waving a rainbow flag at a political rally. He argued that he “embraced the LGBT community like no other GOP nominee in history.”
If Grenell gets the job and his assertions about Trump prove correct, it means that conservative Christians who oppose LGBT equality helped elect a pro-LGBT president. And if their loyalty to Trump keeps those Christians quiet, Grenell won’t be similarly constrained. He will be perfectly positioned to make a case for LGBT inclusion to his fellow believers from inside the administration of the president they helped elect.



ARTICLE
During argument in Trinity Lutheran Church v. Comer last week before the Supreme Court, Justice Elena Kagan mused that the case poses “a hard issue. It's an issue in which states have their own very longstanding law. It's an issue on which I guess I'm going to say nobody is completely sure that they have it right.”
The court did not pay much attention to a question that logically flows from Kagan’s concern: Is this trip really necessary?
Does the court really need to jump into this dispute between a church and a state government—or is it a case where the two parties basically have already kissed and made up?
Missouri’s Constitution, as written in 1875 and readopted in 1945, contains a provision that “no money shall ever be taken from the public treasury, directly or indirectly, in aid of any church, sect or denomination of religion.” The Missouri courts over the years have interpreted this provision quite literally. As a result, a church named Trinity Lutheran in Columbia, Missouri, was denied a state grant to resurface their daycare playground with recycled rubber tires. (The daycare would have been eligible if it had been run by a separate church-affiliated non-profit; but because in this case the money would have gone directly to the church, the provision applied.) The church sued, and the case has wended its way to the Supreme Court.
Apparently fearing a 4-4 split, the court delayed hearing the case for more than a year. Last week, Trinity Lutheran got its chance to explain to a full set of nine justices that the state’s constitution forces the church “to choose between exercising their religious faith and receiving a public benefit.”
The church was represented by David A. Cortman, senior counsel of the religious-right powerhouse Alliance Defending Freedom. I don’t question that ADF is deeply concerned about playground injury, but its agenda is broader. Much of its advocacy is concerned with creating religious-based exemptions to regimes of protection for LGBTQ people, with broadening the ability of Christian majorities to bring religion into public life and policy, and with empowering Christian parents in their dealings with public education.
Some 40 U.S. states maintain constitutional provisions like the one at issue in Trinity Lutheran. A victory for the church here might set up wins elsewhere on consequential issues like school voucher payments for religious schools—and exemptions for those schools from possible anti-discrimination laws involving sexual orientation and gender identity.
So a lot more is at stake than playground injury.
No one suggests that giving the church its grant would, by itself, violate the Establishment Clause. The issue instead is whether states can go beyond the clause and create a kind of “buffer zone” for their own funding programs without violating the church’s right to “the free exercise” of its religion.
The court in 2004 had held that the state of Washington, based on a state constitutional rule similar to Missouri’s, could refuse to fund a scholarship for a student who wanted to study theology.  In that case, the state argued—and the Court agreed—that the Constitution did not require it to provide funds that would go directly to training a future pastor. In his opinion, Chief Justice William Rehnquist (no hater of public religion) wrote that “there are some state actions permitted by the Establishment Clause but not required by the Free Exercise Clause.” Whether that precedent applies in the case of a playground—which is not, itself, a place of worship at all—is a puzzling question. The earlier plaintiff wanted to use money directly for religious purposes; a playground, however, has little theological content.
But while the precedent this case may set is potentially significant, there’s some question about the specific stakes in Trinity Lutheran. It may be that, as Tallullah Bankhead once remarked of a Broadway play, “there is less in this than meets the eye.”
Consider: after the state denied the church’s grant application, Trinity Lutheran went to federal court in 2013. The church lost at the district level and at the court of appeals—and as the case dragged on, a political backlash developed against the state’s position. Last November, Missouri voters elected a new attorney general, Josh Hawley, whose campaign speeches criticized the denial of the church’s grant. Once elected, Hawley recused himself because he had actually done legal work in support of the church. The state’s deputy AG then asked outside counsel to defend the state’s position.
After that, the case sat in the court’s lobby like Frankie Five Angels for more than a year. The week before argument, the state’s new Republican governor, Eric Greitens, announced that the refusal of the grant money was “just wrong … So, today we are changing that prejudiced policy.”
From now on, Grietens announced, churches are eligible for playground grants. The court asked the parties for briefs on whether there was anything left to fight about. ADF said there definitely was. The attorney general’s office agreed with ADF—but it added something important. The governor’s new order, it noted, is quite likely to be challenged in court by Missouri citizens who believe it violates the “no funds” provision. And if that happens, the AG’s office will defend the new order as valid, and actively oppose the interpretation its designated counsel was about to argue to the Justices. The “state of Missouri” appearing before the court has, in essence, a population of one, former state solicitor general James R. Layton.
Ordinarily, the court is quite meticulous in ensuring that cases that come before it are genuine “cases or controversies,” in which two sides genuinely disagree and something real is at stake. In Trinity Lutheran, however, we have a “controversy” between a church on one side and a state government on the other that officially wants the church to get everything it wants.
At oral argument last week, however, the justices seemed disposed to plunge ahead and decide this case as if it were real. I am a bit puzzled as to why.
As Adam Liptak memorably wrote in 2014, lawyers seeking a spot on the court’s docket often “sound a little like car salesmen.” That is, they try to convince the court that their particular case is a good “vehicle” to decide an important issues—that the issue is squarely presented, that there’s evidence in the record to allow the court to decide the issue, and that the two sides will argue it thoroughly and well. ADF certainly made that argument in its petition for certiorari: “This case presents an ideal vehicle for resolving the question presented, an important and longstanding question of federal law.”
Trinity Lutheran does still promise all of us a great ride—if you ignore the fact that the steering wheel is broken, the gas tank can’t be filled, and the brakes are shot.
The two parties last week invoked a doctrine called “voluntary cessation,” which says that one party can’t “moot” a case by simply deciding it won’t enforce a challenged rule—if it could later backtrack and resume the allegedly unlawful conduct. The ADF lawyers wrote, “A change in administration could readily lead to a resumption of the State’s former policy of excluding churches from the Scrap Tire Program or the Governor could simply change his mind due to political pressure.”
That is certainly theoretically possible; in the 2018 or 2020 elections, the mighty atheistic voting block might awaken in Missouri and demand new persecution of religious playgrounds. As a matter of law, then, the case really isn’t moot.
But that’s not the same thing as saying the court is now stuck and must decide it. The court has a procedure to use when a “vehicle” throws a rod; they dismiss the writ of certiorari as “improvidently granted.”  (In law-nerd speak, this is called a “DIG.”) The latest edition of the practitioner’s bible, Supreme Court Practice by Stephen Shapiro and others, cites a case called The Monrosa v. Carbon Black, Inc., in which the court warned that “[e]xamination of a case on the merits, on oral argument, may bring into ‘proper focus’ a consideration which, though present in the record at the time of granting the writ, only later indicates that the grant was improvident.” The treatise adds that “a change in circumstances since the writ was granted may have lessened the importance of the case.”
DIGs are not all that rare—there’s usually at least one a term, and sometimes more. Trinity Lutheran seems like a good candidate for the honor. The people of Missouri, through their political representatives, have resolved the legal dispute. The new rule the state has adopted raises no federal constitutional concerns. Though some outside advocacy groups want the court to step in and void part of Missouri’s constitution, the people of the state are in the process of reinterpreting that provision to eliminate any possible conflict. The Missouri Supreme Court may, some time down the road, insist that the new interpretation is the wrong one—but it also might not.
Underlying this litigation is the unspoken claim that Missouri is a bastion of anti-religious bigotry. That seems to be an imaginary dragon, conjured for the purposes of litigation. Prudent justices might choose not to slay it.



ARTICLE
It’s been a busy week for Attorney General Jeff Sessions. He and Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly are currently touring the U.S.-Mexico border to draw attention to illegal immigration and its impact on the country. But a series of remarks from Sessions about places far from the Southwest, including criticisms of major-city police departments, drew the most attention.
It began during an interview with conservative radio host Mark Levin on Thursday, where Sessions made an unusual attack on the federal judiciary for blocking President Trump’s travel ban. “I really am amazed that a judge sitting on an island in the Pacific can issue an order that stops the president of the United States from what appears to be clearly his statutory and Constitutional power,” he said. Compounding its strangeness was the odd suggestion that Hawaii, which gained statehood in 1959, was somehow a lesser part of the United States.
The remark drew criticism on multiple levels. Hawaii Attorney General Danny Chin, who is challenging the travel ban, called Sessions’s comments about the judiciary “disappointing.” The state’s congressional delegation also leapt to rebuke Sessions’s insinuation that the “island in the Pacific” was anything less than a full-fledged member of the Union.

Hey Jeff Sessions, this #IslandinthePacific has been the 50th state for going on 58 years. And we won’t succumb to your dog whistle politics
— Senator Mazie Hirono (@maziehirono) April 20, 2017
A few hours later, the attorney general’s office tried to quell the outrage while repeating his criticism of federal judge Derrick Watson. “Hawaii is, in fact, an island in the Pacific — a beautiful one where the Attorney General’s granddaughter was born,” a Justice Department spokesman said in a statement. “The point, however, is that there is a problem when a flawed opinion by a single judge can block the president’s lawful exercise of authority to keep the entire country safe.” (As a senator, Sessions had previously voted to confirm Watson to the bench.)
But the real kerfuffle came Friday, when the Justice Department sent letters to nine “sanctuary cities”—Sacramento, Chicago, New Orleans, Philadelphia, Las Vegas, Miami, Milwaukee, San Francisco, and New York City—warning about a loss of federal funds if they refuse to allow local law-enforcement agencies to provide federal immigration officials with the immigration statuses of those held in their custody. The move itself was widely expected, but the Justice Department announced the letters with stark, factually dubious assertions about some of the cities in question.
“Additionally, many of these jurisdictions are also crumbling under the weight of illegal immigration and violent crime,” the department’s statement asserted. “The number of murders in Chicago has skyrocketed, rising more than 50 percent from the 2015 levels. New York City continues to see gang murder after gang murder, the predictable consequence of the city’s ‘soft on crime’ stance.”
This statement fits in with a broader Trump administration effort to blame illegal immigration for what it describes as a growing crime wave, an unproven assertion at best. While the department correctly noted Chicago’s rising homicide rate—a problem frequently invoked by Trump to bolster his “tough on crime” stance—it then implicitly linked the rise in murders to illegal immigrants. That connection doesn’t seem to be supported by the available evidence: An analysis by the University of Chicago Crime Labs earlier this year couldn’t find a single definitive cause for the increase in gun violence, stumping researchers.
Friday’s statement also took aim at the Santa Cruz Police Department in California, albeit not by name. “And just several weeks ago in California’s Bay Area, after a raid captured 11 MS-13 members on charges including murder, extortion, and drug trafficking, city officials seemed more concerned with reassuring illegal immigrants that the raid was unrelated to immigration than with warning other MS-13 members that they were next,” the statement read.
That’s an apparent reference to a series of 12 raids targeting the gang in California’s Santa Clara County in February. Both the Santa Clara Police Department and the Department of Homeland Security carried it out, reportedly raising fears of a massive Immigration and Customs Enforcement raid among the city’s residents. “We want to make it very clear that these were not immigration-related arrests,” said Deputy Chief Dan Flippo told The Mercury News at the time. “We recognize the timing is unfortunate, but this is a federal criminal case that was five years in the making and has nothing to do with immigration.”
The Justice Department’s description of New York City was even more egregious. The city’s crime rate is at its lowest levels in a generation. Murders are down by 10 percent in the first quarter of 2017 compared with the previous year. And New York City Police Department officials partly attributed 2016’s decline in shootings and homicides to a reduction in gang-related violence.
An NYPD spokesman on Twitter sounded incredulous at the Justice Department’s assertion:

Did DOJ really say the NYPD is soft on crime?
— J. Peter Donald (@JPeterDonald) April 21, 2017
Criticism from city officials soon followed. “The Justice Department’s release this afternoon stating that New York City is somehow ‘soft on crime’ and continues to see ‘gang murder after gang murder’ demonstrates a willful disregard for the facts,” NYPD Commissioner James O’Neill fired back in a statement.
The Justice Department’s criticisms defy the advice of none other than Sessions himself, who warned during his confirmation hearing that haphazard critiques of police endangered their lives. “We need to be sure that when we criticize law [enforcement] officers, it is narrowly focused on the right basis for criticism,” he told senators in January, in reference to federal efforts to monitor local police departments for abuses. “To smear whole departments places those officers at greater risk.” Friday’s press release could suggest he’s revised his stance on the issue.
In his rebuttal, O’Neill went on to cite a wealth of statistics demonstrating that crime had dropped in his city. He also noted that, far from “crumbling under the weight of illegal immigration and violent crime,” New York City was educating other jurisdictions on its methods. “Additionally, over the past year the NYPD has hosted dozens of other police departments from across the world to share our best practices of precision policing, which focuses on the most serious criminals,” he said. His unspoken point seemed clear: Instead of criticizing the NYPD for an imagined crime wave, the attorney general should learn from the city on how to forestall one.



ARTICLE
President Trump signed an executive order that will start the process of rolling back several Obama-era regulations intended to curtail corporate tax evasion. In an interview with the Associated Press, Trump said he plans to unveil a tax-reform package early next week that will give businesses and individuals a “massive tax cut.” Trump also said far-right French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen is “the strongest on what’s been going on in France,” but stopped short of offering a full endorsement. The House Intelligence Committee, which is investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election, invited several former Obama administration officials, including former acting Attorney General Sally Yates, to testify before the panel. The Department of Justice is reportedly preparing to bring charges against Wikileaks founder Julian Assange.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

‘How Trump Blew Up the Conservative Media’: A Trump presidency was supposed to bring about a revival of conservative media, but instead, writes Eliana Johnson, Trump has “triggered a civil war in its top ranks.” (Politico)
Trump’s ‘Trickiest Task’: The president’s best hope to deter North Korea’s “junior god king” from using nuclear weapons is to talk with China—and persuade them that curbing the dictator is in their own best interest. (The Economist)
The Power of Diplomacy?: The Trump administration negotiated the release of an Egyptian American charity worker who was imprisoned in Egypt for three years. While the administration says the deal was a result of “discreet diplomacy,” former Obama administration officials wonder if Egyptian President Abdel Fatah al-Sissi may have received something in return. (Philip Rucker and Karen DeYoung, The Washington Post)
The Reality of Climate Change: Society frequently focuses on ways to address the future dangers of climate change. But those effects are already “beginning to saturate the present”—from wildfires to heightened flooding. (Jon Mooallem, The New York Times Magazine) 
Following the Money: A USA Today investigation found that Donald Trump’s companies own more than 400 properties across the United States. Profits from these holdings could personally enrich the president, which creates the potential for conflict. (Nick Penzenstadler, Steve Reilly, and John Kelly)
Under Attack: These graphics show the evolution of chemical weapons—from World War I to Syria’s six-year conflict—and their effects on the human body. (Reuters) 
This week, we asked you to share your assessments of President Trump’s first 100 days in office. Visit our Notes section for a complete list of responses. Here’s a preview:
For Tom Lucas, Trump’s presidency has gone much like his campaign:

There is no consistent focus, advisers are dropping in and out of favor, and Trump claims everything good that happens (good January job numbers) is a result of his greatness, while things that fail (AHCA) are somebody else’s fault. Overall he is showing terrible leadership attributes.

Michael Porcaro, on the other hand, would give Trump an A for effort:

I feel he is doing his very best to carry out his agenda. Congress has to make adjustments to meet his demands. He won due to what he ran on. It's what the majority of working people want. He has more to do.

Finally, reader Howard Cohen put it this way: “All hat and no cattle.”
Stay tuned for next week's Question of the Week.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
In March, a panel of federal judges ruled that Texas’s current congressional district maps had been intentionally drawn to “pack” and “dilute” minority votes in three districts in a way that constituted not only partisan advantage—which is legal—but racial discrimination. Earlier this month, a federal district court found that the Texas law requiring strict voter ID not only had racially disparate effects, but that “a discriminatory purpose was at least one of the substantial or motivating factors” in its creation.
Thursday, another three-judge federal panel completed the trifecta, issuing a 171-page ruling finding that Texas’s statehouse districts are also racial gerrymanders, were also intentionally drawn to dilute votes based on race, and also violate the “one person one vote” principle of equal-sized voting districts that is the core consideration of the Voting Rights Act.
For Texas Republicans, the three rulings represent a major blow to a package of party-favorable voting laws passed in 2011 under then-Governor Rick Perry. Then, all Texan voting laws and many of those across the post-Jim Crow South were still subject to “preclearance,” or oversight by the Department of Justice and federal courts, based on Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act. The political maps were immediately caught up in judicial review and have been ever since. The voter-ID law, however, was blocked until the Supreme Court of the United States, in the 2013 case of Shelby County v. Holder, essentially struck down the preclearance requirement. After that decision, Texas immediately enacted the law, and the Department of Justice and several other voting-rights organizations sued to block it.
The six years since have been a blur of court cases and appeals, resulting in almost comically drawn interim districts and a robust conversation about the legal differences between political and racial gerrymandering. Two separate considerations of the voter ID law—whether it was racially discriminatory and whether that discrimination was purposeful—proceeded up and down federal courts. After Donald Trump was elected president and appointed Attorney General Jeff Sessions to lead the DOJ, the department famously withdrew its claim that the law had a discriminatory intent.
Now, with the dust settling on this latest round of court cases, the federal findings so far are clear. Both sets of political maps drawn in 2011 and the voter ID law had discriminatory impacts that violated the Voting Rights Act, and all three were enacted with intent of discriminating against minority voters, particularly Hispanic voters. Those findings of widespread discriminatory intent in recent Texas voting laws have been buttressed by some smaller legal flare-ups, like a lawsuit launched last year by Texas officials to defend a law requiring that interpreters for people who aren’t proficient in the English or Spanish ballots provided live in the districts where they interpret.
The findings of intent are important, especially since as my colleague Matt Ford notes, their existence essentially invalidates the entire reason the Supreme Court struck down the existing preclearance formulation. Also, after the Shelby County v. Holder decision, under the Voting Rights Act’s “bail-in,” federal courts and the Department of Justice can still require states or districts to abide by their preclearance requirements if their voting laws show discriminatory intent. Since the Sessions-led Justice Department seems now unlikely to make such a requirement, federal courts are free to consider that intent in future decisions that may restrict Texas’s freedom to write its own voting laws.
That’s where it gets tricky, because right now it’s unlikely that any of these rulings is final. In yesterdays’s state district case decision, dissenting Judge Jerry Smith said that people should “stay tuned” for an appeal on the case, which could still go to trial before the 2018 elections. The congressional district ruling also seems headed in the same direction, and the voter-ID case will probably advance through the Fifth Circuit. It’s within the realm of possibility for all three cases to reach a full-strength Supreme Court before the 2018 midterm elections, which would add them to a string of voter discrimination cases emanating from post-Shelby County legislation now reaching the nation’s highest court.
What might happen next is anybody’s guess. With conservative Justice Neil Gorsuch on the bench, and with a raft of new issues before the Court, like partisan gerrymandering in Wisconsin, it’s possible that will be an entirely new understanding of the Voting Rights Act by next November. The New York Times reports today that the Wisconsin case is heading to the Supreme Court, and could be consolidated with a number of other gerrymandering cases, including those in North Carolina and Maryland. While other issues dominate the political headlines today, the voting-rights cases currently percolating through federal courts, including those in Texas, are critical considerations for the next elections.
In Texas, for now, there might mean a sigh of relief for minority voters carved into winding districts and exasperation among state Republicans, but both sides expect more battles to come. As Slate’s Mark Joseph Stern notes, the 150-plus page documentation appended to Thursday’s ruling appears to be a trail of breadcrumbs from the two deciding judges to the Supreme Court, ensuring that the higher court on an eventual appeal will have a play-by-play of every single factor leading to their finding of discriminatory intent. This kind of delicate legal choreography over voting cases not only in Texas, but in a post-Shelby United States will continue through the near future.



ARTICLE
Everyone knows the feeling: There’s a big deadline coming up at work, and you’re not sure you’re going to get everything you need done before it. As the end of the semester approaches at colleges around the nation, plenty of students are feeling it, and President Trump can sympathize:

No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, & it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 21, 2017
The tweet is the latest whiff of panic wafting from the White House ahead of April 29, which marks the hundredth day of Trump’s presidency. Another one came on Thursday, with the administration mounting a renewed effort to repeal and replace Obamacare, despite no indication that the politics in the House of Representatives have moved far enough to make the latest push any less Quixotic than the last catastrophic attempt.
But Trump has been eyeing the 100-day mark with dread for some time, as Shane Goldmacher reported in Politico on April 10.
“One hundred days is the marker, and we’ve got essentially two and a half weeks to turn everything around,” a White House official told Goldmacher. “This is going to be a monumental task.”
Spoiler alert: They’re not going to make it. This tweet aside, Trump has little to show for his first three months in office. The one exception that he cites, Neil Gorsuch, is indeed a notable one. By placing a young and strongly conservative justice on the Supreme Court bench, Trump can solidify a long legacy of conservative jurisprudence (though there’s little to suggest he has much personal interest in this, outside of the political win). The rest of Trump’s ambitious political agenda is largely stalled: defeated in Congress, obstructed in Congress, blocked by the courts, or caught up in the bureaucratic machine—which, thanks to the president’s slow pace of appointments, is working well below peak capacity.
The Friday morning tweet shows Trump’s obsession with press coverage of his administration. He is right that the 100-day mark is arbitrary—or at least little more than a historical artifact bequeathed to future presidents, willing or not, from Franklin Roosevelt. Perhaps, as Jeff Greenfield recently wrote, it ought to be ignored. Given that arbitrariness, press coverage matters more than real accomplishments. That’s a truth that Trump has grasped well, from his business career through his presidential campaign, when messaging often triumphed over substance. But that hasn’t worked well for him since coming to the White House.
Trump can complain about the tone of the coverage, and he can complain that the press it out to get him, but he can’t blame anyone else for the emphasis on the 100-day standard: It’s an unforced error that candidate Trump made. On October 22, 2016, Trump appeared in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, where he unrolled a “Contract with the American Voter,” hearkening back to the 1994 GOP “Contract With America.” The document, helpfully still posted on his website, lays out precisely the steps that Trump promised to take by the same 100-day deadline he now ridicules.
It’s a mixed bag. Trump has ticked off some of the items on the list, like instituting rules about lobbying activities by former members of his administration, or imposing a hiring freeze on the federal government. He has announced U.S. withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, okayed construction on the Keystone XL pipeline, and begun deportation of undocumented immigrants.
But far more of the big-ticket items remain unfulfilled. Trump attempted to institute a ban on Muslim immigration but was slapped down by federal courts; a second, far narrower, order has also hit legal roadblocks. Trump has not begun the formal process of renegotiating NAFTA. He has publicly announced his change of heart on a promise to label China a currency manipulator, and left the nation out of a list of countries to be so labeled.
The record on big-ticket legislative items is even worse. The failure of the health-care bill is the most glaring. Having an excuse to set that aside might actually be great news for Trump, but rather than take that opportunity, he is mounting his last-ditch attempt to get it done before the 100-day mark, highlighting his own fixation on the metric. Tax reform within 100 days was always a long shot, and it’s even longer with Obamacare repeal jammed. School choice, military expansion, childcare, anti-corruption, and anti-offshoring efforts? There’s barely a peep about any of these on Capitol Hill. (Anyone who has followed Trump’s business career might be unsurprised to learn that he’s not following through on a contract.)
Trump’s first three months have been underwhelming by the standard of any president in the modern era. No recent predecessor has seen his first major legislative push collapse so dramatically, and although Trump has signed a raft of executive orders, the major goals remain unfulfilled. But never mind that: With eight days left, Trump is well short of the standard that he set for himself, which his Twitter missive only serves to underscore.



ARTICLE
Jeff Sessions on Wednesday derided the U.S. district judge who blocked President Donald Trump’s latest travel ban. He called the matter “huge,” in a radio interview, then went on to say:

I really am amazed that a judge sitting on an island in the Pacific can issue an order that stops the president of the United States from what appears to be clearly his statutory and Constitutional power.

Sessions was referring to Derrick Kahala Watson, the U.S. district judge who issued his ruling in the state of Hawaii. It’s been nearly six decades since Hawaii entered the union. The former territory became a state in 1959. Today, a federal judge sitting in Hawaii can do what a federal judge anywhere else in the United States can do; it’s unclear why an attorney general should find that fact amazing.
Even more absurd is the fact that Sessions himself voted as a senator to confirm Watson, who is the only Native Hawaiian currently sitting on the federal bench.
Sessions, through a spokesman, sought on Thursday to clarify his comments, noting that “Hawaii is, in fact, an island in the Pacific—a beautiful one where the Attorney General’s granddaughter was born.” (Hawaii is an island, commonly referred to as “the Big Island,” but Watson issued his ruling from the federal courthouse in Honolulu, on the island of Oahu.)
Sessions’s comments, and his clarification, are a reminder of Hawaii’s paradoxical place in broader American culture: It’s been both trivialized as insignificant and aggrandized as a paradise. Hawaii is often treated as just another “exotic” place to run off to, while its residents are often forced to assert their humanity—or Americanness—to those who treat the U.S. as strictly constrained between the two coasts. Meanwhile, they’re constantly navigating the complexities of living in a place where not everyone believes Hawaii should be part of the United States.
Sessions’s dismissiveness also raised eyebrows because Hawaii is a minority-majority state, home to the nation’s largest population of multiracial Americans. On top of that, it’s home to the largest population of people who identify as Pacific Islanders—a population that has been excluded and exploited by American institutions for centuries. A series of Supreme Court opinions that have never been overturned, for example, still prevent American Samoans from receiving citizenship because they are, in the words of then-Justice Edward White, an “uncivilized race.” The Solomon Report, produced under President Kennedy, recommended fostering economic dependence on the U.S. within Micronesia so the U.S. could maintain power over the region given its strategic importance. The former Interior Secretary Walter Hickel claimed that Henry Kissinger, who wanted to exploit the Marshall Islands as a nuclear test site, once said: “There are only 90,000 people out there. Who gives a damn?”
But Hawaii’s strategic importance has long meant that those who do not care about its residents or their rights nevertheless care intensely about the islands themselves. That’s been true since at least 1893, when Queen Lili‘uokalani was overthrown by a coup staged by white Americans. Now, the state the attorney general dismissively refers to as a “little island in the Pacific” remains the United States’s shield against hostile powers; just the other day, my colleague Adrienne LaFrance wrote about how Hawaii is caught in the crosshairs as North Korea and Trump exchange threats. It’s a nuclear target because it’s a U.S. state, and it was in large part forced to become a state because of the threat of nuclear missiles.
Today’s population on Hawaii includes my parents, grandmother, and brother—I was born and raised in Honolulu—and 1.4 million other people, including Judge Derrick Kahala Watson. And Jeff Sessions, for better or worse, is no more American than any of them.



ARTICLE
This Saturday, in Washington, D.C., and around the world, scientists and their supporters will hit the streets. From Ketchikan to Buenos Aires to Bhutan, marchers will demand that politicians support scientific research, publish its results widely, and base their policies on those results.
I will be marching with them. But I worry about the movement’s arguments. A few skeptics have charged that the march will politicize science, reinforcing an already widespread perception of scientists as liberal activists rather than dispassionate researchers. As march advocates note, however, science is already enmeshed in politics. It could hardly be otherwise, write Jonathan Foley and Christine Arena, in an article reposted on the official March for Science website: “After all, politics is how we are supposed to solve problems in a democratic society, and science is crucial to nearly everything we do — our economy, our health, our security, our future.”
My concern is the opposite of the usual objection. The March for Science, I believe, is not political enough. I do not mean that the marchers should campaign for Democratic or Republican candidates or take stands on contentious issues such as immigration reform. Rather, I hope that they will come to grasp much more clearly how political power works, how it intersects with social conflicts, and how policies emerge from this nexus.
The movement’s rhetoric suggests that if governments simply fund and heed scientific research, the world will march steadily toward peace and prosperity. Applying science to politics will create “an unbroken chain of inquiry, knowledge, and public benefit for all.” This is, dare I say, an unscientific conception of human action. A huge body of social-scientific literature—or just a good, hard look at the political scene—shows that conflict, uncertainty, and collective self-interest would remain central features of democratic politics even if all of the disputants took scientific findings as their starting point for policy recommendations.
In a 2004 essay, Daniel Sarewitz, a professor at Arizona State University, challenged the longstanding expectation that bringing science to bear on political questions will reduce or eliminate disputation. In fact, he noted that “scientized” political issues—most notably, the climate debate—generate particularly sharp controversies precisely because the participants can focus exclusively on questions of scientific validity while obscuring the values and interests that shape their positions. Coal producers seeking to throw off environmental regulations, for example, will tend to highlight uncertainties in the scientific understanding of carbon dioxide’s atmospheric effects, rather than making an explicit case for choosing policies that benefit their industry over policies aimed at climate remediation.
Taking Sarewitz seriously suggests that values, interests, and interpretive frames should be at the center of policy formation. Here, the march organizers offer little help. As they portray the world, there are only two kinds of people: pro-science and anti-science. Likewise, there are only two ways of acting: on the basis of science—facts, truth, data, evidence—or unscientifically, in accordance with ideology, self-interest, or mere caprice. “Political decision-making that impacts the lives of Americans and the world at large,” the march website declares, “should make use of peer-reviewed evidence and scientific consensus, not personal whims and decrees.”
Proceeding without any consideration of science’s latest findings is certainly dangerous. Yet the march organizers simplify the relation of science to action—political or otherwise—to the point where their prescriptions may become counterproductive. One source of today’s skepticism toward science as a political resource is the failure of mid-20th-century governments to deliver on the extravagant promises associated with the application of science to society. It is easy enough to laugh at postwar science boosters, with their utopian visions of virtually costless nuclear energy, flying cars, and moon colonies—not to mention a quick and painless end to poverty. But the failure of those visions to materialize had very real effects. It would be ironic indeed if the current push for science-based policy were to bear fruit and replicate the overdrawn expectations—and the resulting disappointments—of the 1950s and 1960s.
To their credit, the marchers see clearly that researchers from a variety of social and cultural backgrounds will produce a more robust science. And they recognize that scientists must reach out to the citizenry, crafting research agendas that address a wide range of public needs. Yet their political analysis could use some work. Scientific input into policymaking is a good thing, and the lack of such input is alarming. But science is not inevitably and intrinsically humanitarian in its outcomes. Politically, science is deeply multivalent, comporting with a variety of interests and perspectives.
The march organizers imagine a future world in which science promotes equality and justice, rather than simply wealth and health for the few. Evidence-based policy is important, and science should certainly play a role in politics. Yet more and better data is hardly enough to ensure equality and justice. Societies employ science in accordance with their leading values, interests, and power structures. If March for Science participants want science to advance the causes of equality and justice, they will need to help create a society in which those values predominate.



ARTICLE
There are more than 18,000 police departments in the United States, spread out in a vast jurisdictional patchwork of federal, state, local, and tribal agencies that stretches from Hawaii to Maine. This month, Alabama could add to their ranks something unprecedented in American history: a police department operated by a church.
In February, Briarwood Presbyterian Church asked the state legislature for legal authority to establish one. The Alabama state Senate approved Senate Bill 193, which would grant the church’s wish, earlier this month, and a House committee approved the measure on Wednesday. While it’s still several steps away from becoming law—the full chamber is expected to consider it next week—the legislation already, and predictably, faces opposition for blurring the lines between church and state.
The Alabama megachurch serves about 4,000 congregants between its two campuses outside Birmingham, which include a seminary and a K-12 school. About 2,000 students attend the school, and to protect them and worshippers, church officials say they need a police department of their own.
Briarwood declined multiple requests for an interview to discuss the bill. In an email, a church administrator provided documents laying out the institution’s rationale. Among the reasons it cited were recent, high-profile mass shootings nationwide, including those targeting schools. Other security measures can help reduce the threat, Briarwood acknowledged, but it argued that research showed the “number one line of defense” is a police presence.
“After the shooting at Sandy Hook and in the wake of similar assaults at churches and schools, Briarwood recognized the need to provide qualified first responders to coordinate with local law enforcement who so heroically and effectively serve their communities,” the church said in a press release in February. State Senator J.T. Waggoner, who drafted SB 193, told local newspapers that the church preferred to form its own police force instead of hiring a private security firm or using off-duty officers.
Church officials’ proposal has drawn strong criticism from groups that oppose the bill on constitutional grounds, including the American Civil Liberties Union chapter in Alabama. Randall Marshall, the organization’s acting executive director, called it an “unparalleled action” by the Alabama legislature.
“Our analysis is that this bill, if enacted and signed by the governor, would clearly violate the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment in vesting what is really a quintessentially government power—the police power—in the hands of a religious entity with essentially no oversight after that,” he told me.
Briarwood has indicated it doesn’t plan on adopting all the features of a law-enforcement system. In the provided documents, the church said it doesn’t plan to run a jail or a dispatch center, and will instead forge agreements with three other jurisdictions to handle those aspects of policing. Both Waggoner and the church have also repeatedly cited a provision in Alabama state law that allows universities and colleges to operate their own police departments.
Even with those limitations, the proposed department would still hold a broad array of powers typically held by local police forces. “It would grant to Briarwood Presbyterian Church the right to detain people, to arrest them, to use appropriate levels of force, including deadly force, to decide which laws to enforce, and which laws not to enforce,” Marshall said. Another problem he raised: The force would be answerable to church leaders, not the public.
The bill itself is fairly straightforward. If enacted, it would allow the church’s board of trustees to “appoint and employ one or more persons to act as police officers to protect the safety and integrity of the church and its ministries.” Those officers would be “charged with all of the duties and invested with all of the powers of law-enforcement officers in this state.” Two other sections impose restraints: a standard requirement for officers to be certified by a state commission, and a provision restricting their authority to “the campuses and properties of Briarwood Presbyterian Church.”
As far as legislation goes, that’s pretty concise. But its constitutional implications are vast and apparently unprecedented. “I have been following this stuff for 20 years and can’t recall any other circumstance in which a church has asked for a police force that it can control,” said Robert Tuttle, a George Washington University law professor who specializes in relations between governments and faith-based organizations.
A major constitutional issue that Briarwood could face is Supreme Court precedents requiring religious neutrality—“that if you do establish a benefit, you don’t make it available to a single faith and then say, ‘Well, we’ll wait and see for the next application to come along,’” Tuttle said. He pointed to a 1994 Supreme Court case in which the justices struck down a New York law that carved out a special school district for members of a Hasidic Jewish sect. By singling out a specific church and imbuing it with the state’s policing powers, the law could face a similar challenge on those grounds.
Another influential precedent that could prove challenging for Briarwood, Tuttle noted, would be Larkin v. Grendel’s Den, a 1982 Supreme Court case. Central to the dispute was a Massachusetts law that allowed the governing bodies of churches and schools to block the issuance of liquor licenses within a 500-foot radius of their properties. The proprietors of Grendel’s Den, a bar and restaurant near Harvard University, sued the state on Establishment Clause grounds after a nearby Armenian church vetoed its license.
Unlike its namesake, the restaurant won handily. The justices ruled in an 8-1 decision that the statute “substantially breached” the metaphorical wall of separation between church and state set forth by the First Amendment. “The framers did not set up a system of government in which important, discretionary governmental powers would be delegated to or shared with religious institutions,” Chief Justice Warren Burger wrote for the high court.
Alabama’s bill would likely face a similar constitutional hurdle. In 1994, for example, the North Carolina Supreme Court relied on the Grendel’s Den precedent to abolish a campus police department at Campbell University, a private Christian university affiliated with the state’s Baptist convention. The state law authorizing the department’s creation amounted to an “excessive entanglement” between the government and a religious entity, the court ruled.
The debate over the Establishment Clause’s meaning is far from settled. Questions about the breadth and scope of religious liberty shaped recent Supreme Court rulings on same-sex marriage and the Affordable Care Act’s contraceptive mandate, as well as lower-court battles about transgender rights and anti-discrimination laws. Conservatives frequently cited Justice Neil Gorsuch’s record of broad latitude toward religious-freedom claims as a reason to support his Senate confirmation.
But SB 193 still stands out amid those debates. Tuttle noted that the founders’ experience with the Church of England, which ran ecclesiastical courts and exercised a decree of policing power during their lifetimes, shaped their thinking when drafting the Establishment Clause.
“The interweaving of church and state in the exercise of coercive force was one of the rare things where you’d get agreement between the Congregationalists of New England and Madison and Jefferson in Virginia,” he told me, alluding to battles between the framers over provisions in the nation’s founding charter. “They all agreed that it was not the job of the government to turn over any of its coercive authorities to religious institutions.”



ARTICLE
Immigration courts in the United States are overwhelmed with cases.
By last September, the end of the 2016 fiscal year, there were more than 500,000 of them pending, according to a March report by the Executive Office for Immigration Review, a branch of the U.S. Department of Justice. That number will almost certainly grow under President Trump, whose repeated pledges to curb illegal immigration have translated to policies that would put far more people in the immigration court system.
In February, the Department of Homeland Security issued new rules that broadened the criteria for who is considered a priority for deportation, compared with those set in the Obama administration’s last years. Since then, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, DHS’s enforcement arm, has carried out these directives on the ground, with their arrestees subject to quick deportation or ushered into the courts for processing. In late March, for example, ICE agents arrested 82 individuals during a five-day operation in Virginia and Washington, D.C. Of those individuals, 68 had previous criminal convictions, according to the agency.
The court system would have likely stayed bloated with backlog without the recent rule changes. But by the Trump administration giving ICE greater latitude in which individuals it can target, the courts look poised for even further strain.
What was already a substantial backlog in immigration courts ballooned under former President Barack Obama, after a wave of migrants, including thousands of children traveling alone, journeyed to the southern U.S. border in 2014. That year, Obama, whose first term saw record deportations, pledged to focus enforcement efforts on individuals that posed a threat to security. “Felons, not families. Criminals, not children. Gang members, not a mom who’s working hard to provide for her kids. We’ll prioritize, just like law enforcement does every day,” he said. According to ICE’s latest figures, the agency conducted more than 240,000 removals from the country in fiscal year 2016. Ninety-two percent of those who were arrested by ICE and deported were convicted criminals.
As first described in a presidential executive order, DHS significantly altered that priority system after Trump took office, such that ICE could target groups of undocumented immigrants it hadn’t prioritized before, including individuals charged with a crime, but not convicted, and individuals who have “committed acts that constitute a chargeable criminal offense.” In general, the Trump administration seems to define criminal “loosely, and includes anyone who has crossed the border illegally,” as The New York Times has written.
The Washington Post recently reported that arrests of undocumented immigrants with no criminal records had more than doubled—to 5,441—from January to mid-March compared with the same period last year. Overall, “arrests rose 32.6 percent in the first weeks of the Trump administration,” the Post wrote, “with newly empowered federal agents intensifying their pursuit of not just undocumented immigrants with criminal records, but also thousands of illegal immigrants who have been otherwise law-abiding.”
In addition to a case-volume problem, the courts have also been strained by personnel challenges. While some individuals arrested by ICE face immediate removal from the United States, others have to await a hearing before an immigration judge. ICE makes the initial determination whether a person will be detained, released on bond, or released after promising to later appear at a removal proceeding. Immigration courts fall under the Justice Department’s purview, and department officials can dictate which cases should be heard first. Under the Trump administration, for example, those cases include detained individuals and unaccompanied children without a sponsor.
Responding to the 2014 migrant wave, the Obama administration temporarily redirected immigration judges to the southern border to preside over removal proceedings and bond hearings, and review whether any individuals’ claims of fear of persecution were credible. Immigration cases being heard in other parts of the United States had to be put on hold, said Jeremy McKinney, an attorney and board member of the American Immigration Lawyers Association. “The surge was the first time we saw a deployment of immigration judges to the border, resulting in non-detained dockets in the United States getting much worse,” McKinney said, referring to cases that do not require detention. “That situation already put a strain on the interior immigration courts.”
The Justice Department, which hires judges for immigration courts, was also tied up by the budget sequester from 2011 to 2014, so there weren’t enough judges to try cases, he added. Over time, the backlog grew from around 327,000 cases at the end of the 2012 fiscal year to half a million in 2016.
Judge Paul Schmidt, who was appointed in 2003 by Attorney General John Ashcroft, had around 10,000 immigration cases pending when he left his job last year. “When I retired, I was sending cases to 2022,” he told me. Schmidt, who primarily served in the Arlington Immigration Court in northern Virginia, was assigned to those not considered a priority—say, people who had traffic violations. The current national backlog, Schmidt said, largely consists of cases like the ones he handled.
The Trump administration has taken steps that could quicken the courts’ work. For one, ICE officers can now deport someone immediately, without a hearing, if they fit certain criteria and have lived in the United States for up to two years. Under the last administration, that timeline was up to two weeks, and the individual needed to be within 100 miles of the border.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions also announced, in a speech on the Arizona-Mexico border, that the Department of Justice will add 125 immigration judges to the bench over the next two years: 50 this year and 75 in 2018. He urged federal prosecutors to prioritize the enforcement of immigration laws. “This is a new era. This is the Trump era,” Sessions said. “The lawlessness, the abdication of the duty to enforce our immigration laws, and the catch-and-release practices of old are over.”
“You have to give Sessions credit for this,” Schmidt said. “He took note of the 18-to-24-month cycle for filling judges and said he was going to streamline that.” The math still doesn’t exactly work out, however. “A fully trained judge, which new judges won’t be, can do about 750 cases a year. So 125 new judges could do fewer than 100,000 cases a year once they’re up and trained,” he said. Factor in the fact that it takes up to two years to become “fully productive,” he said, and altogether, it could take five to six years for the 125 new judges to cut down the backlog.
All the while, new cases will continue to come in as the administration enforces its new, broader policies on deportation. Newly detained individuals will be prioritized over other cases, which will be pushed further down the road. “I think it has a particular impact on asylum-seekers, because the sense of being in limbo really seems to prolong their trauma and their sense of statelessness that they have,” said Dree Collopy, an immigration lawyer in Washington, D.C. And hearing delays can affect asylum-seekers’ credibility, as well as evidence to support their cases: “Over time, especially when trauma is involved, memories begin to fade.” If a person can’t testify until years after entering the United States, “that can obviously cause problems.”
When Collopy first started practicing immigration law in 2007, cases generally would take about a year or two to complete. That’s no longer the case: “Now, it’s taking four or five years on average,” she told me. With the Trump administration rounding up undocumented immigrants quicker than courts can process cases, that delay isn’t likely to shorten.



ARTICLE
Democrats are facing their first high-profile tests of whether the party can win back seats in Congress in the Trump era. But rather than unifying in opposition to the new administration, the political left is riven by division over what it means to be progressive.
The same debates that divided Democrats throughout the 2016 presidential primary—over how and when to prioritize economic populism and reproductive rights—threaten to make it more difficult for Democrats to rally around the very candidates who could help the party make inroads in conservative parts of the country. Controversy over those questions illustrates the challenge Democrats face as they decide which candidates to support, and what transgressions from liberal convictions to let slide, as the party tries to rebuild after being shut out of power in the White House and Congress.
Ahead of an event on Thursday where Bernie Sanders, the independent Vermont senator who remains the left’s most popular figure, was slated to appear with Representative Keith Ellison, the Democratic National Committee’s deputy chair, and Heath Mello, an Omaha, Nebraska Democratic mayoral candidate, NARAL Pro-Choice America, an organization that endorsed Hillary Clinton in the presidential primary, harshly criticized the DNC for what it called the party’s “embrace” of “an anti-choice candidate.”
The statement followed a report in The Wall Street Journal that Mello once supported legislation “requiring women to look at ultrasound image of their fetus before receiving an abortion.” The liberal website Daily Kos withdrew its endorsement of Mello over the report.
On Thursday, Mello told The Huffington Post, however, that he “would never do anything to restrict access to reproductive health care,” if elected. Jane Kleeb, the chair of the Nebraska Democratic Party and board member of Our Revolution, a group that emerged out of the embers of the Sanders campaign, said in an interview that The Wall Street Journal and NARAL had “mischaracterized” Mello’s legislative record.
“Heath is a strong progressive Democrat, and he is pro-life, and you can be both things,” Kleeb said, adding: “What Heath did actually was stop a bill to make ultrasounds mandatory by getting Republicans in our legislature to agree to make them voluntary.”
Mello’s vow did not satisfy NARAL, however. “It’s not enough to issue a statement for political expediency when your record is full of anti-choice votes,” Ilyse Hogue, the organization’s president, said in a follow-up statement. “The Democratic Party’s support of any candidate who does not support the basic rights and freedoms of women is disappointing and politically stupid.”
That’s not the only controversy to divide the party in less than 24-hours. Sanders also drew backlash from Democrats after he told the Journal that he doesn’t know if Jon Ossoff, a Democratic candidate hoping to flip a conservative congressional district in Georgia, is a progressive in an article published on Wednesday.  Sanders appeared to go even further in an interview with The Washington Post, saying bluntly: “He’s not a progressive.”
So, why isn’t Sanders convinced Ossoff, a candidate backed by progressive organizations like MoveOn.org and the Progressive Change Campaign Committee, and who raked in millions of dollars in part because he has captivated grassroots Democrats looking to send a message to Trump, is progressive?
Sanders allies argue that Ossoff has not elevated, or embraced, core economic issues that the senator champions, like reducing income equality. They also defended  Sanders’ decision to campaign with Mello by stating that the senator is a champion of reproductive rights for women. (Sanders has received a 100% on Planned Parenthood Action Fund’s congressional scorecard.)
“I fully stand by Senator Sanders because he does champion women's reproductive rights and he has never wavered there,” said Lucy Flores, a board member for Our Revolution, which has also endorsed Mello.
Flores added that while she personally would not support any candidate who does not fundamentally support a woman's right to abortion “the fact that this one issue didn't disqualify his support of Mello just speaks to the complexity of what it means to be a progressive champion during a time when many within the Democratic Party are still trying to figure out what that means.”
As for Ossoff, Flores said, the candidate "has not taken a definitive stance on some progressive issues" including advocating a single-payer universal health care system, or raising the minimum wage to 15 dollars an hour, and believes that "may be part of the problem for Senator Sanders."
Flores added: "To a certain extent, I feel like we’re holding, and in some cases rightly so, Sanders to a higher standard and viewing him as the standard-bearer for progressivism in this country, but you have to remember there are all kinds of reasons why people decide to endorse or not endorse, and just because you endorse a candidate does not mean you support 100% of everything they say or do.”
“Jon Ossoff doesn’t have the word ‘income inequality’ on his issues page, he doesn’t talk about single-payer health care, and he doesn’t have a plan to fight climate change” a former Sanders campaign staffer said in an interview. “I don’t think the senator is anointing anyone or imposing a litmus test on candidates, and I don’t think he sees it that way either. He’s always cared about a core set of economic issues, which is why people flocked to his campaign, and he wants to make sure he supports people who believe in the same things.”
The current controversy is evidence that that ideological divides within the party continue to cause division even after the 2016 presidential election, and that Trump alone will not be enough of a unifying force to paper over those rifts. How those divides will affect the chances of candidates in special election races like Ossoff also remains an open question.  
Spokespeople for Sanders, Ossoff, and Mello did not respond to questions prior to publication. But appearing on CNN Thursday, Ossoff said he is “not interested in ideological labels or purity tests,” adding: “I'll tell you where I stand on the issues, and then I'll let the pundits decide how to label me.”
On Friday, Sanders issued a statement insisting that "it is imperative that Jon Ossoff be elected." He commended "the energy and grassroots activism in Jon's campaign," and said "his victory would be an important step forward in fighting back against Trump's reactionary agenda." Sanders made no mention of the word "progressive."
Some of Ossoff’s supporters, though, weren’t happy about Sanders’ earlier remarks.
“I think that Bernie’s comments are not helpful,” Carlos Moreno, the founder of an Indivisible group in Georgia that has been working to support the Ossoff campaign, said in an interview Thursday. “If you look at Jon’s positions on civil rights, the environment, a woman's right to chose, healthcare, you’ll see that he really is very much a progressive candidate. He is someone who shares the values of Democratic voters, who wants to fight corruption, protect access to the ballot box, and promote good education.”
“I think that Bernie seems to have a rather extreme point of view, that if a candidate wants to do anything to create jobs, that he’s not a progressive,” Moreno added.
David Nir, the political director for Daily Kos, which has been instrumental in channeling grassroots support for Ossoff into an influx of small-donations, respond to Sanders’ comments on Twitter by saying: “Bernie Sanders isn’t helping—he's hurting. He should either endorse Ossoff and raise money for him, or keep his silence.” Nir later added, “on second thought, Sanders shouldn’t endorse Ossoff. He should just remain silent and not hurt the efforts of those of us helping in #GA06.”




ARTICLE
During a joint press conference with Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni, President Trump said he’d like to pass “both” health-care reform and a spending bill by the end of next week. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said he will meet with Trump at the White House on May 16-17. Representative Jason Chaffetz, who announced Wednesday that he won't seek reelection in 2018, said in a radio interview that he might not finish out his term in Congress. Bill O’Reilly, who was ousted from Fox News amid sexual harassment allegations, will reportedly receive a payout of up to $25 million. ISIS has claimed responsibility for an attack that killed a police officer and wounded two others on the Champs Elysées in Paris.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Swaying the Election: A Reuters investigation reveals that a Russian think tank “controlled” by Russian President Vladimir Putin devised a plan to persuade U.S. voters to support Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential election. (Ned Parker, Jonathan Landay, John Walcott)
‘There’s More to Come’: 21st Century Fox announced on Wednesday that Bill O’Reilly was leaving the network amid several sexual-harassment allegations. Vanity Fair reports that Fox insiders expect even more women to come forward. (Sarah Ellison)
Racking Up a Tab: Politico reports that Donald Trump’s presidential campaign has so far paid nearly $4 million in legal fees, and is “still spending heavily to defend against ongoing civil lawsuits alleging assault, incitement, threats and other illegal behavior by the president, his supporters and staff.” (Kenneth P. Vogel)
Why ‘Buy American’ Is Wrong: This week, Trump signed an executive order directing federal agencies to “Buy American, Hire American,” but, argues Ben Shapiro, the policy is both “economically illiterate” and a form of government redistribution. (National Review)
Turning on Your Country: Despite public perceptions of foreign spies, U.S. military and intelligence officials are more worried about government insiders going rogue. In today’s digital environment, the fallout of this disloyalty can be more damaging than a foreign hack. (Tim Johnson, McClatchy)
‘If You’re Black’: The Tampa Bay Times analyzed every Florida police shooting from 2009 to 2014. This interactive report highlights the disproportionate number of law enforcement shootings against black people. (Neil Bedi and Connie Humburg)
Since the 1930s, a president’s first 100 days in office have been used to measure the new administration’s progress and potential success. By his 100th day, former President Franklin D. Roosevelt had signed 76 bills into law and pushed for new federal jobs programs. President Trump will reach his 100-day mark on April 29. What is your assessment of Trump’s early days in office?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
President Trump desperately wants a deal on health care, and he wants the House to pass it next week before his first 100 days in the White House are out.
That much is clear from the reports of a tentative agreement between the leader of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina, and a co-chairman of the moderate Tuesday Group, Representative Tom MacArthur of New Jersey, to break a stalemate over the GOP’s American Health Care Act.
What’s also clear, however, is that the House Republican leadership—the lawmakers that both call and count the votes in Congress—shares neither the optimism nor the urgency of the White House. Speaker Paul Ryan said after a speech in London on Wednesday that Republicans were putting “the finishing touches” on a new proposal, after the party stumbled badly last month on its initial attempt to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. But on Thursday, a senior GOP congressional aide dampened expectations for the bill, which a senior White House official told The Washington Post could receive a House vote as soon as the middle of next week.
“The question is whether it can get 216 votes in the House and the answer isn’t clear at this time,” the aide wrote me in an email. “There is no legislative text and therefore no agreement to do a whip count on.”
These mixed signals are the latest example of the yawning expectations gap between Trump and Ryan over what Congress can achieve on the vexing question of health care. Reluctant to acknowledge defeat, the president has repeatedly insisted over the last several weeks that an agreement is close at hand, that the differences separating the hardliners in the Freedom Caucus from the more pragmatic and electorally vulnerable moderates are bridgeable. “It’s evolving,” the president said Thursday during a press conference, in which he denied there was ever “a give-up” on the issue. (His top aides had told House Republicans that Trump would move on from health care if they didn’t pass the bill last month.) “The plan gets better and better and better, and it’s gotten really, really good, and a lot of people are liking it a lot,” Trump said. “We have a good chance of getting it soon.”
But while Ryan has made a public show of confidence, his office has been much more skeptical about the prospects for reviving the AHCA, having seen first-hand how narrow the path is for writing a policy that can win the votes of conservatives without sacrificing the support of Republicans closer to the political center. Conservative activists also sense that the speaker is fearful of being burned again on a bill for which he expended significant political capital and lost.
The basic dynamics haven’t changed: Members of the Freedom Caucus want to repeal more of Obamacare’s insurance mandates than the AHCA initially scrapped. They argue that doing so is central to the GOP’s long-standing promise of a complete repeal and that the requirements that insurance companies cover certain essential health benefits and accept even the sickest customers are driving up premiums for millions of Americans. Moderates, however, are leery of breaking another pledge Republicans have made repeatedly—that they would not do away with Obamacare’s popular protections for people with preexisting conditions.
As reported by The Huffington Post and Politico, the agreement Meadows and MacArthur have struck would deal with the mandates by letting the states opt out of many of them, so long as they demonstrated that an alternative policy would seek to lower premium costs and expand insurance coverage. In theory, the compromise would let conservatives declare they have weakened Obamacare’s mandates and given states more power over health-care policy. And moderates hailing from Democratic states could assure their constituents that, in all likelihood, they would not lose the protections they currently have because their governors or legislatures would not opt out of the federal mandates.
But the proposal faces any number of pitfalls, both practically and politically.
The Conservative Quandary
Meadows, the third-term North Carolina conservative, genuinely wants to play the role of dealmaker. Despite the president’s occasional ribbing, he’s on good terms with Trump and would like nothing more than to win his praise by delivering a health-care deal that once seemed dead. But it remains an open question just how much sway Meadows has with his own members in the Freedom Caucus. He has claimed that he could have delivered some two dozen votes for an earlier proposal from Vice President Mike Pence, but the House GOP leadership has privately voiced doubts about his influence. It’s clear there are some members of the Freedom Caucus, such as Representative Justin Amash of Michigan, who are unlikely to support any bill that retains the structure of the AHCA. The GOP can lose no more than 22 votes, and a number of moderates are similarly opposed to the legislation because it goes too far to the right at it is.
Wrong Deal-Maker?
MacArthur may be a co-chairman of the Tuesday Group, but he was already supporting the House GOP bill, so his backing of a compromise doesn’t automatically alter the dynamic on the center aisle of the Republican conference. The leadership was well short of the 216 votes it needed in March, and party officials have warned that just about any deal they struck with the Freedom Caucus would result in a net loss of votes because it would scare moderates away. MacArthur’s endorsement could help prevent that kind of exodus, but it’s unlikely to flip many votes among the dozen or so moderates who were previously opposed.
Moderates have even more reason to be wary because conservatives are itching to lay the failure of Obamacare repeal at their feet after the Freedom Caucus drew the bulk of the blame last month. After Meadows endorsed Pence’s proposal in March, activist groups like Heritage Action and the Club for Growth attacked GOP centrists for blocking progress on the bill.
Political Suicide?
Republicans in the White House and on Capitol Hill were plainly embarrassed by their failure on health care the first time around, when they abandoned an ironclad promise without so much as a vote. The whiff had a much bigger ripple effect on their agenda, threatening Trump’s even higher priority of tax reform.
But to political analysts, the idea that the president and the House GOP would revive the AHCA is akin to escaping a burning building and then rushing back in for no good reason. The original bill had a ghastly 17 percent approval rating and had virtually no natural constituency other than Democratic activists eager to make Republicans pay for supporting it. The legislation has continued to dominate town-hall events during the current congressional recess, prompting lawmakers who had been on the fence, like Representative Jeff Denham of California, to declare their opposition after the fact.
Within hours of the reported agreement, statements denouncing the policy flooded in from progressive groups accusing Republicans of breaking their promise to people with preexisting conditions and trying to paper over their deceit. “The MacArthur amendment makes a bad bill even worse,” wrote the co-directors of Health Care for America Now, Margarida Jorge and Ethan Rome. “The only people this amendment will help are the members of Congress scrambling to pass any repeal bill for partisan political reasons, no matter how bad it is for their constituents. Millions will still lose their health insurance. States can still avoid critical consumer protections. Insurers can still refuse to provide basic coverage, institute annual and lifetime caps on the care they cover, and charge people with preexisting conditions more just because they need care, effectively pricing people out of the market.” Jessica Mackler, the president of American Bridge, called the idea of letting states opt out of Obamacare mandates “an insidious backdoor to hammer individuals with preexisting conditions and ending coverage for essential services like hospitalization, maternity care, and prescription drugs.”
The Specter of a Government Shutdown
As I wrote on Tuesday, Congress has a more urgent matter to consider when lawmakers return to Washington next week: They’ll have just a few days to avert a partial shutdown of the federal government. Funding expires on April 28, and the two parties have yet to announce a deal to appropriate money for the remaining five months of the fiscal year. At minimum, Congress must pass a stopgap measure to buy more time for negotiations if they want to keep the government open, and Republican leaders have said this will be their top priority in the days ahead. Asked on Thursday whether he wanted a vote on health care or on a funding deal next week, Trump replied: “I want to get both. Are you shocked?”
Remember the Senate?
Lest the president forget, the U.S. Congress is a bicameral legislature. Even if the House were to pass a major health-care bill in time for Trump’s 100-day marker, the legislation would still be a long way from becoming law. The proposal’s prospects were already precarious with the narrow Republican majority in the Senate, and the changes under consideration in the House could further imperil it in the upper chamber. Passage in the House would likely spur another several weeks of negotiations, if not months. Trump may be impatient to demonstrate progress on health care, but as he learned when he initially tried to shoehorn a House vote last month, wishing Congress would do something doesn’t make it so.



ARTICLE
Update 4/20/2017:
UC Berkeley “reversed its decision to cancel a speech by the conservative author Ann Coulter, approving her to appear on campus in early May,” the New York Times reported this afternoon. The stakes of protecting the May event are high, for all of the reasons discussed below. If successful, Berkeley will reverse a dangerous trend that threatened everyone’s rights. Its leaders deserve credit for hearing criticism and reconsidering their chosen course.  
On Wednesday, the University of California, Berkeley, announced that it was canceling a scheduled speech by Ann Coulter, citing security concerns. Just weeks ago, Berkeley cancelled a speech by Milo Yiannopolous after armed radicals clad in black overwhelmed event security, threw Molotov cocktails in the street, and smashed windows at the campus student union. That was “not a proud night for this campus, the home of the free speech movement,” a UC Berkeley spokesperson said, while the Los Angeles Times editorialized that the success of the violence “should make supporters of free speech shiver.”
And this week’s news bolsters that assessment.
When violence successfully stopped the Yiannopolous event, an incentive was created for threats of future violence and for violence itself. Thus, the clash in Berkeley two days ago between Trump supporters and leftists that Mother Jones’s Shane Bauer characterized as follows: “Militias, alt-right, nazis etc won today in Berkeley. They outnumbered the opposition, pushed it back, and held downtown.” That a second speech is now postponed due to more threats of violence from the far left compounds the problem. Berkeley, a public institution, is compelled by both the Constitution and California law to protect free speech, even if campus Republicans there continue to degrade themselves by abetting or being fooled by nihilistic performance artists—and even if campus leftists invite the most odious of their fellow travelers.
Now, rather than giving campus Republicans the booby prize of having to sit through an Ann Coulter speech, an experience more likely to evoke shame than pride as they age and mature into adults, her critics achieved the booby prize of postponing it.
That outcome is awful for Coulter detractors.
This ought to be a challenging time for the right-wing polemicist, who only recently found herself in much the same position as Madonna: Both provocateurs exploited cultural boundaries, stoking outrage to give their work reach beyond their talent, and profited—only to wane in relevance as their industries became crowded with imitators. Then Donald Trump got into politics. He was unsurpassed in his willingness to state odious beliefs, and really, truly the best at stoking ethnic tensions to benefit himself. Coulter couldn’t beat him in the attention economy—he was maximally shameless, denying her a key advantage she has over many rivals. Nor would she oppose a coalition that included so many of her fans. But she could join him, being one of those rare sorts who is willing to stoke humanity’s darkest impulses.
After the September 11 terrorist attacks, when people with good character spoke more responsibly, Coulter said, “We should invade their countries, kill their leaders and convert them to Christianity. We weren't punctilious about locating and punishing only Hitler and his top officers. We carpet-bombed German cities; we killed civilians.”
In 2016, she published In Trump We Trust, adding sycophancy to the mercenary  indignities to which she has subjected herself, staking her credibility (among the narrow slice of the ideological spectrum where she had any left) on a known huckster.
Right-wing entertainers excel at getting rich as they lead their base astray.
Today, as Trump and his circle continue to suck up most of the outrage oxygen in America—meanwhile making fools of their populist supporters by betraying them at many turns—Coulter ought to enjoy no more relevance than she has respect or esteem, her work read mostly among authoritarian AARP members as their younger analogs gravitate toward Yiannopoulos, a hateful Lady Gaga to her bigoted Madonna. In fairness, Madonna never responded to Gaga’s success by donning a meat dress of her own, whereas Coulter watched a violent mob elevate Milo by preventing him from speaking at Berkeley, then proceeded to follow the character she helped create.
Her critics would have done well to deny her attention by treating her scheduled appearance with the ambivalent yawn every provocateur most dreads. Instead, they began playing into her hands, situating her appearance in a paradigm where free speech is cast as being in conflict with anti-racism—a wrongheaded frame anathema to civil-rights heroes and marginalized protesters the world over. It guarantees either that bigots like Coulter will be seen by many as occupying a moral high ground, or that free speech will suffer, hitting marginalized groups hardest in the end.
Issuing violent threats was, for the left, the most counterproductive of all courses. It generated just the sort of attention Coulter thrives on. And it is remaking Berkeley into a place where the illiberal right can reliably bait the illiberal left into raising their profile.
UC Berkeley’s response threatens to do even more damage than those making threats, all but guaranteeing that the Heckler’s Veto is attempted more often going forward.
As the New York Times put it:

The University of California, Berkeley, on Wednesday canceled a scheduled speech by the conservative author Ann Coulter, in the latest blow to the institution’s legacy and reputation as a promoter and bastion of free speech...

Think of it. “Coulter said the university insisted that her speech take place in the middle of the day, that only students could attend and that the exact venue wouldn’t be announced until the last minute,” the Washington Post reported. “She said that she agreed with the conditions but that that apparently wasn’t good enough.”
Berkeley is the flagship public university in a state with the seventh largest economy in the world. It employs an entire state police force that reports to its leaders. It is situated beside a major city that protects one of America’s most important ports. Given notice, is it really unable to secure a polemicist’s speech against violence? Its ongoing failures to do so threaten anyone who runs afoul of any mob.



ARTICLE
CHICAGO—A surge of innovation in states and cities is building momentum for what could become a seismic shift in American education.
Just as the country came to expect in the decades around World War II that young people would finish at least 12 years of school, more local governments are now working to ensure that students complete at least 14 years. With that change, political leaders in both parties are increasingly acknowledging that if society routinely expects students to obtain at least two years of schooling past high school, government has a responsibility to provide it for them cost-free.
That impulse animates the statewide tuition-free community-college program pioneered under Republican Governor Bill Haslam in Tennessee and replicated under Democratic Governor Kate Brown in Oregon; Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s Star Scholarship, which funds two years of community college for students who complete high school with a B average; and the legislation Governor Andrew Cuomo recently signed into law providing tuition-free access to two- and four-year public colleges in New York for families earning up to $125,000. The Campaign for Free College Tuition, an organization promoting this movement, expects representatives from up to 18 states to join their conference next month in Denver.
Ben Cannon, executive director of the Oregon Higher Education Coordinating Commission, speaks for many devising these initiatives when he insists: “As a state, we generally acknowledge and understand that a high-school education is not enough, and [tuition-free community college] represents an attempt to extend that [public-education] entitlement to 14 years.”
Two key factors explain why 14 is becoming the new 12 in education. First, amid anxiety about the economic strains on blue-collar families, the push for expanded post-secondary access reflects a growing recognition of the critical opportunities community colleges give working-class kids.
More children of parents without a four-year college degree attend community college than any other form of post-secondary education, according to calculations by the Georgetown Center on Education and the Workforce. That’s true for white, African American, and Hispanic students alike. (These figures apply both to students who are financially dependent on their parents and those who are financially independent.) Fully 70 percent of all community-college students are the children of parents without four-year degrees.*
The bridge that community colleges provide for working-class kids was evident when I recently met with a group of Chicago Star Scholarship winners. Among them, only one had a parent who had obtained even a two-year degree. Without the scholarship, which covers tuition, books, and fees in the city’s community-college system, most of those around the table said they would have struggled to pay for school—if they could afford it at all. “I know a lot of kids in my classes who work two jobs,” said scholarship winner Maria Rivera, a first-generation student. “When you have the Star Scholarship … you can put more effort into your work.”
Rivera’s experience captures two other Chicago innovations that are expanding post-secondary access. She finished the two-year Harold Washington College here in just three semesters because she completed so many college-level courses in her public high school. (Half of Chicago high-school graduates now leave with some college credit.) And she’s now planning on seeking a four-year degree, partly because most local colleges provide large tuition discounts to transferring Star Scholarship students.
Simultaneously, the drive for 14 years of education responds to the growing demand from employers for more skilled workers. In Tennessee, Haslam wants 55 percent of the state’s adults (up from about 40 percent now) to obtain some post-secondary credential by 2025. “We’re trying to make a quantum leap in terms of our educated and trained populace,” said David Wright, the Tennessee Higher Education Commission’s chief policy officer. “It’s an economic-competitiveness issue.”
This flurry of local activity has, inevitably, hit some bumps. Because the Oregon and Tennessee programs provide “last dollar” financing after students obtain all available federal aid, they have provoked objections by channeling many of the state dollars to relatively better-off students who don’t receive as much federal help. New York’s broader program has faced a similar concern that free tuition will lure more upper-middle-class students from private colleges into the public system, displacing minority and lower-income kids who often post lower test scores and grades.
Emanuel recently opened a controversial new front by proposing that, starting in 2020, Chicago should prevent students from graduating high school unless they can demonstrate a specific plan to obtain more education, start a job, or join the military. Emanuel says requiring students to specify their next step beyond 12 years of schooling merely positions them to meet “what’s going to be expected of them” in the economy. But critics worry he is imposing unrealistic demands by insisting all students draft such a road map to graduate.
Above all, the push to routinize at least 14 years of education will require community colleges to improve their own performance. In Tennessee, three-fourths of community-college students don’t complete their degree. Chicago’s community-college system graduates just 17 percent of its students in three years—and even that’s a big improvement over 7 percent in 2010. Without more investment, more community-college access may just exacerbate overcrowding and diminish results, said Anthony Carnevale, the Georgetown Center’s director.
Recognizing these challenges, former President Barack Obama wanted to jump-start local innovation by providing matching federal dollars for tuition-free community college nationwide. President Trump has dropped that idea, though Georgetown’s data show how much the working-class whites central to his electoral coalition rely on these institutions. If Trump is serious about lifting those he’s called “forgotten” Americans, broadening access to community college is the one element of his predecessor’s agenda he could most easily slot into his own.
* This article originally misstated that the Georgetown data applied only to students who are financially dependent on their parents; in fact the data applies to all community college students. We regret the error.



ARTICLE
On Wednesday afternoon, the king of cable was summarily—and in the eyes of many, finally—dethroned.
Bill O’Reilly’s stunning fall was both swift and extraordinarily prolonged: Swift for a public newly woken to his alleged transgressions, courtesy of a bombshell New York Times investigation earlier this month that revealed O’Reilly’s employers at Fox News had paid out some $13 million to women who claimed the bombastic TV host had sexually harassed them or otherwise exposed them to inappropriate behavior (just yesterday another woman came forward). Prolonged for those both inside and outside of Fox HQ who had witnessed the host flourish even after 13 years of reportedly questionable behavior (his contract was recently renewed for an estimated $18 million a year).
Whatever the timeline, O’Reilly’s dismissal from the top of the media power grid is still shocking: His was a conservative juggernaut that showed no signs of slowing, raking in hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue each year, with an estimated four million viewers tuning to see him each night. In the age of Trump, it would have seemed that O’Reilly was in the catbird seat: giving voice to the same powerful strain of disaffected conservatism that put Donald Trump in the Oval Office, excitedly (and lucratively) excoriating America’s Losers each night without pause.
And yet, the backlash to the Trump presidency—the outrage it stoked among those very losers, the restive progressive base, and the subsequent push towards collective, grassroots action—was precisely the force that secured O’Reilly’s demise. In other words: If Trump hadn’t been elected, Bill O’Reilly might still have a job.
That’s not to say that the seeds of O’Reilly’s downfall weren’t sown by the women who came out against him and eventually threatened legal action, including Juliet Huddy, Andrea Mackris, Rebecca Gomez Diamond, Laurie Dhue and Andrea Tantaros. Had they not spoken up, O’Reilly would undoubtedly be returning to his post at 8PM next week, rested and rejuvenated from an Italian vacation.
These women, and women like them, were critical in the effort to oust the Fox host, according to Media Matters President, Angelo Carusone—who led his organization’s “Stop O’Reilly” campaign. “I think that women spent a lot of time and did a lot of ground work to make sexual harassment an issue that people would be held accountable for. If that groundwork wasn’t done, advertisers,” who subsequently fled the program in the wake of the Times investigation, “wouldn’t have been persuaded at all.”
But, as Shaunna Thomas, the co-founder of Ultraviolet, a women’s rights organization that led protests against O’Reilly as recently as this week, pointed out: “It’s worth noting that he’s been a problem—a known sexual predator—for decades.”
Thomas explained that the issue of sexual harassment is now prominent in a way it has not been—ever—in part thanks to the president himself.  “Ultraviolet launched in 2012,” she recalled, “and it was hard to even name sexism as a real problem without getting real pushback, even on the left.”
I asked her whether Trump’s campaign scandals, including the release of the infamous Access Hollywood tapes, did anything to change that. “I do think Trump helped educate the public about what consent means,” she said, “considering that someone who was bragging about assaulting women became president. That was a huge wakeup call.”
Carusone concurred: “Trump forced the realization that people can get away with [sexual harassment] so brazenly.” He added, “In an atmosphere where the president of the United States can do what he did and say what he did—it’s a constant reminder that everyone needs to be more engaged, and more forcefully so.”
If Trump put sexual harassment on the front burner during the campaign, his election left many Americans indignant and fearful about the direction in which the country was headed—a powerful mixture of outrage and engagement that appears to have been critical in O’Reilly’s demise. The fate of the Fox News host became one more way for the resistance to make its voice heard, a key battle in the fight against Trump’s tide.
“This is the same group of people who were marching [during the Women’s March], the same group of people who demanded their senators oppose [Attorney General] Jeff Sessions, the same group of people who have resisted Trump’s agenda when it’s clear that it’s endangering women,” said Thomas. “They are part of a really loud, effective campaign against leaders in politics and media who are undermining women.”
“This presidency has given a sense that for individuals—it’s up to them to act,” said Carusone.
Advertisers, the lynchpin to O’Reilly’s demise, understood this. I spoke with Rashad Robinson, the executive director of Color of Change, one of the groups that orchestrated the successful behind-the-scenes effort to pressure advertisers to abandon The O’Reilly Factor—that weeks-long cascade of dollar departures undoubtedly added certain urgency to the argument for the host’s dismissal.
Corporations, Robinson explained, usually have the option of removing their ads in the immediate and waiting to see “what the climate is going to be like,” with the option of returning to a program once the proverbial smoke has cleared.
But this time, Robinson said, “We wanted to make clear that we weren’t going away, that this wasn’t just a vacation they could take from The O’Reilly Factor.”
Activists made their intentions explicit, in part, he said, through the use of social media. “Everyday people can now bypass filters that corporations have, to speak directly to the brands,” he said. “For many of [the corporations], it became too hard to ignore the people who were engaged. People are willing to stand up and fight back and use their voices.”  
O’Reilly, long a Trump ally (and vice versa: the president was one of the very few in recent days to publicly offer a defense of the controversial host), is unlikely to be the last casualty of the fractious divide that has emerged in the wake of a resurgent white populism.
An energized, activist community—possessed of renewed clarity as it concerns its values and goals—is not solely the byproduct of last year’s American presidential election: 2016 had consequences elsewhere, too. And in places that may equally threaten the fortunes of the Murdoch empire. At present, the clan is in the process of trying to complete a takeover of Sky News in the UK, an estimated $13.9 billion deal that dwarves whatever dollars O’Reilly was hauling into the family coffers.
British regulators are currently trying to determine whether 21st Century Fox passes what’s known as a “fit and proper” test to takeover the U.K. television station (O’Reilly’s fiasco was a potential complication in this test, and it remains to be seen how his dismissal will be interpreted by the Brits).
As with the Fox battle here in the U.S., many of the same forces may be at work to scuttle certain Murdochian goals: Grassroots groups, including Avaaz, have been petitioning members of Parliament to reject the deal, pulling many of the same levers that were used here, including public petitions (there are 70,000 signatures and counting) and direct email engagement with the powers-that-be. Their motivation, moreover, is not unlike the that of the activists the U.S.: In the wake of 2016’s Brexit vote, England is divided as to what kind of country it is, and what kind of country it wants to be.
Bert Wander, the director of Avaaz’s campaign in the UK, explained to me that there has been “huge public engagement” in the wake of the Brexit vote, as well as special attention paid to the “work” Murdoch’s UK-based outlets did to push for the withdrawal of Britain from the European Union—he owns nearly a third of the newspapers in the country.
“People are beginning to realize what’s at stake with our media and the way it works. The political outcomes of these highly polarized, fact-free campaigns … I think it’s made people want to take things into their hands a bit.”
The fate of the Murdoch’s (second) bid to gain full control over Sky News remains to be seen—but today, in the wake of the ouster of its most prominent and profitable television personality in the U.S., the irony of the situation is hard to ignore. The very force that the Fox media empire ushered in—a strain of irascible, combative nativism—may have given rise to a countervailing movement that will ultimately undermine the Murdoch’s bottom line.
Related Videos




ARTICLE
Let the betting pools begin: What will be the next policy issue that Donald Trump suddenly discovers is way more complicated than “anyone” ever imagined?
Already, the aggressively policy-ignorant president has marveled that dealing with touchy issues such as North Korea, China, the Ex-Im bank, Syria, and health care, requires more than trash talk and an itchy Twitter finger. And, while he has yet to break the bad news to the dying coal towns that backed him, Trump has been meeting with energy execs, some of whom have had to gently explain that, when it comes to saving the industry, there’s not all that much he can do. Because—all together now!—it’s complicated.
As it turns out, no matter how much reality TV experience one brings to the table, one cannot simply snap one’s fingers and instantly solve the nation’s most vexing problems.
Who knew?
It’s hard not to be unnerved by the level of on-the-job training Trump requires. (N.B.: For the exceedingly anxious, Amazon offers a cornucopia of in-case-of-apocalypse survival packs.) It’s even harder to resist sneering at his ongoing voyage of presidential discovery. Just think of the unholy abuse Trump himself would be heaping on any other politician so glaringly out of his depth. Brutal.
That said, what if some good could come from Trump’s cluelessness? What if, as he slammed head first into the real-world complexity of the problems he so blithely vowed to fix, he tried to bring his voters along with him in his education—at least part of the way?
The idea sounds crazy, I know. Having based his entire candidacy on promising the scared, alienated, fed-up (white) masses that he could easily make them winners again, Trump may seem an unlikely choice to now explain that things are not as simple as he (or they) initially believed. (For instance, China cannot simply jerk North Korea into line like a naughty puppy.)
But it’s precisely because of his anti-establishment, know-nothing persona that Trump may well be uniquely suited to the delivering such lessons of politics and government.
While the political class likes to mock Trump’s policy and governing ignorance, it’s not as though he’s more ill-informed than the average American. Indeed, his bashing of pointy-headed elites, wonks, and the entire notion of expertise was key to his appeal.
Voters don’t like to be talked down to (especially those already feeling disrespected). Many, many Americans were put off by President Obama’s cerebral, too-cool-for-school manner. It made him seem remote, unrelatable, patronizing. Similarly, precious few hearts raced when Hillary Clinton babbled on about detailed policy plans in that wonky, pedantic way of hers. (Uppity woman!)
This goes beyond partisan sorting. Recall how well the wonkier GOP candidates fared on the presidential trail last year. (Poor Jeb!) Or look at Paul Ryan. The more the House speaker labors to explain the nuances of health care reform or tax reform or budget negotiations, the less that even his own conference wants to hear from him. As Senator Tom Cotton snarked after Ryan tried to sell Republicans in the upper-chamber on a complex border-adjustment tax: “Some ideas are so stupid only an intellectual could believe them.”
In politics, it does not pay to come across as a smarty pants.
This, obviously, is not a problem for Trump. He prides himself on valuing gut instinct above book learning or relevant experience. He frets way more about public opinion regarding the size of his … um, hands … than of his brain. And no one will ever accuse him of overly intellectual or eloquent oratory. (The man makes Sarah Palin sounds like a Toastmasters’ champ.)
With Trump’s Policy-for-Dummies speaking style, the difficulties of even eye-glazing issues could be laid out without voters’ feeling patronized. Better still, Trump would be delivering the tutorials as information that he himself had only recently learned. (“As my good friend President Xi shared with me just last week …”) Everyone would be in more or less the same boat, so no one would need to feel belittled.
Yes, Trump can come across as a comically arrogant narcissist. He has, however, displayed a willingness to acknowledge when he runs across information that changes his mind. He may never apologize or admit to being flat-out wrong; but he’s almost childlike in his delight at learning something new—even when it’s something most adults would be too embarrassed to admit they hadn’t long known. (The man was tickled pink to recently discover that Abraham Lincoln was a Republican.)
For Trump, sharing with voters a bit of the intricacies of governing would have the added benefit of making him look like less of a loser when some debate or issue doesn’t go his way. When Trump boasts that all it takes to solve Problem XYZ is instinct and toughness, he looks all the worse when negotiations break down or Congress gives him the finger or he has to do a policy 180. (Of course China is isn’t a currency manipulator!) But if he could unpack his discovery that the situation is, in fact, much more complicated, then maybe everyone’s understanding of government could improve.
Would such a move carry political risks? Of course. Having risen to power as a scapegoating, bomb-throwing, over-promising demagogue, Trump may find that many of his fans do not want to hear about why he can’t magically solve all their problems right this second. But if even a small portion did listen, it would be a genuine public service—not simply for his voters but for the entire country.
As Trump is fast discovering, being president isn’t just about making proclamations and bullying everyone else into doing what you want. He would do well to help the electorate understand that the job is, in fact, much more complicated than that.




ARTICLE
President Trump signed a reauthorization of the Veterans Choice Act and announced that he will hold a press conference on veterans’ issues on April 27 at the White House. Trump also compared the New England Patriots’ Super Bowl victory to his winning the 2016 presidential election during the team’s visit to the White House. In a statement, Representative Jason Chaffetz, the chairman of the House Oversight Committee, said he won’t seek reelection in 2018. 21st Century Fox said that Bill O’Reilly “will not be returning” to Fox News, after it was reported that O’Reilly and the company had reached settlements with five women who accused him of sexual harassment. A Federal Election Commission filing shows that Trump’s inaugural committee raised a historic $106.7 million for his inauguration in January.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Speaking Out of Both Sides: In recent days, the Trump administration’s practical approach to North Korea has revealed that officials are being more cautious and risk-averse than their tough talk indicates. (Missy Ryan, Simon Denyer, and Emily Rauhala, The Washington Post)
White House Celebs: Trump staffers, like Kellyanne Conway and Sean Spicer, have become icons in the early days of the administration. Now, they must adjust to their newfound fame. (Annie Karni and Tara Palmeri, Politico)
Turning on Trump?: The same media that “wrote off Trump's electoral chances continue looking for evidence that the president has lost traction with the people who elected him,” argues Edward Morrissey, but there’s no evidence of that. (The Week)
The Decision to Vote for Trump: Refugees helped resuscitate a small town in Maine that experienced a significant population decline. But in 2016, for the first time in 30 years, that same community chose a Republican for president: Donald Trump. (Claire Galofaro, AP)
The True Test : Sanctuary cities are gearing up to push back against the new administration’s immigration crackdown. But, Jonathan Blitzer writes, the power of their resistance is limited. (The New Yorker)
Cross the Aisle?: A number of lawmakers up for reelection in 2018 need to win in states that voted against their party in the 2016 presidential race. View these graphics for a breakdown of how each state—and district—voted for president. (Kevin Schaul and Kevin Uhrmacher, The Washington Post)
Since the 1930s, a president’s first 100 days in office have been used to measure the new administration’s progress and potential success. By his 100th day, former President Franklin D. Roosevelt had signed 76 bills into law and pushed for new federal jobs programs. President Trump will reach his 100-day mark on April 29. What is your assessment of Trump’s early days in office?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Karen Handel, who on Tuesday advanced from a field of 11 GOP hopefuls to a runoff in a Georgia special election for the House, is not exactly the prototype of a Trump-era Republican.
She’s a veteran politician who has waged three campaigns—one victorious—for statewide office in the last 11 years, and unlike her main party rivals, rarely invoked the president’s name on the campaign trail. Handel, 55, is neither an establishment favorite nor a renegade outsider; she is, however, a familiar face in Georgia GOP politics, having run in primaries for governor in 2010 and Senate in 2014. And that advantage in name recognition may have, as much as any particular message, helped win her nearly 20 percent of the vote and a second-place finish in the 6th district’s jungle primary.
But Handel might also have succeeded by reflecting the relative lack of enthusiasm that Republican voters in Atlanta’s northern suburbs have for President Trump. While the district reelected now-former Representative Tom Price by a wide margin in November, it split its votes between Trump and Hillary Clinton. (He carried the district by about 1.5 percentage points.) That was a big reason why the special-election race was so enticing for Democrats, who threw their support behind 30-year-old Jon Ossoff and narrowly missed an outright victory on Tuesday.
Handel ran as a standard conservative Republican, much as Price did in his campaigns. She touted her record balancing the budget as chairwoman of the Fulton County board of commissioners and then implementing a voter ID law as secretary of state. She railed against the undefined “status quo,” but the issues she highlighted—opposition to abortion, lower taxes, repealing and replacing Obamacare—were fairly boilerplate. Though Handel didn’t criticize Trump, he played little role in her messaging.
By contrast, her rivals hugged the president tightly and fought over who would back him most staunchly in Congress. Trump’s voice is the first you hear in the feature video on the website of Bob Gray, a businessman and first-time candidate who told voters he was “running for Congress to support President Trump’s agenda.” Dan Moody, a former Georgia state senator, similarly uttered Trump’s name before his own in one of his ads, embracing the president’s call for term limits. Another spot featured live donkeys and elephants to represent the two parties, including an elephant wearing enormous pearls that was a thinly-veiled reference to the “career politician” Handel. And another GOP contender, State Senator Judson Hill, repeatedly attacked Gray as a “phony” Trump supporter, citing a critical comment the businessman made in a Facebook post during last year’s campaign.
In the end, Gray, Moody, and Hill all finished within about 4,000 votes of each other and well behind Handel. “The more closely aligned a candidate was with President Trump, the worse that candidate did,” wrote Erick Erickson, the Georgia-based conservative activist who has supported Handel and criticized Trump. Erickson noted that among the minor GOP candidates, the one who backed third-party conservative Evan McMullin in last year’s race won significantly more votes than two who helped elect Trump.
The split among Republicans was apparent not only in their messages but in their endorsements. Senator David Perdue backed Moody while his predecessor, former Senator Saxby Chambliss, endorsed Handel. Hill had the support of Senator Marco Rubio of Florida and of ex-Speaker Newt Gingrich, who represented the district for 20 years in the House.
Democrats can take hope in Ossoff’s performance overall and in the turnout, which saw a much steeper drop-off for Republicans than for Democrats, much as it did in the party’s strong showing last week in a Kansas House race. (Special elections are generally low-turnout affairs compared to standard campaigns in the fall.) Despite the enthusiasm gap between the parties, the 11 Republicans totaled more votes than Ossoff and six other Democrats. And the party immediately rallied around her heading into the June 20 runoff. Handel received a call on Wednesday morning from Trump, who congratulated her in a tweet as well. She told CNN she hoped the president would come to Georgia to campaign for her.
The June runoff will feature a new dynamic for both parties in the 6th district, and one that could make the special election a more relevant bellwether for the 2018 midterms. Ossoff and the Democrats face a much stiffer challenge running against a single Republican with a unified party behind her. And while Handel deftly kept her distance from the polarizing Trump in the first round, she may not have that option now.



ARTICLE
Representative Jason Chaffetz shocked politicos from Utah to Washington Wednesday with a surprise announcement that he would not seek reelection next year.  
The Utah congressman, who serves as chairman of the House Oversight Committee, is a high-profile figure in the GOP—a media-savvy lawmaker viewed by many party leaders as a rising star. But he has also been a target of fierce grassroots opposition in recent months, as critics accuse him of allowing partisan hypocrisy to hinder his role as a designated Trump watchdog. Earlier this year, he made national headlines when he was booed off stage by angry constituents at a town hall in his district, and since then activists have donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to various efforts to unseat him.
Chaffetz moved immediately Wednesday to tamp down any emerging narrative that he was chased out of his seat.
“For those that would speculate otherwise, let me let me be clear that I have no ulterior motives,” he wrote on Facebook. “I am healthy. I am confident I would continue to be re-elected by large margins. I have the full support of Speaker Ryan to continue as Chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. That said, I have made a personal decision to return to the private sector.”
But his decision not to run next year does appear to have been made quite recently. Chaffetz had given no public indication that he was planning to abandon his seat next year. In fact, when I interviewed him last month for a profile, I asked him how much longer he planned to stay in the House, and he replied, “Not too much longer. You can be the chairman up to six years.” He has only served as oversight chairman since 2015.
Nor did Chaffetz make his plans known privately among allies in his home state. According to Utah GOP sources, even high-level elected officials close to the congressman didn’t learn of his decision until late Tuesday night.
“He kept this very much under wraps,” one senior Republican told me. “The political class here is reeling right now. Nobody has any idea what’s going on.”
Immediately following Chaffetz’s announcement, observers speculated that he was stepping aside to prepare for a gubernatorial bid in 2020—a race he told me last month he would “definitely maybe” enter. But the Republican insiders I spoke to Wednesday were skeptical that future career ambitions would lead him to forsake a high-profile platform like the one he has now.
A spokesperson for Chaffetz did not immediately respond to a request for comment. But in an interview with Utah’s KSL talk radio Wednesday, he said his decision was motivated primarily by a desire to spend more time with his family.
Meanwhile, as speculation swirls in Utah political circles about Chaffetz’s motivations, the announcement has set off a scramble in his home state to determine who will replace him.
According to one senior GOP source, it is not yet clear whether Chaffetz will finish his term, or ultimately decide to resign early. Democrat Kathryn Allen, a darling of the national progressive media, has built up a substantial war chest, though she still faces an uphill climb in an incredibly conservative district. And a person close to Evan McMullin— a conservative Mormon and former independent presidential candidates—tells me he is considering a bid for the seat. Other local Republicans will no doubt enter the fray.
Even before Chaffetz announced his abrupt exit, his political luck had suffered a steep decline when Trump was elected. As oversight chairman, he was preparing to spend four years investigating President Hillary Clinton’s alleged scandals and misdeeds. Then the Republicans unexpectedly seized control of the White House, leaving Chaffetz with the unenviable task of policing his own party. It was a fraught job to begin with, and his casual attitude toward the Trump family’s potential conflicts of interest—demonstrated in his interview with me last month—has only increased the pressure on him.  
“Aside from Trump and Clinton,” one Utah Republican told me last month, “nobody’s fortunes changed more on presidential election night than Jason Chaffetz.”



ARTICLE
College students seeking to suppress or punish speech in their communities are the latest iteration of a longer tradition in American life than many of their critics acknowledge. That’s true even narrowing our backward gaze to Supreme Court cases from the last century.
During World War II, for instance, the case of Chaplinsky vs. State of New Hampshire considered whether the municipality of Rochester had, by arresting Walter Chaplinsky, a Jehovah’s Witness, for his speech, violated his rights. On the day in question, Chaplinsky was distributing literature on the street when a crowd became inflamed at his message and complained to the city marshal, James Bowering. At first, Bowering advised the crowd that Chaplinsky was acting within his rights; later, after another altercation, he warned that his literature was creating a disturbance.
Chaplinsky responded, “You are a God damned racketeer” and “a damned Fascist,” and “the whole government of Rochester are Fascists or agents of Fascists.” He was arrested under a local law stating that “no person shall address any offensive, derisive or annoying word to any other person who is lawfully in any street or other public place, nor call him by any offensive or derisive name, nor make any noise or exclamation in his presence and hearing with intent to deride, offend or annoy him, or to prevent him from pursuing his lawful business or occupation.”
The Supreme Court declined to declare that law unconstitutional.
“There are certain well-defined and narrowly limited classes of speech, the prevention and punishment of which has never been thought to raise any Constitutional problem,” the majority opinion stated. “These include the lewd and obscene, the profane, the libelous, and the insulting or ‘fighting’ words––those which by their very utterance inflict injury or tend to incite an immediate breach of the peace.”
That is the origin of “fighting words” as an exception to freedom of speech, though the dearth of subsequent cases citing that exception and other jurisprudence cutting against it suggest that corner of First Amendment law no longer applies. Nevertheless, the case was cited in the scholarship of critical race theorists in the 1980s and 1990s as they urged state punishment of racist hate speech (their notion of what that encompassed was narrower than some of today’s undergraduates), premised partly on the notion that some words by their very utterance inflict injury.
Henry Louis Gates Jr., the director of the Hutchins Center for African and African American Research at Harvard University, traced that history in “Let Them Talk,” his masterful 1993 critique of critical race theory and defense of free speech. He noted that the notion of injurious words did survive for awhile in state courts, with results like this:

An apparently not atypical conviction––upheld by the Louisiana state court––was occasioned by the following exchange between a white police officer and the black mother of a young suspect.

He: "Get your black ass in the goddamned car."

She: "You god damn mother fucking police––I am going to the Superintendent of Police about this."

No prize for guessing which one was convicted for uttering fighting words.

Alas, such cautionary tales are mostly unknown on today’s college campuses. As in the 1990s, the aim of activists “is not to resist power, but to enlist power.” We are witnessing another attempt to revive the notion that certain instances of speech inflict injury by their very utterance, and should therefore be suppressed or punished. But even as notions of what constitutes impermissible “hate speech” expand, the potential for suppression to boomerang back on activists is seldom considered.
An instructive example is unfolding at the five undergraduate institutions that make up the Claremont Colleges. Student protesters attempted to shut down a recent speech at Claremont McKenna by Heather Mac Donald, the Manhattan Institute scholar, War on Cops author, and critic of the Black Lives Matter movement.
David Oxtoby, the president of Pomona College, responded to efforts to shut down her speech by releasing a statement defending liberalism. “Protest has a legitimate and celebrated place on college campuses,” he wrote. “What we cannot support is the act of preventing others from engaging with an invited speaker. Our mission is founded upon the discovery of truth, the collaborative development of knowledge and the betterment of society. Our shared commitment to these values is critical to educating leaders who are prepared to craft solutions to the most complex problems we face.”
In response, a group of student activists sent him a petition demanding a revised statement. They wrote, “If engaged, Heather Mac Donald would not be debating on mere difference of opinion, but the right of Black people to exist.” That is an inaccurate rendering of her views, which I know well, having disagreed with her for years on policing, which we both cover—Mac Donald’s explicit and oft-repeated position is that “there is no government agency more dedicated to the idea that black lives matter than the police,” a conclusion she reached after years of reporting on New York City, where a sharp decline in the murder rate, which she attributes to improved NYPD tactics, saved hundreds of would-be black murder victims, a trend she believes to have been exported to other cities through “the NYPD diaspora.”
There are many solid critiques of her earnestly held positions (and many people of all races who basically agree with Mac Donald). Unfortunately, the petition signed by petitioners at the Claremont Colleges mostly raises and then begs the wrong questions.
“Heather Mac Donald is a fascist, a white supremacist, a warhawk, a transphobe, a queerphobe, a classist, and ignorant of interlocking systems of domination that produce the lethal conditions under which oppressed peoples are forced to live,” it states. “Why are you, and other persons in positions of power at these institutions, protecting a fascist and her hate speech and not students that are directly affected by her presence?”
The language is striking to anyone familiar with the critical race theorists, the Supreme Court cases that their scholarship drew upon, and the people who are typically punished when speech restrictions are successfully implemented in the United States. These students, who seek to weaken free speech norms, do not see how vulnerable to punishment their own speech would be under an alternative paradigm. Not only are they dubbing someone a “fascist,” a word the Supreme Court specifically held to inflict injury at its very utterance, they are doing so at a moment when there is a national movement urging the punching of fascists—and a White House and Congress that leans on authoritarian-inflected populism more than any in a generation, making it especially likely that new speech restrictions would be used to suppress dissent.
It is similarly easy to see how another strategy of critical race theorists—the attempt to punish some speech by declaring it “group libel”—could be coopted to punish everything from pro-Palestinian activism to group insults like “fuck the police” or “fuck white tears,” or even analytic claims about “white fragility” or “cisgender privilege.”
At times, the Claremont petitioners do recognize the value of free speech, if only by way of trying to qualify it. “Free speech, a right many freedom movements have fought for, has recently become a tool appropriated by hegemonic institutions,” the students write. “It has not just empowered students from marginalized backgrounds to voice their qualms and criticize aspects of the institution, but it has given those who seek to perpetuate systems of domination a platform to project their bigotry.”
Their error isn’t merely thinking that one can have free speech norms that  “empower students from marginalized backgrounds” while suppressing speech from hegemonic institutions—rather, they err in attributing the power of “those who seek to perpetuate systems of domination” to free speech. Persons or institutions that already exercise hegemony need not rely on laws or norms protecting unconstrained expression to share their views. As Georgetown’s David Cole once put it, “in a democratic society the only speech government is likely to succeed in regulating will be that of the politically marginalized. If an idea is sufficiently popular, a representative government will lack the political wherewithal to suppress it, irrespective of the First Amendment. But if an idea is unpopular, the only thing that may protect it from the majority is a strong constitutional norm of content-neutrality.”
The Claremont Colleges are not government institutions, but a similar logic applies. It is almost never the case that a group is both so marginalized that it is threatened by speech, and so powerful that it can persuade an authority to suppress speech.
Later in their petition, the students of the Claremont Colleges demand that the colleges take action against a conservative student newspaper, The Claremont Independent, for what they characterize as “its continual perpetuation of hate speech, anti-Blackness, and intimidation toward students of marginalized backgrounds,” adding that if the newspaper reports on their petition, “provided that the Claremont Independent releases the identity of students involved with this letter and such students begin to receive threats and hate mail … we demand that this institution and its constituents take legal action against members of the Claremont Independent involved with the editing and publication process as well as disciplinary action, such as expulsion on the grounds of endangering the wellbeing of others.”
If these demands were met, would it not demonstrate that the petitioners exercise more power on campus than the students whose punishment they seek? Would not the precedent of punishing students in the manner suggested put the petitioners at risk, if their denunciation of the Claremont Independent led to verbal attacks on its staffers?
There is, finally, a weakness in the petitioners’ argument that “Pomona cannot have its cake and eat it, too,”—that it cannot, on one hand, say that it supports and respects black students, and on the other hand, defend letting Heather Mac Donald speak, even if institutional leaders purport to disagree with the substance of her views.
Gates offers the best rebuttal to that view (albeit in a slightly different context):

A university administration that merely condemns hate speech, without mobilizing punitive sanctions, is held to have done little, to have offered "mere words."

And yet this skepticism about the power of "mere words" comports oddly with the attempt to regulate "mere words" that, since they are spoken by those not in a position of authority, would seem to have even less symbolic force.

Why is it "mere words" when a university only condemns racist speech, but not "mere words" that the student utters in the first place? Whose words are "only words"? Why are racist words deeds, but anti-racist words just lip service?

Near the end of “Let Them Talk,” Gates turns specifically to the subject of codes implemented on college campuses to punish hate speech. As he summarized them:

The record may surprise some advocates of regulations. "When the ACLU enters the debate by challenging the University of Michigan's efforts to provide a safe harbor for its Black, Latino and Asian students," Charles R. Lawrence writes, "we should not be surprised that nonwhite students feel abandoned." In light of the actual record of enforcement, however, the situation might be viewed differently. During the year in which Michigan's speech code was enforced, more than twenty blacks were charged––by whites––with racist speech. As Nadine Strossen of the ACLU notes, not a single instance of white racist speech was punished, a fact that makes Lawrence's talk of a "safe harbor" seem more wishful than informed.

At Michigan, a full disciplinary hearing was conducted only in the case of a black social work student who was charged with saying, in a class discussion of research projects, that he believed homosexuality was an illness, and that he was developing a social work approach to move homosexuals toward heterosexuality. ("These charges will haunt me for the rest of my life," the student claimed in a court affidavit.) By my lights, this is a good example of how speech codes kill critique. I think that the student's views about homosexuality (which may or may not have been well-intentioned) are both widespread and unlikely to survive intellectual scrutiny. Regrettably, we have not yet achieved a public consensus in this country on the moral legitimacy (or, more precisely, the moral indifference) of homosexuality. Yet it may well be that a class on social work is not an inappropriate forum for a rational discussion of why the "disease" model of sexual difference has lost credibility among social scientists. (In a class on social work, this isn't p.c. brainwashing, this is education.) The trouble is, you cannot begin to conduct this conversation when you outlaw the expression of the view that you would criticize.

I believe that Heather Mac Donald’s views on policing are widespread, wrongheaded, and unlikely to survive intellectual scrutiny. Regrettably, Americans have not yet achieved a public consensus on the moral necessity of better policing our police. The trouble is, you cannot begin to advance that project when you suppress the airing of the view that one must understand to persuade millions of people to abandon. (Most students cannot even accurately characterize Mac Donald’s arguments.)
When I was an undergraduate at Claremont, Pat Buchanan spoke on campus. I found a lot of his beliefs odious. But his presence prompted me to familiarize myself with his ideas and the strongest arguments against them. That put me on an intellectual trajectory that allowed me to argue more effectively in subsequent years on behalf of gay marriage, against nativists, and many years later, against the toxic identity politics of Donald Trump.
If something like the Campaign Zero agenda for policing reform is going to triumph in America, future leaders at places like the Claremont Colleges will need to know how to meet people like Heather Mac Donald in face-to-face encounters, and to demonstrate that their critiques and ideas are superior. Simply declaring that she is a bigot will not, in fact, advance social justice. If these students succeed in changing free-speech norms in any realm, so that expression is more routinely suppressed when dubbed injurious or hateful or libelous, the history of speech restrictions on and off campus—a history routinely ignored by student censors—suggests marginalized communities will be hardest hit by their pyrrhic victory.



ARTICLE
After more than a year of punting, the Supreme Court will finally hear a major church-state case on Wednesday.
In 2012, Trinity Lutheran Church in Missouri applied for a state grant to fix up its pre-school playground. Under the program, Missouri would provide rubber from recycled tires to cover play areas like Trinity Lutheran’s, which had a pea gravel surface that was “unforgiving if/when a child falls.” While the church’s application was ranked high by the state, Missouri declined to grant the money because of a state constitutional provision holding that “no money shall ever be taken from the public treasury, directly or indirectly, in aid of any church, sect, or denomination of religion.”
Trinity Lutheran v. Comer asks whether Missouri can exclude religious institutions from otherwise secular and neutral aid programs under the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. This is the first case the court has heard in a decade and a half about providing resources to churches, and the stakes are about more than just tire scraps. The court’s decision could shape future fights over school-voucher programs. It could also speak to the constitutionality of state-level church-funding prohibitions like Missouri’s, which, some scholars say, have a dark and discriminatory past.
Trinity Lutheran is the kind of case that gets legal scholars excited. “I’ve been waiting for this issue to come up for about 22 years now,” said Rick Garnett, a professor of law and political science at Notre Dame University. Garnett wasn’t alone—groups from Southern Baptists to Jews filed amicus briefs in this seemingly anodyne case. On its surface,Trinity Lutheran seems like it’s just about keeping kids’ knees from getting scraped. But it raises a highly contested question: What does the law say about when and how the government can fund religious institutions?
“The American tradition is that we don’t give direct money to churches,” said Marty Lederman, an associate professor at Georgetown University Law Center.
In recent years, though, that tradition shifted somewhat. In 2000, the Supreme Court ruled in Mitchell v. Helms that a Louisiana parish could provide computers and library books to private schools, including the region’s many Catholic schools. The Court stopped short of saying the government could give cash to religious schools, though. Some legal scholars argue that Trinity Lutheran could shift that standard: If the Court were to rule that Missouri can and should provide grants to eligible religious organizations, a whole new set of legal challenges and policy questions could open up.
In particular, the decision in Trinity Lutheran could influence the debate over school vouchers. “For a long time, it was thought that the federal Establishment Clause stood in the way of school-voucher programs that allowed religious institutions to participate,” said Garnett. “Over time, in the late ’80s and through the ’90s, the court’s doctrine evolved.” In the early 2000s, he said, the Supreme Court ruled that the Establishment Clause doesn’t allow the government to directly fund religious activities, but it’s not a problem if people use state-funded vouchers to attend private religious schools.
Trinity Lutheran is now arguing that Missouri is discriminating against the church, and thus violating the U.S. Constitution, by prohibiting it from receiving state grants. If the court were to rule in Trinity Lutheran’s favor, “that would open up the way, in some states, for more experimentation with school choice, whether it were tax credits or actual vouchers,” said Garnett. “That’s a big deal, policy-wise.”
“Symbolically ... it’s not a bad thing to have that history repudiated.”
Most states have constitutional provisions like Missouri’s which prohibit them from giving money to churches. The history of these measures is highly contested. Many were passed at various points in the 19th century, and scholars like Garnett argue that they were largely motivated by anti-Catholic sentiment: Legislators feared that private Catholic schools would undermine the Protestant-oriented public-education system.
In 1875, James G. Blaine, then a member of the House of Representatives, proposed a federal constitutional amendment that would bar tax dollars from going to sectarian institutions. Historians suspect Blaine hoped to capitalize on the dominant anti-Catholic sentiment of the time to help him in a presidential bid. Blaine’s U.S. constitutional amendment failed, but many states adopted their own version of the provision, which are now often referred to as Blaine amendments after 19th-century statesman. “Symbolically, to the extent that these provisions do have a history, it’s not a bad thing to have that history repudiated,” Garnett said.
But other scholars, like Lederman and Steven Green, a law professor at Willamette University and the former head of Americans United for the Separation of Church and State, argue that the timing of this argument is off. For example: One of the provisions in question in Trinity Lutheran was passed in 1820, Lederman said—years ahead of Blaine and his reaction to America’s wave of Catholic immigrants.
“Some of the people who supported the Blaine amendment were clearly supporting it out of anti-Catholic animus. But that’s not a complete picture of what was going on,” said Green. “We can’t necessarily tar all of these amendments with that legacy or narrative.”
Trinity Lutheran brings all of these contentious debates over history and religion into one case—and a conveniently anodyne one at that. “From the perspective of someone like me, who was hoping to have these Blaines domesticated, if not put down—the facts of this case are really good for my side,” said Garnett. “If a Blaine amendment controversy comes up in the context of some super conservative evangelical, young-earth-creationism school that’s trying to get funding so they can train people to go off and build Noah’s Ark camps, those are the worst facts. But when a mainstream denomination has a pre-school … it’s just great facts.”
“Government funds will then be used to provide social services on a discriminatory basis.”
That’s exactly what worries Trinity Lutheran’s opponents. While this specific grant may seem insignificant, a Supreme Court decision in favor of the church could have broad implications, which is why so many organizations filed briefs to share their opinions. Lambda Legal, the LGBT-rights advocacy firm, argued in a brief that a decision in favor of Trinity Lutheran could lead to discrimination against LGBT folks, for example. Some churches “don’t wish to serve everybody,” said Camilla Taylor, a senior counselor at the firm. If the states provide grants to churches like Trinity Lutheran, “government funds will then be used to provide social services on a discriminatory basis.”
Despite everything potentially at stake, Trinity Lutheran may not end up being a landmark Court decision—it could be thrown out.
The case has traveled a bumpy path to oral arguments. The justices agreed to hear the case in January 2016, but one month later, Antonin Scalia died, leaving a largely divided court of eight. The court put off scheduling the case for more than a year, and during that time, politics happened. The Democratic attorney general who had overseen the case, Chris Koster, ran for governor and lost to a Republican, Eric Greitens. The new attorney general who replaced Koster, Josh Hawley, is also a Republican. It wasn’t clear what position the new government would take in the case until just a few days before oral arguments were set to begin, when Greitens announced that he was changing the state’s policy. Religious organizations will now be eligible to receive grant money from the Missouri Department of Natural Resources, he said.
This last-minute announcement created a big question: Is Trinity Lutheran moot, meaning there’s no longer a live question for the Court to resolve?
Everyone involved in the case says no. Trinity Lutheran, which is being represented by the Alliance Defending Freedom, submitted a letter arguing that the court can still rule on the legality of Missouri’s exclusion policy, even though Missouri appears to have voluntarily ended that policy for now. Besides, it argued, the new policy is not permanent: Future administrations could very well reverse Greitens’s decision. Even Greitens, in announcing his new policy, said he doesn’t expect his decision to affect the case since it involves a decision from 2012.
Meanwhile, the Missouri attorney general’s office argued that the court need to rule in the case in part because Greitens’s announcement has created the possibility of a lawsuit against the state from the other direction. In Missouri, taxpayers can sue the government for using state funds in ways that violate the state constitution, and the attorney general anticipates that a Missouri citizen would sue if Trinity Lutheran now starts getting money.
In a further twist, the entire attorney general’s office recused itself from the case “out of an abundance of caution,” anticipating that it may have to defend the state from taxpayers who sue over Greitens’s new policy. James Layton, the former solicitor general under the Democratic administration, is now representing the Missouri Department of Natural Resources from private practice.
Even though all the parties in the case want it to keep going, significant ambiguities remain. The Missouri government now has to defend itself from two sides: It has to explain why Trinity Lutheran should be legally eligible for state money, but it also has to defend the Missouri state constitutional provision that keeps money from going to churches.
“Which is it?” said Lederman. “Is [the] view that the Missouri constitution prohibits the church’s eligibility, or that it doesn’t? If [the] legal view is that it does not, then I don’t see why the case isn’t moot. On the other hand, if [Missouri is] continuing to argue that Missouri’s constitution prohibits funding … then why is [it] letting the church get the money?” All of “this is still something of a black box,” Lederman said, at least until Wednesday’s oral arguments.
Meanwhile, the religion-law community will keep hoping that the case doesn’t get tossed out. After all, a case this good doesn’t come around the playground very often.



ARTICLE
On April 29, President Trump hopes to be commemorating his 100th day in office by touting his successful appointment of a Supreme Court justice and his quick victories in rolling back the Obama-era regulatory regime. But if Congress does not strike the first truly bipartisan deal of his presidency by then, Trump will instead spend his 100th day explaining to the public why the government he’s charged with running has partially shut down.
Federal funding for most departments runs out on April 28, and House and Senate staffers are using the ongoing two-week congressional recess to negotiate a spending bill that would cover the final five months of the fiscal year. Despite their minority status in Washington, Democrats are feeling bullish about the talks, and the 100-day marker is a big reason why. Still reeling from their failure to repeal the Affordable Care Act, Republican leaders have little appetite for an all-out brawl that could result in a shutdown at a time when they are trying to prove to their constituents they can effectively run the country.
“Our Republican colleagues know that since they control the House, the Senate, and the White House that a shutdown would fall on their shoulders, and they don’t want it,” Senator Charles Schumer of New York, the Democratic minority leader, told reporters on Tuesday. “We want to make sure it’s a good budget that meets our principles, but so far, so good.”
Schumer’s optimism means Trump is unlikely to get all of his top priorities in whatever agreement Congress can reach. Democrats have leverage in the negotiations because Republicans will need eight of their votes to clear a filibuster in the Senate and because conservatives in the House have been reluctant in recent years to vote for any bill that appropriates significant amounts of taxpayer money. Democrats are using that power to refuse to grant Trump any of the $1.4 billion he sought to begin development of his signature southern border wall, and Republican leaders have signaled they are content to delay a debate on the issue until Congress considers funding for 2018. Nor is the president likely to see the $18 billion in cuts to domestic programs the White House is seeking this fiscal year to help offset the boost in military spending that Trump wants even more.
And in a move likely to anger some conservatives, GOP leaders are not even pushing to include a provision blocking funds to Planned Parenthood that they repeatedly—and unsuccessfully—demanded under former President Barack Obama. They had hoped to insert the measure in their health-care bill because it did not require Democratic votes, but with that effort stalled, so is the drive to defund Planned Parenthood. “It really hasn’t been an issue,” said one Democratic congressional aide briefed on the talks. The GOP has kept quiet about the discussions, and aides to senior Republicans in the House and Senate declined to comment on the remaining sticking points.
Thus far, the Trump administration has had minimal involvement in the negotiations on Capitol Hill, and Democrats like Schumer say it’s best for all involved that it stay that way. (That includes Democratic leaders leery of being seen as striking a deal with a president despised by their liberal base.) “If the president doesn’t interfere and insist on poison-pill amendments to be shoved down the throat of the Congress, then we can come up with an agreement,” he said. Schumer was referring obliquely to a request from the White House that Congress include a provision in the bill that would withhold money from so-called “sanctuary cities” that refuse to enforce federal immigration laws.
Democrats, meanwhile, have policy demands of their own for the legislation. After Trump threatened to withhold subsidies for insurance companies under Obamacare unless Democrats agreed to help the GOP repeal the law, they want to add a provision to the spending bill requiring the administration to pay them out. House Republicans sued the Obama administration over those payments, but they are now under intense pressure from the insurance industry and the Chamber of Commerce to maintain them at least temporarily to prevent a further destabilization of the individual market that could lead to premium spikes for consumers.
Trump isn’t exactly going to come away empty-handed. Lawmakers are likely to approve at least some additional money for defense spending, even if it’s not the full $30 billion the president requested or if it’s not offset with steep spending cuts elsewhere. And Congress may place restrictions on how the Pentagon can use the money, since the administration wants to spend much of it on buying new weapons and equipment. “We don’t just cut $30 billion checks and say, ‘Buy all the toys you want,’” the Democratic aide said.
Lawmakers might also agree to give the administration money to enhance border security in ways that do not include construction of the physical wall, which might allow Trump to declare a partial victory. “We’ve made very clear to Congress that the president’s priorities are increasing military spending and security of our border,” Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said last week when asked whether Trump would insist on money for the wall as part of the spending bill. “We’re going to continue to have conversations with Congress, and we feel confident that they’ll do their job.”
Democrats caution that the negotiations could still blow up once members of Congress return to Washington next week. Will the House Freedom Caucus make demands of the GOP leadership, and will the leadership try to appease conservatives rather than jettisoning them in favor of a deal with Democrats? Will Trump reinsert himself into the talks with a Twitter rant? The conservative who sparked the last government shutdown in 2013, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, is already warning that Schumer might, in effect, try to bait Republicans into a crisis for which they’ll get the blame. “I do have some concern that to appease the radical left, Chuck Schumer and the Democrats may do everything they can to try to provoke a shutdown,” he said earlier this week, according to The Texas Tribune.
There’s good reason to be skeptical about the prospects for a deal. The Republican Congress has had a sputtering start to the year, falling short on a health-care bill for which they needed no help from Democrats. Schumer and Trump have spent more time insulting each other than bargaining, and the Democratic leader has little to gain politically from sparing the new president a nightmare on his 100th day in office.
That historical marker may be arbitrary, but the image-conscious Trump is reportedly invested in selling the public on his early, if limited, success. That might be incentive enough for an agreement. Trump isn’t getting a major health-care or tax-reform bill anytime soon. After 100 days in the White House, he might just have to settle for keeping the government open.



ARTICLE
The Trump administration announced on Friday that it would end the last administration’s practice of making White House visitor logs public, returning to the standard of every president prior to Barack Obama. It wasn’t a particularly surprising move. The president has been remarkably consistent in deviating from good-government norms, including his refusal to disclose his tax returns, his disregard for potential conflicts of interest surrounding his company, and his filling federal agencies with industry lobbyists despite a promise to “drain the swamp.”
Though this latest change seems to fit a larger pattern of governing, the Trump administration has defended itself by citing those decades of precedent. “And frankly,” Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters on Monday, “the faux attempt that the Obama administration put out, where they would scrub who they didn’t want put out, didn’t serve anyone well.”
Trump opponents and transparency advocates have nevertheless targeted the logs as an object of outrage. But should they be outraged? While the public should demand some degree of transparency from their government, the White House logs don’t necessarily provide all the information the public would want to know.
When it comes to political-transparency policies, there are always costs and benefits. These measures can give citizens valuable information and deter bad behavior, while also making it harder for officials to deliberate and make deals. They can additionally overwhelm the public with too much information and too little context—leading people to pay attention to relatively unimportant details while missing the bigger picture.
With that in mind, the first step to assessing the value of the logs’ public disclosure is figuring out whether they provide valuable information.
Under the Obama administration, Americans learned about White House meetings with Cabinet members, company executives, lobbyists, and some celebrities. This was hardly revelatory information, fun as it might be to speculate about what Obama and former Daily Show host Jon Stewart discussed. Surely the public would glean similar information about Trump and his team from their visitor lists, if revealed. But the new president is different in one important respect: Unlike most politicians, who have well-worked-out views and ideological commitments honed by years in public life, Trump pinballs through public policy—regularly learning that things are more “complicated” and “not so easy” as he previously thought, and seemingly making decisions based on who he last spoke with. Perhaps more so with Trump than with his predecessors, it appears to really matter who is at the table and who is not, even for ordinary meetings.
In this way, visitor logs could be quite important to showing how Trump’s policies and priorities are being shaped. But it’s less clear whether they would be.
The Obama administration frequently frustrated journalists and government watchdogs by not disclosing some of its most sensitive meetings, or by holding them outside of the White House where the logs would not be made public. Trump officials may have done the same if they hadn’t reversed the Obama-era policy. Because disclosure is so easily avoided, publicly available visitor logs don’t give the full picture of who’s influencing the president. Nor do they seem likely to fulfill another basic goal of government transparency: deterring bad behavior. If a president wants to subject himself to what some observers would consider nefarious influence, there are plenty of ways to do that—public logs or none.  
Beyond this shortfall, the Trump administration offered a reason why disclosure isn’t optimal for the White House: The logs’ release would raise “grave national-security risks and privacy concerns.” But is that true—and would it prevent officials from deliberating or getting candid advice?
The short answer, on both counts, would seem to be “no.” Speaking broadly, Americans probably do demand too much public transparency from political leaders, and don’t give them enough space to privately negotiate or seek counsel. But visitor logs are records of which people attend meetings, not what happens at the meetings themselves, so there’s still room for officials to work. There’s no evidence that public logs made it particularly difficult for the Obama administration to get feedback, work out deals, or conduct foreign policy—in part because officials made ample use of privacy and national-security exceptions. The Trump administration could have followed suit, and avoided the very risks officials have cited.
What about the too-much-information, too-little-context problem? It’s virtually impossible to annotate massive spreadsheets of records with full context, and in that vacuum, amateur sleuths can put together their own conspiracy theories about what the president and his staff are up to. The Obama visitor logs produced 5.99 million records and gave rise to plenty of conspiratorial stories—including one about Obama meeting with ACORN, a community-organizing group that activists on the right alleged was little more than a voter-fraud operation. Sometimes, as in the ACORN case, there were false positives—random visitors who happened to have the same names as political figures or celebrities. But that’s what happens when you release information—people draw their own conclusions to support their preexisting beliefs, including their biases against a president.
Politically, the logs may have at times created headaches for Obama’s administration, and may have done the same for Trump. But people spun conspiracy theories about previous presidents without the help of visitor logs.
It’s not clear how much American voters on the whole will care about the Trump policy switch. As president, Obama tried to openly emphasize transparency; he made a bet that voters cared about the issue. Even if he didn’t satisfy all the demands of the good-government community, he won public praise with policies like the Open Government Directive and participation in the global Open Government Partnership.
By contrast, Trump has made a bet that voters ultimately don’t care about transparency and openness in government. Yes, they might say they care in polls and, yes, a majority of voters might have said Trump should release his tax returns. But if voters really cared so much, then why was he elected president? The Trump administration seems to have made the calculation that voters won’t put much weight on the visitor-log policy either. Withholding them could contribute to the larger narrative that the president has something to hide—which has been fueled by the tax-return controversy and his refusal to fully extricate himself from his business. But a lot depends on whether other issues seem more important to voters come the next election. After all, every president before Obama kept the visitor logs closed, and democracy still functioned.
In the meantime, the public can rely on one idiosyncrasy of the Trump administration to learn more about its day-to-day operations: frequent White House leaks. While the Trump administration is far less officially transparent than Obama’s was, there has been thus far considerably more leaking of meeting details, staff infighting, and policy discussions. These revelations are arguably giving the public a much bigger glimpse into the workings of an administration than they’ve had before, and are spurring investigations from the press that have led to shakeups in the president’s staff. The antibodies of democracy are looking strong. And it seems they’ll have plenty to target regardless of how transparent the administration’s policies are.



ARTICLE
The Supreme Court’s 2016-17 docket has been, by recent standards, relatively sleepy. But one of its cases—an Alabama death-penalty appeal called McWilliams v. Dunn—woke up on Monday.
That’s because the issue—whether a capital defendant whose sanity or competence is at issue is entitled to an independent psychiatrist to assist with the defense—is also at stake in the cases of two Arkansas inmates, Don William Davis and Bruce Earl Ward, sentenced to death by courts in that state. The two had been scheduled to be executed Monday evening. The double executions were to be the opening act of a rapid-fire set of executions planned by Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson, who issued orders to kill eight prisoners in two weeks.
On Monday, the Arkansas Supreme Court court ordered the executions stayed pending the resolution of McWilliams. The state did not appeal the stay of Ward’s execution, but asked the U.S. Supreme Court to lift the stay in Davis’s case. The high court refused to do so, sparing Davis minutes before the drugs were to be administered. Because the execution drugs Arkansas has obtained are scheduled to expire by the end of April, the stays mean that in practical terms the executions are probably off indefinitely.
Davis and Ward are the second and third of the eight condemned prisoners to receive stays. As of Tuesday, state officials were still insisting that the remaining 5 would be put to death as scheduled; but with multiple requests for stays pending—and world condemnation of the bizarre execution plan mounting—it’s anybody’s guess whether any of the remaining death warrants will be carried out.
Under long-established constitutional precedent, an indigent capital defendant is entitled—in appropriate cases—to a court-appointed psychiatrist to provide a psychiatric evaluation. That rule was laid down by a 1985 case called Ake v. Oklahoma, in which the Supreme Court held that when a defendant’s sanity at the time of a crime is at issue, “the State must, at a minimum, assure the defendant access to a competent psychiatrist who will conduct an appropriate examination and assist in evaluation, preparation, and presentation of the defense.” The precise issue in McWilliams is whether, when an indigent defendant asserts a defense of insanity or claims to be incompetent to stand trial, the state must provide an independent psychiatrist who will work with the defense team, under the shield of by lawyer-client privilege, to assess that claim.
Instead,  in McWilliams, the state of Alabama provided the defense only with test results, mental-health records, and a raw report by a court-appointed psychiatrist that was sent to both sides and the judge. That meant that the defendant had no expert who could advise defense counsel on what the reports meant, how to use them to put on testimony designed to mitigate the defendant’s culpability, or how to rebut prosecution evidence and witnesses offered to prove that the defendant was sane and eligible for execution.
Only two amicus briefs were filed in McWilliams, a contrast with the nine filed in Moore v. Texas, another death case decided earlier this term. The reason is, probably, that most jurisdictions provide independent experts as a matter of course. According to an amicus brief filed by the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers, Alabama and Arkansas seem to be outliers in this regard.
The McWilliams case arose in 1984, when James E. McWilliams robbed an Alabama convenience store, raped a clerk named Patricia Reynolds, and then fatally shot her with a handgun. McWilliams had a history of disturbed behavior; one mental-health counselor had recommended hospitalization, and had warned other professionals never to meet with McWilliams after dark. After his arrest, McWilliams was first examined by a three-physician “Lunacy Commission” assembled by the court. The “Commission” concluded that he was not insane and indeed was actively faking mental illness. After McWilliams was convicted, the trial judge appointed a psychiatrist to examine McWilliams as part of the death-sentence process. The psychiatrist did not deliver his report, including his test results, until two days before the hearing; mental health records kept by the prison where McWilliams had been held were not delivered until the very day he was to be sentenced.
The trial judge refused to delay sentencing to permit the defense to evaluate this flood of material. Instead, he suggested McWilliams’s lawyer look over them during the lunch break. At the afternoon hearing, the defense lawyer protested to the judge that “we really need an opportunity to have the right type of experts in this field, take a look at all of those records and tell us what is happening with him.” The judge denied the motion, then sentenced McWilliams to death.
Because McWilliams is a federal habeas corpus review of a state conviction, the issue is not simply whether the Constitution requires states to furnish an independent expert, but whether that requirement was “clearly established,” making the Alabama courts’ decision unreasonable. In this connection, the practice of other states is relevant—and according to the NACDL, most states have taken for granted that Ake requires appointment of an expert who will not simply dump a report into the record, but will work with the defense—under the protection of the privilege—to shape testimony and evidence that may save the defendant’s life.
In the Ake opinion, Justice Thurgood Marshall wrote that an indigent defendant is entitled to an expert “to conduct a professional examination on issues relevant to the insanity defense, to help determine whether that defense is viable, to present testimony, and to assist in preparing the cross-examination of the State’s psychiatric witnesses”—none of which can be done by an expert who is allowed to report his discussions with defense lawyers to the prosecutors.
Alabama argues that Ake “did not clearly establish the right to a partisan psychiatrist”—that is, one who works actively with the defense—except where the prosecution has already brought in a psychiatrist as part of its case. In cases like McWilliams’s, the state argues, “a neutral psychiatrist who reports to all parties can satisfy due process.” There’s something to this argument; but on the other hand, a defendant who asserts insanity or incompetence bears the burden of proving that the claim is true. Thus, allowing the prosecution to determine whether psychiatric testimony is needed seems backward.
Arkansas defendant Don Davis asked at trial for an expert to help prepare testimony on “mitigating factors” —that is, reasons why the jury should not sentence him to death.  The Arkansas court rejected that argument by citing a state case interpreting Ake: “the Supreme Court did not hold in Ake that a defendant has the constitutional right to choose a psychiatrist of his personal liking or to shop around to find one who will support his insanity defense.”
Bruce Ward, by contrast, argues that he was incompetent to stand trial, and that his lawyer was ineffective because he did not request an independent expert to determine that. The Arkansas Supreme Court relied on another earlier state case interpreting Ake: “the State is not required to pay for a defendant to shop from doctor to doctor until he finds one who will declare him incompetent to proceed with his trial. In the present case, appellant was examined at the state hospital, and, thus, the requirements under Ake were satisfied.”
When the Supreme Court said in Ake that there is a right to an expert who will “assist in evaluation, preparation, and presentation of the defense,” did it mean in each case an independent expert? That court did caution that its decision did not mean that “the indigent defendant has a constitutional right to choose a psychiatrist of his personal liking or to receive funds to hire his own”; instead, the defense simply must “have access to a competent psychiatrist for the purpose we have discussed.” When the Eleventh Circuit considered McWilliams’s case, it concluded that there is a split among the Circuits on the issue of whether an “independent” expert can, in some cases, satisfy due process—and, thus, that the Alabama trial court’s failure to supply the defense with its own consultant was not “clearly established.”
The two Arkansas inmates are now linked with McWilliams. The “sleeper case” will be keeping a lot of people awake between now and June.



ARTICLE
Updated on April 19, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
In a blow to liberals hoping that grassroots anger at President Trump will help Democrats win back Congress, Jon Ossoff, a Democratic candidate in a Georgia special election that has drawn national attention, fell just short on Tuesday of winning outright in the race to replace former Republican Representative Tom Price.
The race isn’t over yet: It will now advance to a June runoff between Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel. Though Ossoff put in a strong showing in a conservative district, winning 48 percent of the vote, his chances of defeating Handel, who won 20 percent of the vote, in a runoff are lower with the GOP field less divided. The seat was vacated by Price, who won reelection by more than 20 points in 2016, after he left to become President Trump’s secretary of health and human services.
Addressing supporters before the race was officially on Wednesday, Ossoff said that his campaign had “shattered expectations.” In a statement after the final vote count was in, the Democrat said he was “ready to fight on and win in June.” Earlier in the night, Handel urged Republican to rally around her so that Ossoff would not be able to “steal a seat” in the district.
Whatever happens won’t meaningfully change the balance of power in the Republican-controlled House of Representatives. But Democrats may need to win districts like Georgia’s sixth congressional—an affluent, well-educated, suburban area that Trump only narrowly won—for the party to take control of Congress in the 2018 midterm elections. As a result, a Democratic defeat in June would come as a relief to Republicans, and prove demoralizing to Democrats, though political experts caution that the results of a single special election should not be viewed as a bellwether.
The election has drawn a flurry of national attention with media outlets billing the matchup as the first major test of whether liberal backlash to Trump will translate into votes in parts of the country that aren’t safely Democratic. The Ossoff campaign raised a record $8.3 million as Democrats nationwide poured money into the race, while GOP outside groups have spent millions of their own in an effort to hang on to the seat.
Even Trump has kept tabs on the race, taking to Twitter to say that Ossoff would be “a disaster in Congress.” Early Wednesday morning, the president predicted a runoff would deliver a victory for Republicans. “Glad to be of help!,” he tweeted.
While Ossoff did not lock up the race on Tuesday, he nevertheless performed quite well in a district that has been held by Republicans since the 1970s. At 48 percent, his share of the vote exceeded what Hillary Clinton won in the district when she  received 46.8 percent of the vote in November.
Taken with the results of other recent special elections, that outcome indicates that Democrats are energized across the country, and motivated to get out and vote, even in conservative states and districts.
Individual special elections, like the one in Georgia, don’t have a consistent track record of predicting the outcome of midterm elections on their own, but patterns can emerge across multiple races that provide insight into the current political climate.
Earlier this month, Democrats lost a special election in Kansas, which has an unpopular Republican governor, but their candidate significantly outperformed Clinton’s margin in the district in November. Democratic candidates have also performed better than Clinton in several special elections for state legislative seats since the presidential election.
“If this trend continues throughout 2017 as the data accumulate, this could be suggestive of broader GOP problems and intensified Democratic enthusiasm,” Kyle Kondik, an election analyst at the University of Virginia’s Center for Politics, wrote in an assessment of the Georgia special election ahead of Tuesday’s results.
For now, however, it’s too early to know how widespread, or strong, Democratic enthusiasm may be, and how that might impact the 2018 midterms.
Brandon Finnigan, the director of the non-partisan Decision Desk HQ, told me last week, “If Ossoff wins, people will say the GOP is doomed. If he loses, people will say the Democrats are terribly disorganized, and they can’t win in 2018. Neither of those things are true.”
In some ways, Ossoff is an unlikely contender to emerge as a face of the self-described Democratic “resistance” to Trump. The 30-year old candidate came across in interviews as polished, but guarded, and wary of saying anything that would alienate moderate independent or Republican voters in the district.
Some of his campaign promises have a distinctly conservative flavor: Ossoff’s website promises that he “will work in Congress to reduce the tax burden on small businesses.” In one of his ads, he says that “both parties in Washington waste too much of your money” and promises to work with anyone “who respects your tax dollars.” That element of his campaign may now come in for criticism from progressive Democrats who feel frustrated by the preliminary election result.
Even so, Ossoff has run ads that made it sound like he was trying to frame the race a referendum on Trump. “The last election was a wake up call,” one ad proclaims. In another, Ossoff warns that Trump “could start an unnecessary war,” and is “embarrassing us on the world stage.” In the run-up to voting on Tuesday,  however, Ossoff attempted to avoid a focus on Trump, telling reporters instead that the race was “about local issues,” above all else.
Republicans have tried to make the race a referendum on Washington too. GOP outside groups attempted to tie Ossoff to House Minority Leader “Nancy Pelosi’s liberal agenda,” in one commercial, while other attack ads painted him as an untrustworthy candidate who has exaggerated his credentials and connection to the district. The Republican National Committee pointed out that that he has received a vast amount of money from out-of-state donors, and doesn’t live in the sixth district.
The way Republican candidates have positioned themselves in the race suggests that conservatives in the district aren’t quite sure either how to talk about Trump either. Handel, a Republican who previously served as Georgia’s Secretary of State, has expressed support for the administration. But according to the Associated Press, she is “among the Republican candidates trying to maintain some distance from Trump, rarely discussing him unless asked.” Other GOP candidates went out of their way to embrace Trump, like Republican Bob Gray, a former councilman and business executive, who promised, like Trump, to "drain the swamp" if sent to Washington.
Victory isn’t necessarily out of reach for Democrats in the June runoff.  A lot can change in two months, and FiveThirtyEight has suggested that Ossoff may have roughly a 50-50 chance of winning the second round of the race based on polling data, despite the traditional Republican lean of the district.
In looking for a race to focus on, though, it is possible that Democrats misjudged the degree to which the Georgia district is a potential pickup opportunity for the party. Price won reelection in November by a double-digit margin. And although residents of the district did not embrace Trump to the extent they rallied around Romney in 2012, some polling suggests that a slim majority of residents nevertheless approve of the president.
Whatever happens, Democrats will undoubtedly continue to frame future races as a referendum on Trump. The president’s party typically loses seats in Congress during midterm elections, and Trump’s approval rating remains below 50 percent, according to Gallup.
It’s not clear, however, that Georgia’s sixth congressional district is the ideal place for that message to resonate, or if Ossoff is the best messenger, especially given the fine line his campaign has tried to walk between criticizing Trump and trying to avoid the subject. The answer to those questions may become clearer when the final votes are tallied.



ARTICLE
President Trump signed the so-called “Buy American, Hire American” executive order. Voting began for the contentious special election in Georgia’s sixth congressional district. The U.S. Supreme Court declined to vacate a stay of execution by the Arkansas Supreme Court, preventing the state from carrying out its first death sentence in 12 years. Vice President Mike Pence met with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. Authorities said Steve Stephens, the man suspected of fatally shooting a 74-year-old man and posting a video of the slaying on Facebook, killed himself after a police chase in Pennsylvania.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Taxes Come Full Circle: During his presidential campaign, Donald Trump pledged to overhaul the tax code. That promise could now be in jeopardy as a growing number of lawmakers resist efforts to rewrite the tax code until the president releases his tax returns. (Alan Rappeport, The New York Times) 
Battling the Incumbents: Republican Representatives Steve King of Iowa and Jason Chaffetz of Utah “cast themselves as two of the biggest villains in Congress.” Meet the two women who seized that opportunity to become unlikely Democratic challengers in the 2018 congressional races. (Marisa Kabas, GQ) 
Minimizing Conflict: President Trump vowed to “cancel” the Paris Agreement, but several senior advisers will likely encourage him to stay in. As Peter Aldhous notes: “Leaving would achieve little other than antagonizing other countries.” (BuzzFeed)
Did California Give Us Trumpism?: Since Trump’s election, California has taken the lead of the “resistance” to promote diversity and globalism. But some of Trump’s hard-line advisers are Californians who propelled nativist ideology in response to their progressive environment. (Scott Lucas, Politico)
Nothing to See Here: Pundits have cast the special election in Georgia as a possible referendum on President Trump. Tamer Abouras explains why the region may not serve as an accurate reflection of national trends. (Washington Examiner)
What Do You Know About Taxes?: A poll conducted by Ipsos for NPR reveals Americans’ misperceptions of the U.S. tax code. View the data here. (Danielle Kurtzleben)
Since the 1930s, a president’s first 100 days in office have been used to measure the new administration’s progress and potential success. By his 100th day, former President Franklin D. Roosevelt had signed 76 bills into law and pushed for new federal jobs programs. President Trump will reach his 100-day mark on April 29. What is your assessment of Trump’s early days in office?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
It’s becoming increasingly clear that Medicaid is the center of the health policy universe.
Medicaid is the largest single insurer in the United States, covering north of 70 million people with low incomes and disabilities, and is responsible for most of the 20 million additional people covered by Affordable Care Act. The ACA expansion established Medicaid as the bedrock of public insurance and public assistance in America. Now, there’s evidence that it not only expanded health insurance coverage, but the electorate itself.
While disgruntlement among people with subsidized private plans on the exchanges over premiums and cost-sharing has provided much of the political ammunition for attempts to repeal Obamacare, Medicaid’s popularity and its guarantee of coverage formed much of the backbone of the opposition to Republican plans to repeal the law. But even before then, Medicaid played a role in the 2016 election, and may have helped reshape the electorate as we know it, increasing turnout among members of both parties.
That finding comes from new research by Jake Haselswerdt at the University of Missouri, which suggests that the ACA’s Medicaid expansion in 2014 increased political participation. The study, which will be published in the Journal of Health Politics, Policy and Law this month, “find[s] that the increases in Medicaid enrollment associated with the expansion are related to considerably higher voter turnout.” More specifically, the research indicates that for every increase in Medicaid enrollment in a district in 2014, there was a corresponding decrease in the “midterm dropoff” in turnout from 2012 to 2014.
The most immediate conclusion is that President Obama and the states that chose to expand Medicaid—perhaps inadvertently—found a way to solve the doldrums of mid-term elections that have bedeviled politicians forever. The problem has been most significant for Democrats, who often face significant turnout dropoffs in midterms and as a result have hemorrhaged legislative seats at every level across the country. Unfortunately for them, although turnout increased in 2014, the data suggest no party gained a clear advantage from it.
Democratic leaders probably never intended a turnout bump, but they did embrace the Medicaid expansion much more broadly and earlier than Republican governors and state legislatures—indeed, all of the states that haven’t yet expanded are run by Republicans—and they implemented reforms and rollouts that were much more likely to increase coverage. Haselswerdt’s paper emphasizes this last point: the reduction in midterm dropoff in a district was not related directly to the state’s decision to expand per se, but to its gusto and effectiveness at getting new people signed up.
It might be surprising then that Haselswerdt did not find that the turnout effects of expanding Medicaid were a boon for liberal candidates. In fact, “there’s no evidence that this effect had any benefit for Democrats at all,” he told me. While he found that the liberal-minded reforms from mostly Democratic officials did increase turnout, the partisan share of the vote did not increase for Democrats, and 2014 was a bloodbath for the party. That means that the Medicaid expansion increased Republican turnout at least as much as it did Democratic turnout.
The paper offers up a compelling theory for this effect. Haselswerdt conjectures that the most obvious partisan effect of the Medicaid expansion was not the mobilization of people to protect their newly-gained coverage, but of Republican-leaning voters who were opposed to it. And the opposing increase in turnout came from Medicaid’s “resource effects,” or its downstream effects on things like time, money, transportation opportunities for voter registration, and ability to participate in civics among a low-income population that skewed towards Democrats.
“I am skeptical of the idea that there was self-political mobilization among recipients,” Haselswerdt says. Rather, he believes the data shows that the increase in turnout among new Medicaid beneficiaries was more indirect.
There are a couple pieces of research that complicate these findings. For one, Haselswerdt cites research noting the long depressive effect that Medicaid has seemed to have had on turnout among beneficiaries. While it’s well known that poor people generally have low turnout, especially in midterm elections, research from Teresa Toguchi Swartz and colleagues at the University of Minnesota found that means-tested, “stigmatizing” forms of social assistance like welfare are associated with depressed civic participation, while non-means-tested “non-stigmatizing” forms of assistance are not. While that research does not include Medicaid in the realm of “stigmatizing” aid, Cornell University’s Jamila Michener found that Medicaid was also associated with decreases in participation through the same mechanism of social stigmatization.
The study from Haselswerdt could be a short-term blip or an outlier against this field of study that shows that expanded Medicaid should decrease turnout, and Haselswerdt told me that he needed more data from more elections to be sure. But it also could indicate that Obamacare’s reforms fundamentally altered the stigma around Medicaid, either by its expansion to a much larger, whiter, and able swathe of mainstream America, or through its injection of the program into the heart of political discourse.
Focus groups conducted with Trump voters by the Kaiser Family Foundation indicate that it might be the former. As my colleague Olga Khazan writes about the research, “many beneficiaries of the Affordable Care Act’s Medicaid expansion didn’t realize their free health insurance was the result of Obamacare.”
Since some state Medicaid expansion programs are branded as unique state products, and many plans are administered by private managed care companies, many new enrollees don’t even know they are on Medicaid. Thus many of the new Medicaid enrollees, though enabled and empowered to vote by the “resource effects” Haselswerdt cites, were not stigmatized by their new receipt of public assistance and participated in politics accordingly.
A final irony is that many of those newly empowered and aided Trump voters did not associate their own coverage with the coverage they voted to repeal and replace. While Haselswerdt doesn’t have data on the 2016 election, it’s possible that the pathways he mentions enabled low-income Republican voters to potentially vote away their own health care.
It’s important not to read into that point as necessarily self-sabotage, because as Khazan notes, health care might not have been a primary election concern for Trump voters, and some may have expected replacement plans to iron out any disruptions in coverage they predicted. And the data for two election cycles, with one coming just months after the Medicaid expansion, cannot be extrapolated far enough to know for sure. But at the least it is very possible that the Medicaid expansion not only motivated, but enabled both defenders and supporters of the law to go to the polls in 2014 and 2016.
If that dynamic holds—and Haselswerdt is interested in pursuing research to discover if it does—future health policy decisions by both parties will have to reckon with the voices of newly-mobilized low-income people.
It’s been more than half a century since Medicaid was passed, and back then it was seen as a bit of a backup player to the massive guarantee of Medicare to elderly people. But the program has come into its own, and in a post-Obamacare world seems to command almost the same kind of party-dogma-bending influence that the more venerable program does. If its current form affects turnout the way Haselswerdt’s research claims, Medicaid might be an unexpectedly empowering agent for people who’ve long struggled to be involved in American politics.



ARTICLE
A
s Grover Norquist dug into his egg-white frittata, he could barely contain his glee.
“If you try and explain American politics by looking at one election, even a presidential election, you miss the forest for the tree,” the founder of Americans for Tax Reform and longtime liberal bogeyman told me over an early-morning breakfast, spearing halves of grape tomato with his fork. “It’s the most interesting tree in the forest—it’s got orange hair!—but it’s still just one tree.”
The Trump administration has many traditional conservatives in despair, convinced the president is trampling the Constitution and turning the Republican Party into something they don’t recognize. Not Norquist. He was the picture of a man who believes his time has come.
The ginger-haired 60-year-old’s eyes sparkled behind his wire-rimmed glasses as he described the rosy future he foresaw under Trump. It isn’t just that tax reform, Norquist’s signature issue, has risen to the top of the agenda for both the president and Congress. The 2016 election, as Norquist saw it, was not a mandate for Trump at all—it was a mandate for old-school Republicans, virtually all of whom got more votes than Trump in their states. (There’s an exotic corollary to this theory involving a new voting bloc of vaping enthusiasts—more about that later.) According to Norquist, whatever might be distracting Trump at any given moment, nothing less than a revolution of conservative governance was happening under his nose.
“Trump’s regulatory regime is Reaganite,” Norquist told me. “His tax cut is Reaganite. He’s more aggressive than Reagan on labor issues.” All that other stuff—the crazy tweets, the chaotic White House, the Russia investigation, the travel ban—is just noise. What Trump was really elected to do, Norquist maintained, were the things Republicans had been coveting for years. And Trump is already doing just those things.
Norquist is certainly not alone among Republicans rooting for Trump. Yet I was shocked to find him, of all people, so sanguine. Norquist has a Muslim wife, has spent years battling his party’s anti-Muslim fringe, and is a strong proponent of comprehensive immigration reform. (His neatly trimmed beard has even been cited as proof that he is a secret Muslim.) Trump has welcomed into the White House Islamophobic conspiracy theorists and proponents of immigration restriction. His campaign was powered by a populist-nationalist vision that had more to do with shutting out Mexicans than hemming in the regulatory state.
So what, Norquist as much as told me. What mattered was that he believes he is closer than he has ever been, after decades of struggle, to getting his famous wish—a government small enough to drown in a bathtub. And he may be right.
Norquist had just been at the White House, he noted, with a group of conservative activists the administration had brought in to consult.
“We’re working with the administration on the major economic stuff, so I feel very comfortable with the way they’re going,” he said. “Some conservatives who aren’t helping to row the boat don’t feel as comfortable,” because they don’t get the same assurances from the inside.
This was a veiled shot at the White House’s unhelpful conservative critics, but also a statement of Norquist’s strategy. By refraining from criticizing Trump, Norquist was positioning himself to continue to be in the rooms where policy is being made—unlike his unhelpful NeverTrump friends, who have reportedly been blacklisted.
He might be the cleverest man in the conservative movement. Or he might have sold his soul.
N
orquist has never minded being liberals’ antichrist; being irrelevant is another thing entirely. Yet this was where he found himself for most of last year’s presidential campaign. While the political world was consumed with Trump, he rarely commented on the race, preferring to tweet about his daughters, state-level politics, vaping, or Burning Man, the annual countercultural festival in the Nevada desert he has attended for the past three years.
Before 2016, Norquist had long had a starring role in national politics as a villain to liberals, who blamed his group’s tax pledge for Republicans’ refusal to compromise. Many a GOP incumbent, stretching back to the first President Bush, has lost reelection after breaking the promise never to raise taxes. Many more, Democrats contend, refuse to consider initiatives that are in the public interest because they fear Norquist’s disapproval. Arianna Huffington has called Norquist “the dark wizard of the anti-tax cult”; Harry Reid, the former Senate majority leader, said Republicans in Congress were being “led like puppets” by him.
The pledge not to raise taxes, Norquist contends, is a promise Republicans make to their voters, not to him. Republicans who won’t sign the pledge, Norquist likes to say, are like “rat heads in Coke bottles”: They ruin the brand’s reputation. As for the idea that he’s Republicans’ leader, he has joked, “I reject all conspiracy theories that have me sharing world domination with the Koch brothers. Sharing? Never.”
In 2016, however, Norquist was relegated to the sidelines, and early.  His preferred presidential candidate, Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker, dropped out in September 2015. Norquist continued to pine for him nonetheless.
“Tonight I dine w/ 2016 GOP nominee, Gov. Scott Walker,” he tweeted. “He beat the union bosses, cut taxes, elected 3 times. Who would not nominate that.” This tweet was issued seven months after Walker left the race, shortly before Trump became the presumptive nominee.
Meanwhile, Norquist was fighting a personal, highly charged battle with his party’s Islamophobic fringe—a fight that continues to echo in the GOP’s post-election conflicts. Frank Gaffney, the head of an anti-Islam think tank, has spent nearly two decades attacking and harassing Norquist, claiming that Americans for Tax Reform is an Islamist front group tied to the Muslim Brotherhood. He also contends that Norquist is gay. There is no apparent truth to Gaffney’s claims, but they have circulated widely on the right, championed by the likes of Breitbart and Glenn Beck.
In the past, Norquist has mostly won this intra-movement battle: He kicked Gaffney out of his influential Wednesday meetings of conservative activists, and had Gaffney barred from the Conservative Political Action Conference. In early 2016, Gaffney tried to get Norquist removed from the board of the National Rifle Association. Norquist’s allies waged an intense campaign on his behalf, and in May, he narrowly avoided removal from the board on a 53-47 percent vote of more than 130,000 NRA members.
This was the reason I was so shocked to find Norquist cheering on Trump. Beyond the exhausting and annoying personal ordeal, his feud with Gaffney seemed to represent the ongoing battle for the soul of the Republican Party, with Norquist’s abstract, libertarian, economically focused agenda on one side and Gaffney’s paranoid, racially tinged vision on the other.
There is no denying that Trump’s rise has empowered Gaffney and his allies. Gaffney’s views have been embraced by officials now serving in the White House, such as presidential adviser Sebastian Gorka. Gaffney himself was an informal adviser to the Trump transition team. A man who represents everything Norquist doesn’t think the GOP should or does stand for—tribalism, xenophobia, identity politics—now has the ear of the Republican president.
To many, including some of his own strategists, Trump won both the primary and general elections by ignoring conservative dogma and instead tapping into people’s resentment of minorities and foreigners. Many analysts, myself included, saw Trump's success as evidence that perhaps the true mainstream of the GOP was always more Gaffney than Norquist, more Breitbart than National Review. Influential Trump advisers like Stephen Bannon and Stephen Miller have declared that they want to reshape America’s political debate into one about American culture and nationalism, not the size of government.
Norquist dismissed my theory that the Gaffney-ites have gained the upper hand in Trump’s GOP. “The guys who make that case are a fringe,” he said. “I don’t think Trump will respond to that.” The travel ban, he claimed, was “temporary and limited.” Hostility to immigrants, Muslims, and foreign trade he chalked up to “a level of grumpiness in the electorate” that would subside once economic conditions improved—which they would, thanks to Trump’s Reaganite regulatory and tax initiatives.
“You get tax cuts and growth, and a lot of the challenges that people have on both immigration and trade become much less of a challenge, in terms of voters’ levels of grumpiness,” he said.
Norquist professes to have zero interest in any kind of racial politics. When, at one point, I made a joke about his “Scandinavian heritage,” based on his name, he responded flatly, “I am completely detribalized.” (Norquist’s grandparents came to the U.S. from Sweden.) Americans for Tax Reform advocated strongly on behalf of the 2013 “Gang of Eight” immigration-reform bill that passed the Senate but stalled in the House of Representatives.
Norquist had polished off his frittata and was chewing on a toasted English muffin, pondering whether vitamin enthusiasts might be the next frontier in anti-FDA activism. He simply refused to accept that the libertarian goals he sought might come, under Trump, at the price of anti-immigrant, anti-Muslim policies. It was impossible to tell whether his insistence on seeing only the parts of Trumpism he agreed with was willfully disingenuous or an act of extreme denial.
O
r maybe Norquist is right. He makes a strong case that Trump is a mere anomaly—the orange-haired tree—while what’s actually having an effect is a Republican Party that, Trump aside, is more right-wing, and more powerful, than ever.
Americans for Tax Reform’s agenda of limiting the federal government is well under way as virtually every Cabinet agency rolls back regulations—one of the few actual accomplishments of the bumbling new administration. The EPA is being gutted, the Federal Communications Commission is in the hands of a hard-core telecom libertarian, financial rules are being loosened. To be sure, Congress’s disastrous attempt to repeal Obamacare was a setback. But in the wake of that fiasco, Trump declared that he would move on to focus on tax reform.
Just imagine what it must be like to spend 30 years as the founder and president of an organization called Americans for Tax Reform and to finally have a president and Congress committed to tax reform as a top priority. It is the Washington policy-dork equivalent of winning the lottery—and changing the American fiscal landscape in the bargain.  
It’s not just what’s happening in Washington that gladdens Norquist. Republicans also have unprecedented power at the state level. Americans for Tax Reform produces a map after every election showing which party controls each state, and Norquist handed me the latest version. It was redder than a blood-soaked towel. Twenty-five states are now totally in Republican hands, with a GOP governor and Republican majorities in both houses of the legislature. Democrats can claim similar ownership of just six states.
Republican candidates down the ballot, Norquist argues, stood for the party’s traditional platform of supply-side economics, not Trumpist populism—and most of them did better than Trump. “Half the country lives in a completely red state, OK?” Norquist said. “This is a wave that Trump caught—it’s not a tsunami he created.”
If Republicans listen to Norquist—and they generally do, or face the consequences—all those red states will push his agenda forward: lowering taxes, eliminating regulations, expanding gun rights. The withering of the labor movement will further kneecap Democrats, keeping them out of power for a generation. Wisconsin and Michigan have both seen union membership plummet after the enactment of “right-to-work” laws that made joining a union optional for government workers. Other Republican states are considering similar moves, and a Supreme Court case is pending that could impose right-to-work nationally, crippling unions for good.
“Seven million public-sector employees who pay between 4 and 8 billion dollars a year in dues—a third of them will quit,” Norquist said. “Now try funding the modern Democratic Party without union dues—good luck.”
Oh, and one other thing: The government will get its sticky hands off everyone’s electronic cigarettes.
N
orquist does not smoke, e-cigarettes or the regular kind. But he views vaping regulation as a new libertarian cause and vapers as a new potential constituency. In fact, Norquist’s theory about why Republicans won in 2016 is not Hillary’s emails or Russia or James Comey or the forgotten white working class. He believes it was crossover votes from vapers.
Aside from his take on Trump, this was the topic I wanted to discuss at my breakfast with Norquist. Throughout the 2016 presidential campaign, I noticed, Norquist’s very active Twitter account, which has more than 65,000 followers, popped up regularly in my feed with out-of-the-blue statements like, “VAPING is a political movement.” In March 2016, as Trump and Ted Cruz were locked in the final stretch of their battle for the Republican nomination, Norquist tweeted: “Vape...then Vote....Vape...then Vote....Then Vape again.”
There are 10 million e-cigarette users in America, and they are passionately anti-vaping-regulation, even if they’re liberal on everything else. Norquist is working to move them into the Republican tent.
Norquist’s square-jawed press aide, John Kartch, who was seated next to him at our booth in a downtown D.C. hotel restaurant, reminded him about a vape-shop owner they’d met during the campaign. “He told us he was a lifelong Democrat, very left-wing—he personally hated you forever.”
“He didn’t say hated,” Norquist said, sounding slightly wounded.
But the man’s political orientation completely changed when he opened a vaping business and encountered a bunch of burdensome regulations, Kartch said. “He came to D.C. and presented Grover with a T-shirt.”
“Which I wore at Burning Man!” Norquist recalled. “I have the picture!”
“So, we picked up a lot of people who were probably center-left, if they voted at all,” Kartch said, this being the moral of the story.
“They have more tattoos than I do,” Norquist said archly. How high a bar is that?
“I have no tattoos,” Norquist admitted.
I asked Norquist how he could be so sure that vaping ought not be regulated, given that experts disagree on its potential health effects and much research remains to be done. “It’s none of the government’s goddamned business if it makes your nose fall off!” he said. He later clarified that rather than banning dangerous substances, the government should warn people and let them make their own decisions, as it does with alcohol and tobacco.
The vapers, Norquist contends, were pivotal in at least two swing states in 2016—one that Trump won, and one that he lost.
An Obama-era Food and Drug Administration regulation, if it isn’t repealed, would retroactively ban the vast majority of e-cigarettes. Kelly Ayotte, New Hampshire’s Republican senator, refused to take a position on it. Although she led in most polls, Ayotte lost her bid for reelection in November by a minuscule margin—one-tenth of a point—and Trump lost the state.
Senator Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, on the other hand, supports legislation to keep vaping legal. Johnson, who was behind in the polls, pulled off one of the election’s biggest upsets, winning reelection by 3.4 points. He arguably dragged Trump to victory in the state on his coattails: Trump won Wisconsin by just seven-tenths of a point.
Norquist believes the senators’ fates and their stances on vaping were not a coincidence. During the campaign, ATR sponsored a cross-country pro-vaping bus tour, and hammered the issue particularly hard in Wisconsin. “There’s a guy we worked with who went to every vaping shop in Wisconsin, reminding them that Senator Johnson was the No. 1 defender of vaping,” Norquist told me.
The idea that vapers were the key to the 2016 election struck me as exotic, to say the least. But this is Norquist’s theory of coalition politics, one he has pursued relentlessly for decades: There is always a new group to be brought into the tent of people who want to be left alone by the government. America’s 2 million homeschooling families. Fifteen million holders of concealed-carry gun permits, a number that’s triple the membership of the NRA. And now, 10 million vapers.
Later, I called Johnson’s campaign manager, Betsy Ankney, to ask if the vapers had been crucial to his win, expecting she would laugh me off the phone. But while she didn’t attribute victory to the vapers alone, she didn’t deny that they had helped. “It is something we got a huge swell of support around,” she said. The campaign targeted digital ads at vapers as a result.
N
orquist’s trust in Trump has put him at odds with many other conservative organizations. Americans for Tax Reform supported the failed House plan to repeal and replace Obamacare, on the grounds that it cut taxes; Heritage Action, the Club for Growth, FreedomWorks, and the Kochs’ Americans for Prosperity all opposed the bill, despite a White House meeting at which the president personally asked for their support. Republicans in Congress didn’t take Norquist’s side. The other conservative groups’ opposition helped torpedo the legislation.
Yet Norquist is confident he will win the war. He told me he trusted Trump because of the time he had spent in his presence. He had met Trump four times: Once in 2012, when he viewed him as a potential donor. Once in July 2015, when Trump spoke at the libertarian FreedomFest in Las Vegas and met with Norquist privately. Once at a reception before Trump’s April 2016 foreign-policy speech at the Center for the National Interest. (This was apparently the same reception at which Trump notoriously met the Russian ambassador, Sergey Kislyak.) And finally, at the White House in January.
It was a conversation with Trump at their third meeting that stood out in Norquist’s mind. “He said, ‘Do you like my tax cut?’ and I said, ‘Yes, it’s a fine tax cut,’” Norquist recalled. “And then he pointed at me and he said: ‘I’m with you 100 percent. I’m with you 100 percent. I’m with you 100 percent.’”
Norquist smiled, an impish, purse-lipped, cat-that-ate-the-canary smile. “So, he’s with me 100 percent,” he said. “He said it three times. What could be clearer?”



ARTICLE
The suburban Atlanta House district holding a special election Tuesday to replace former Representative Tom Price, now President Trump’s secretary of health and human services, is a most unlikely bellwether.
The sixth congressional district in Georgia has been reliably Republican for decades. Since Price was first elected there in 2004, he never carried less than 60 percent of its vote. Mitt Romney and John McCain each won almost exactly 60 percent of the vote there in the 2012 and 2008 presidential races, respectively. And National Journal’s most recent Almanac of American Politics concluded that “all parts of the district are safe Republican.”
But in recent weeks the race to replace Price has transfixed the political world, because the seat crystallizes two electoral trends that could decide the struggle for the House in the 2018 midterm election. Centered on white-collar communities in the northern Atlanta suburbs, the district is one of 48 Republican-held House seats that share two key characteristics that could potentially boost Democrats. First, it has a greater share of college-educated whites than the national average of 34.2 percent. Second, Trump performed worse in the district last November than Romney did in 2012. These similar districts—the ones that could produce the next Georgia 6—are portrayed in the chart below.

Price’s former seat has become an improbable battleground because it ranks so high on both lists: Nearly 65 percent of whites in the district hold at least a four-year college degree, and Trump’s margin of victory there was nearly 22 points lower than Romney’s. Trump won the district by just 1.5 percentage points, and Hillary Clinton took nearly 47 percent of its vote—an almost 10-point bump from then-President Barack Obama’s performance there in 2012.
Heavily white-collar districts that were cool to Trump aren’t the only seats Democrats will contest next year: They are also targeting less urban and more blue-collar seats, including a few in upstate New York. And Democrats are not planning to challenge all of the 48 GOP-held seats that share the two key characteristics; that list includes several suburban seats in Texas, as well as in South Carolina, Arizona, and Georgia, that lean even more strongly Republican than Price’s former district.
But with national polls consistently showing Trump’s job-approval rating sagging below 40 percent among whites with at least a four-year college degree—and sometimes sinking as low as 35 percent—white-collar districts such as Georgia’s sixth have grown central to Democratic hopes of recapturing the House. With the exception of the suburban Dallas seat held by Republican Representative Sam Johnson, Democrats are seriously targeting every seat on the chart above where at least half of the district’s whites are college-educated. Most of these are also seats where Trump’s margin significantly eroded compared with Romney’s four years ago. And most of them are also seats where Hillary Clinton beat Trump.
The list of targeted House Republicans includes John Culberson (Houston suburbs), Barbara Comstock (Northern Virginia), Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (Miami), Pete Sessions (Dallas), Mimi Walters and Dana Rohrabacher (Orange County, California), Darrell Issa (suburban San Diego), Leonard Lance and Rodney Frelinghuysen (New Jersey), Peter Roskam (suburban Chicago), Kevin Yoder (Kansas City, Kansas), and Erik Paulsen (western suburbs of Minneapolis-St. Paul).
Several GOP seats with a slightly lesser, but still above average, concentration of white college graduates are also high on the Democrats’ priority list. Those include the Philadelphia-area seats held by Ryan Costello and Pat Meehan; Martha McSally’s seat in the Tucson, Arizona, area; Will Hurd’s district outside San Antonio; and the suburban Denver seat held by Mike Coffman. Some of the seats in Democrats’ sights—including those held by Culberson, Comstock, Sessions, Walters, Rohrabacher, Issa, Hurd, McSally, and Coffman, as well as the Price seat—also contain substantial minority populations, potentially making them more competitive.
As for this week’s race in Georgia, Republicans will breathe a sigh of relief if Democratic candidate Jon Ossoff fails to capture Price’s old seat. Running against a crowded Republican field, Ossoff is virtually guaranteed to finish first in Tuesday’s initial round. But to win outright, he needs to clear 50 percent of the vote; if no one captures a majority, the top two finishers will compete in a June runoff where Ossoff’s path may be rockier. But the Price district leans more strongly Republican than almost any of the other white-collar seats on the Democratic target list. Price’s most recent Democratic opponent carried just 38 percent.
If Ossoff doesn’t do much better, it would send Democrats the dispiriting signal that white-collar whites are still differentiating between their unease about Trump and their inclination to back Republicans for Congress. But if Ossoff improves on the Democratic performance there in 2016—much less if he wins outright—it would suggest at least some of the well-educated, ordinarily GOP-leaning whites expressing concern about Trump in polls are open to voting Democratic as a way to impose a check on him. If that dynamic were to develop, it would offer Democrats probably their best chance of recapturing the House next year—on a path that runs primarily through the competitive districts on this chart.



ARTICLE
The sight of a police officer interacting with a member of the public causes a significant if unknown number of Americans to reach for their cell phones and start recording, just in case. It isn’t that they believe all cops to be abusive or dishonest––just enough to warrant vigilance. “Take your phone out, take your phone out!” a Georgia resident told a companion as they watched Sergeant Michael Bongiovanni of Gwinnett County Police Department. He was standing by a sedan during a traffic stop.
This is known because the companion had already begun recording the encounter on her own. It’s lucky they were suspicious. Demetrius Hollins, 21, suddenly emerged from the sedan with both hands up. And Sgt. Bongiovanni slugged him in the head.

Before cell phone videos, few people would have learned about the traffic stop. A majority, among white people, would have believed the false police report that the cop filed, then wondered why people in black neighborhoods mistrust the police at such high rates.
Today, even apologists for the status quo in policing acknowledge the unjust brutality in such footage. Still, they wave these incidents away, dubbing the police officer involved a bad apple, while insisting that he doesn’t represent a deeper problem in the profession.
That dismissiveness is perverse.
Yes, there are lots of good cops, and no one should be prejudged just for being “blue.” But consider that Bongiovanni was hired in 1999. Even if he were actually the only bad cop in his department, that “one bad apple” would have encounters with thousands over the course of his career. How many did he abuse without getting caught?
Employing a “bad apple” for two decades and promoting him to sergeant is not a small error––not in a profession empowered to wield deadly violence and cage people. In a profession like that, identifying and terminating the worst cops should be a priority.
But the Gwinnett County Police Department didn’t have just one bad apple. During the same stop, another cop was called to the scene, after the 21-year-old motorist was already lying on the ground handcuffed. That second cop, Robert McDonald, exited his vehicle, ran up to the handcuffed 21-year-old, and kicked him in the head.
That was caught by a different camera.
What do you think is more likely, that this traffic stop just happened to bring together the only two bad apples on the Gwinnett County police force? Or that there is a larger problem in its culture, illustrated by the fact that a young officer hired four years ago expected no consequences for needlessly kicking a handcuffed guy in the head in front of a sergeant? If I were the U.S. Attorney General, I’d dispatch someone to study whether civil rights are routinely violated in Gwinnett County.
The actual attorney general, Jeff Sessions, is aggressively ratcheting down federal oversight of local police departments, even as President Donald Trump leads a coalition that is actively hostile to Black Lives Matter, the policing reform movement.  
I support praising good cops for the dangerous, sometimes heroic work that they do; and I acknowledge that they are frequently put in almost impossible situations, only to be second-guessed by legions if anything goes wrong, even when they are not to blame, or error in a way that millions would. What’s more, I don’t always agree with the tactics or the rhetoric of Black Lives Matter, a diverse movement that attracts both impressive, sensible reformers and less responsible fringe elements.
But the Black Lives Matter movement is portrayed wildly inaccurately in conservative media outlets, which focus on the most extreme, unrepresentative rhetoric from the coalition, and all but ignores the actual policy demands that it has put forth.
That reform agenda doesn’t get the attention it deserves, as I’ve noted before.
Dubbed Campaign Zero, it draws its strength largely from the fact that many of the policies that it recommends are “best practices” taken from existing police agencies.
“They’re practical, well-thought out, and in most cases, achievable,” wrote Radley Balko, one of the country’s most knowledgeable law-enforcement-policy journalists. “These are proposals that will almost certainly have an impact, even if only some of them are implemented. The ideas here are well-researched, supported with real-world evidence and ought to be seriously considered by policymakers.”
Professor Harold Pollack, a policy expert at the University of Chicago, concluded in his assessment that, “One does not need to embrace every element to recognize that this well-crafted document provides a useful basis of discussion between grassroots activists, elected officials, law enforcement professionals, and policy analysts ... And based on my own research on urban crime and policing, which has included the implementation of randomized-violence-prevention trials, interviews with incarcerated offenders, and collaboration with public-health and criminal-justice authorities, several proposals in Campaign Zero struck me as particularly smart.”
Community oversight is one item on their demand list:

Police usually investigate and decide what, if any, consequences their fellow officers should face in cases of police misconduct. Under this system, fewer than 1 in every 12 complaints of police misconduct nationwide results in some kind of disciplinary action against the officer(s) responsible.

Keep that demand in mind while reading this excerpt from Jeremy Stahl of Slate, who pored over Sgt. Bongiovanni’s disciplinary record in the Gwinnett County Police Department:

...Bongiovanni had at least 67 use of force incident reports, 12 citizen misconduct complaints, and four administrative conduct investigations in the nearly 20 years he was an officer. In all of those times, he was apparently sanctioned just once. And that one time, wasn’t even for an act of misconduct against the public. (He was recommended for a demotion and ultimately a 15-day suspension in 2014 for the administrative crime of “failure to supervise and lead those under his command.”)

...In multiple of the use of force reports stretching back to 1999, Bongiovanni admitted to punching suspects in the head (each event was considered lawful).

The actual misconduct complaints are even more troubling.

In 1999, a black man alleged that Bongiovanni said this to him when he asked for the officer's name during an incident: “Here is a card, you can report me you [dumb] mother fucker get your Nigger ass out of here.” The man's account of Bongiovanni's use of the slur was backed up by another witness. (The man also said this in his official statement: “The police officer’s job is to serve and protect. This officer was very rude, aggressive, boisterous, and did not have the right mind nor heart to be a police officer on the streets.”) Bongiovanni wrote it up differently. The complaint against Bongiovanni was not sustained.
	Earlier that same year, an unarmed Haitian man accused Bongiovanni of choking him and accused Bongiovanni's partner of choking the man’s mom after they had entered a private residence. Multiple witnesses described in almost the exact same way how one of the men had begun to use a racial epithet before cutting himself off. “God is my witness, that man almost said ‘nigger,’ I know he did,” one witness said of the incident. “He said ‘nig’ and stopped himself. He said ‘I’ll take you ni—in the house,’ just like that.” Another witness described things similarly: “He said ‘[…] I’ll arrest every, every, every, every nig’ and he, he corrected [himself], he was about to say 'nigger.'” Bongiovanni and his partner wrote it up differently. The allegations of the choking and the racial slurs were determined to be “unfounded.”
	In 2001, a Hispanic man who was never charged with a crime in the incident accused Bongiovanni of brutality after he had to go to the hospital. Bongiovanni wrote it up differently. The internal investigation found him to be exonerated.
	In 2002, a white woman who was in a car with her black boyfriend accused Bongiovanni of fondling her inner thigh with the inside of his hand during a stop frisk, pulling the elastic band on the back of her sweatpants, and breaking a purse during a search. (“He didn’t pull them far,” she said. “He, you know, he pulled enough to where you could see the top, leg part of my underwear.”) Bongiovanni and his partner wrote it up differently. The internal investigation found him to be exonerated.
	In 2003, a black man accused Bongiovanni of striking him and choking him with a baton. Bongiovanni wrote it up differently. The internal investigation found the complaint was not sustained.
	In 2004, a black man who was eventually arrested on a drug charge claimed that he had his hands on the roof of his car when Bongiovanni punched him in the head and said “don’t look at me, or I’ll shoot you.” Bongiovanni wrote it up differently. The internal investigation found him to be exonerated.
	In 2006, a black man who was being arrested claimed that Bongiovanni choke slammed him on a car, punched him twice in the face, and elbowed him twice in the head. He also claimed that Bongiovanni said “I’ll fuck you up nigger.” Bongiovanni wrote it up differently. The internal investigation found him to be exonerated.
There are more, but those are the highlights. The question is now this: If Bongiovanni was willing to lie about this misconduct incident, how many others did he lie about and how many of those “exonerations” by Gwinnett County’s internal affairs were the result of just more cases of bad cops covering for each other?

Black Lives Matter has also demanded body camera policies that would make people like the brutalized 21-year-old less reliant on passersby with cell phone cameras, and union contracts that make it easier to weed out the worst cops from police forces.
Heather Mac Donald, the Manhattan Institute scholar and Black Lives Matter critic, has argued that there is a dangerous “war on cops” being waged by the media and left-wing activists. A lot of police officers feel threatened by Black Lives Matter, and were heartened to hear Trump criticize it while praising their profession.
But police officers aren’t unpopular in black neighborhoods because of Black Lives Matter, and they haven’t lost standing among liberals because of bias in the news media.
Video killed bygone levels of trust in police officers by confirming what minority communities have always insisted: that there is a lot of unjust brutality carried out by law enforcement; that egregious acts are covered up by cops who lie on police reports; that misbehaving cops often get cover from colleagues honoring a blue code of silence; and that a relatively small number of bad apples can therefore do quite significant harm to innocents in the communities that are most vulnerable to them.
If implemented, the Black Lives Matter policing reform agenda would help to weed out the worst cops, reducing the incidence of brutality ... and YouTube broadcasts of that brutality.That is a better way to raise esteem for law enforcement than allying with the most polarizing president in a generation and imagining that brutality videos will be ignored.



ARTICLE
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer announced that President Trump’s 2016 tax returns are being audited and will not be released. Vice President Mike Pence issued a warning to North Korea, saying that the “era of strategic patience is over.” The first family hosted its first Easter Egg Roll at the White House. On his first day on the job, Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch heard oral arguments. Local and federal law enforcement are searching for a suspect who posted a video to Facebook of himself shooting and killing a 74-year-old man in Cleveland on Sunday.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

A Look at the Big Picture: The Washington outrage over Donald Trump’s proposed budget cuts to a number of government agencies is misguided, argues Jon Gabriel. With the current U.S. federal debt at $19.6 trillion, Trump’s cuts “don’t go far enough.” (The Arizona Republic)
The Inside Scoop: Benjamin Freed explores how the Palm Beach Daily News used its proximity to the Mar-a-Lago Club to break major political news in the early days of Donald Trump’s presidency. In the Trump era, the 120-year-old beach-town paper is a must-read. (Washingtonian)
A Look at the Clues: Shortly after taking office, President Trump asked American manufacturers for policy recommendations. The resulting suggestions provide insight into why the Environmental Protection Agency became a major target for the president. (Juliet Eilperin, The Washington Post)   
When Do Voters Start Winning?: The residents of Pennsylvania’s eighth district, a swing region within a swing state, narrowly backed Trump in the 2016 presidential race. While they maintain optimism for the new administration, they question how long it will take the president to deliver on his promises. (Matt Flegenheimer, The New York Times)
‘Ivanka Fever’: During a time of strained relations between the United States and China, Ivanka Trump has emerged as a subject of admiration among Chinese leaders and citizens. Why? Because the president’s daughter reflects many traditional values of Chinese society. (Rebecca E. Karl, Yishu Mao, Linda Jaivin, Foreign Policy)
The Fight to Rebuild the Deep South: This short documentary takes a look at Jon Ossoff’s Democratic campaign for Georgia’s sixth congressional district, which has been a Republican stronghold for nearly 40 years. (Daniel Lombroso)
Since the 1930s, a president’s first 100 days in office have been used to measure the new administration’s progress and potential success. By his 100th day, former President Franklin D. Roosevelt had signed 76 bills into law and pushed for new federal jobs programs. President Trump will reach his 100-day mark on April 29. What is your assessment of Trump’s early days in office?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
It is hard to overstate the hullaballoo that is the annual White House Easter Egg Roll, unfolding Monday on the South Lawn. In the Obama years, the Egg Roll was the day when the president read Maurice Sendak’s Where the Wild Things Are to a group of assembled children, when sunburned interns supervised roving gangs of six-year-olds, and when the likes of Big Bird and the Easter Bunny were required to report to the South Lawn by sunrise, just in time to appear in the morning news show’s footage. For one joyful day, the routinized business of the West Wing takes place practically under the feet of thousands of screaming children zigzagging across the president’s backyard.
While Obama-era egg rolls tended to have about 35,000 attendees, this year’s egg roll is expected to be much smaller, with only around 21,000 attendees anticipated for the event, according to NBC. First Lady Melania Tump’s spokeswoman said that the reason for the smaller size is Melania’s desire to focus on  “the historic aspect of the Easter Egg Roll.”  
And yet, the most historic aspect of the White House Easter Egg Roll is its enormous size. It is one of the last vestiges of an original mode of invitation-free White House entertaining, gone since the postwar era, which dictates the president fling open the doors and welcome inside anyone who lines up.
The President’s House by William Seale, the most authoritative history of the White House, gives a vivid account of the first and not particularly sedate White House Easter Egg Roll. Washington children had been rolling eggs down Capitol Hill for decades when in the 1870s Congress barred them from trampling the lawn year-round, including during the Egg Roll.
In 1879, during the Rutherford B. Hayes Administration, Capitol police enforced the law and hundreds of children flocked to the grounds of the White House South Lawn to continue their egg rolling in protest. Seale quotes The Washington Star’s account describing the event: “They [the children] laughed, yelled, and played…in rolling down with their eggs the girls – some of them a pretty good size, too – were totally regardless of the extent of striped stockings displayed.” The activity is interrupted by the appearance of “a ragged and dirty boy of 14” who steals a basket of Easter eggs and is chased down by the police through town, with the other children trailing in pursuit of the action.
But such an influx of citizenry used to be commonplace in the White House. For over a century, the Egg Roll was just one of many annual White House occasions that saw thousands of ordinary Americans flow through the house to shake the president’s hand. (President Trump seems content to avoid the hand shaking part of things, if his recent behavior while greeting a tour is any indication.)
Running through Seale’s books is a current of purposefully crowded White House entertaining.
On the Fourth of July, Thomas Jefferson and his Cabinet stood on the steps of the White House and surveyed the traveling circus that had materialized on the south grounds at dawn. Thousands of people mingled and bought food, drink, baskets and rugs, watched horseraces, cockfights and military drills. After taking in the scene, Jefferson invited the crowd into the White House to, as Seale paraphrases, “partake of this hospitality and his thanksgiving for the preservation of independence.”
People stood in lines around the block to attend Andrew Johnson’s receptions, enduring the hot sun and aching feet, just to shake the President’s hand.  To better the traffic flow, the White House staff built a rolling staircase that could be rolled up to a lifted window to instantly transform it into a door.
John Tyler served just one term, but a sturdy marble table he purchased for $100 served an important function for dozens of presidents—it became a barrier between him and the crush of people clamoring for his hand in the Blue Room.
Among those who benefitted from the table was Abraham Lincoln, who would shake thousands of hands in any one reception. Following the events, he would routinely retire to the residence, where Mary Todd Lincoln would soak and rub her husband’s badly blistered hand. One of these took place on New Year’s Day in 1863, the day on which Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation.
“I never in my life,” he said, “felt more certain that I was doing right, than I do in signing this paper. But I have been receiving calls and shaking hands since nine o’clock this morning, till my arm is stiff and numb… now this signature is one that will be closely examined… If they find my hand trembled they will say, ‘he had some complications.’ But any way it is going to be done.” Seale observes that while the signature did betray a tremor, with it, three million slaves were freed.
For much of its history, the front door of the White House was open to hundreds of daily visitors, who arrived in the foyer with the objective to see the president and spent the rest of the appointed visiting hours lolling there.
Charles Dickens, on his tour of America, described this perennial crowd.

We entered a large hall, and, having twice or thrice rung a bell which nobody answered, walked without further ceremony through the rooms on the ground-floor, as divers other gentlemen (mostly with their hats on, and their hands in their pockets) were doing very leisurely. Some of these had ladies with them, to whom they were showing the premises; others were lounging on the chairs and sofas; others, in a perfect state of exhaustion from listlessness, were yawning drearily. The greater portion of this assemblage were rather asserting their supremacy than doing anything else, as they had no particular business there, that anybody knew of. A few were closely eyeing the movables, as if to make quite sure that the President (who was far from popular) had not made away with any of the furniture, or sold the fixtures for his private benefit.

At various points, the White House’s south grounds were open to the public in seasons of warm weather. Seale recounts a story in which one man approaches Franklin Pierce, and asks, “Mr. President, can’t I go through your fine house? I’ve heard so much about it that I’d give a great deal to see it.” Pierce replies, “Why my dear sir, that is not my house, it’s the people’s house, and you shall certainly go through if you wish.” With that, he summoned a doorman to give the man a personal tour.
The assassination of several presidents and the event of two World Wars caused the end of this era of open entertaining. The Fourth of July and New Year’s Receptions were permanently ended, and the Egg Roll temporarily suspended by wartime president’s Wilson and Roosevelt, only to be brought back by Harding and Eisenhower twice, after WWI and II.
The business of presidential entertaining is rooted in the questions George Washington posed earnestly in letters he wrote Alexander Hamilton, John Jay and John Adams, to ask if the President should live in constant communication with “all kinds of company” or in “total seclusion from society?”
“Would it be sufficient to receive publicly one day a week, or would even so limited a public exposure not merely invite impertinent applications and embarrassing situations insulting to the office of the President? Many things which appear of little importance,” Washington continued, “may have great and durable consequence for their having been established at the commencement of a new general government.”
As the Trumps prepare to welcome a decidedly smaller crowd to today’s egg roll, Washington’s question seems more relevant than ever—how open should a White House be? How many people might call on the president at various stages of the year? And which part of White House history should the Trumps be seeking to emulate as they move through the events that “appear of little importance?”



ARTICLE
Last week brought a new conventional wisdom to Washington: Internationalism is back. Donald Trump’s military strike in Syria, his embrace of the Export-Import bank, his acknowledgment that China isn’t actually manipulating its currency, and his public humiliation of Steve Bannon sparked a rash of articles suggesting that Trump’s presidency may not signal the rise of nativist nationalism after all. Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner, H.R. McMaster, and Gary Cohn won’t permit it.
But the balance of power inside a White House doesn’t necessarily reflect the balance of power inside a party. At times during Ronald Reagan’s presidency, moderates like James Baker outmaneuvered conservatives like Edwin Meese and Pat Buchanan. In his second term, George W. Bush preferred Condoleezza Rice’s foreign-policy counsel to Dick Cheney’s.
Baker and Rice, however, represented a brand of moderate conservatism that was declining outside of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. They owed their influence to bureaucratic skill and personal affinity; Meese and Cheney were connected to growing movements in the country at large. And those movements kept growing inside the Republican Party even when the influence of Meese and Cheney themselves fell.
That’s the case with Steve Bannon today. He may have fallen out of Trump’s favor. But inside the GOP, the tribal nationalism he espouses is rising nonetheless.
It’s easy to forget how weak Bannon’s brand of nationalism was just a few years ago. In 2013, the Republican National Committee answered Mitt Romney’s loss with an “autopsy” that called on the party to “champion comprehensive immigration reform.” That year, 14 Republican senators voted for just that. And even those Republicans who opposed giving the undocumented a path to citizenship generally stressed their fondness for legal immigration. When Jeff Sessions offered an amendment in 2013 to reduce it, he was outvoted in committee 17 to one.
This pro-immigration spirit shaped the early stages of the Republican primary campaign. Marco Rubio announced his candidacy at Miami’s equivalent of Ellis Island. In his announcement speech, Jeb Bush quoted Ronald Reagan as saying that “we should stop thinking of our neighbors as foreigners.” He then rattled off several sentences in Spanish. Even Ted Cruz, who was determined to be the purest conservative in the race, called in his announcement speech for a “legal immigration system that welcomes and celebrates those who come to achieve the American dream.”
Trump did not. Perhaps because he was not beholden to the GOP’s pro-immigration business and political elites, he embraced the Jeff Sessions-Ann Coulter line that third-world immigration—legal as well as illegal—was a problem. And through his success, he showed how potent anti-immigration sentiment was inside the GOP. Over the course of the campaign, as Molly Ball has noted, “Scott Walker, Ted Cruz, even Jeb Bush” moved toward Trump’s position.
That trend has continued since Trump’s election. This year, when two Republican senators proposed cutting legal immigration in half, Rubio—who had celebrated legal immigration during his campaign—said he was open to the idea. As Ramesh Ponnuru has noted, “immigration is rapidly becoming a defining issue for American conservatism.” Jared Kushner can wield all the influence he wants. Bannon’s views on immigration are ascendant in the GOP.
It’s the same with trade. At the start of the 2016 presidential campaign, supporting trade deals was considered a strongly held Republican view. The year before, 49 out of 54 Republican Senators had voted to give President Obama the “fast-track” authority necessary to push the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) through Congress. In 2014, Republicans had told the Pew Research Center that free-trade deals benefited the United States by a margin of 19 points. Trump changed that. By the fall of 2016, by a whopping 44-point margin, Republicans told Pew that trade deals harmed the United States. And as on immigration, other Republicans raced to keep up. As the campaign wore on, both Rubio and Cruz grew more hostile to TPP. When Trump withdrew the U.S. from the TPP negotiations in his first days in office, even formerly staunch free-traders like House Majority Leader Paul Ryan cheered.
The GOP has moved in Bannon’s direction on war, too. In June 2015, according to Gallup, only 31 percent of Republicans called the Iraq War a mistake. When Trump called it one in February 2016, Rubio, Bush, Cruz, and Kasich all disagreed. Each argued that, given what George W. Bush knew at the time, he was right to topple Saddam Hussein. I suspect that far fewer Republican voters or politicians would say so today.
Even Trump’s bombing of Syria shows how the mood inside the party has changed. Yes, most Republicans supported it. Americans tend to support military action at first, especially when a president of their own party launches it. But influential conservatives—from Ann Coulter to Laura Ingraham to thousands of commenters on Breitbart—denounced the attack. That’s new. When George W. Bush invaded Iraq, a far riskier undertaking, conservative support was nearly unanimous. Coulter and Ingraham supported it themselves. There is now a powerful faction of Republicans willing to oppose even limited military strikes launched by a Republican president. Under George W. Bush, that simply wasn’t the case.
But if Trump has moved the GOP toward nationalism and nativism, why can’t he—or a future Republican leader—move it back? They could, but it won’t be easy because the Republican coalition has changed. Between 1992 and 2016, the percentage of whites with college degrees that identified as Republicans dropped five points. Over that same period, the percentage of whites with a high-school degree or less who identified as Republicans rose 18 points. Blue-collar Republicans are far more hostile to immigration and free trade than their white-collar counterparts. And as Walter Russell Mead has famously observed, they tend to be “Jacksonian” on foreign policy. When they feel threatened, they support ferocious military attacks. But they have little appetite for expending blood or treasure on behalf of international norms or commitments from which they perceive little personal benefit.
As Ron Brownstein correctly notes, these views are still underrepresented in Washington, where corporate interests and a hawkish foreign-policy class push the GOP toward internationalism. But over time, the shift among grassroots Republicans will reshape Washington institutions that rely on conservative eyeballs or small-donor donations.
Ten or even five years ago, The Weekly Standard was more influential than Breitbart. Now it’s the reverse. Listen to Fox News these days and you’ll hear little enthusiasm for the war in Afghanistan and a lot of enthusiasm for keeping Afghans out of the United States.
Over time, nationalist conservatives will even develop an intellectual class. In January, a former student of the influential conservative Harvard political theorist Harvey Mansfield created a journal called American Affairs to give Bannonism intellectual heft. The job of neoconservative intellectuals, Irving Kristol once claimed, is “to explain to the American people why they are right, and to the intellectuals why they are wrong.” As ordinary Republicans move in a nationalist and nativist direction, nationalist and nativist intellectuals will emerge to do the same thing.
My old colleague Jonathan Chait once wrote that in interpreting politics, it’s important to distinguish between the weather, which constantly fluctuates, and the climate, which defines the broad parameters within which those fluctuations occur. The weather turned bad for Steve Bannon last week. But the climate inside the Republican Party is likely to be conducive to his views for years to come.



ARTICLE
Controversies over Islam take somewhat different shapes in Europe and the United States. While France attempts to ban burkinis, or full-body bathing suits worn by some Muslim women, U.S. state legislatures attempt to ban the use of sharia law in American courts.
And yet, argues Nadia Marzouki in her new book, Islam: An American Religion, anti-Islam arguments in the West have become “surprisingly standardized.” It’s “no longer possible to discuss Islam’s place in Western societies without systematically invoking a series of normative oppositions: good/bad, moderate/radical, faith/law, West/Muslim, modernity/tradition, and so on,” she writes. “For a majority of Americans and Europeans, Islam remains an opaque object that one is unable to think of in any way other than as a problem, threat, or retrograde legal code.”
It’s not enough to understand this simply as Islamophobia, argues Marzouki, who is a research fellow at Harvard University’s Belfer Center and the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique in Paris. She believes Islam has become a cipher in Western societies for the tough questions of secular, liberal democracies: how much to champion liberty over equality, for example, and whether legal rights should entitle Muslims to fully express their faith in public. As much as Europe and the U.S. have different histories and legal traditions, she claims, anti-Muslim groups in both places share their discomfort with these challenges.
At the same time, Muslims in the U.S. have become distinct from other Muslims around the world, Marzouki says: They have embraced the American tradition of civil religion, which mixes a sense of transcendent purpose with a sense of civic duty. Understanding Islam as an American religion, and understanding why anti-Muslim groups react to Islam the way they do, she argues, is the only way to deescalate the tension surrounding the religion in America and abroad.
I spoke with Marzouki about attitudes toward Islam in America and Europe. Our conversation has been edited for length and clarity.
Emma Green: What are the fundamental differences—and similarities—between attitudes toward Islam in Europe and in the United States?
Nadia Marzouki: I wanted to go beyond this notion that you have two distinct models of understanding Islam in Europe and in the U.S. I wanted to focus on the increasing convergence between modes of argument about Islam in Europe and the U.S. due to right-wing organizations that have been working together.
You have very different Muslim communities and populations in the U.S. and in Europe—different ethnic backgrounds, national backgrounds, forms of socioeconomic status, occupations, and number and percentage in the population. Despite all these very important differences, you end up having debates that are organized around the same stereotypes: the invasion of Muslims in the suburbs of America or Europe, the oppression of women, mosques turning into breeding camps for terrorism, stealth jihad, sharia.
I want to suggest that anti-Muslim movements are maybe not just an effect of distinct historical and legal traditions. These debates about Islam say something more profound about an unease among parts of the public toward democracy and the meaning of political community.
Green: People in the U.S. sometimes refer to Europe as an example of what can happen in America if Muslims don’t assimilate into their broader communities. President Trump, for example, has pointed to Sweden and France as examples of disordered Muslim communities.
Why do you think that comparison is so common?
Marzouki: The notion that the Muslim population is replacing the old European population has been very common in the discourse in right-wing and anti-Muslim movements in the U.S. Arguments do not spread just by themselves. They have been manufactured by specific organizations. There’s been an important back-and-forth—some people from the U.K. or the Netherlands or Switzerland have been invited and brought these arguments to the U.S.
Green: Don’t some of these anti-Muslim figures in Europe, including Marine Le Pen and Geert Wilders, have very different coalitions than those in the U.S.—including support from some members of the European LGBT community?
Marzouki: One major difference between Europe and the U.S. is that anti-Muslim arguments in the U.S. haven’t been very prominent within the Democratic Party or the left. Maybe you can find a few exceptions here and there, but broadly speaking, it’s mostly people from the right wing of the Republican Party. In Europe, some of the arguments about the fear of Islam, etc., have been endorsed by the right, but also by the left.
Green: You describe a process all religious groups go through in America: They start taking responsibility for the country’s founding myth of pluralism, which says that every religious group should have the freedom to worship in the U.S. Do you think the American Muslim community has gone through that process?
Marzouki: Major American Muslim organizations have been focused on defining their struggle as belonging to this mythology of American pluralism. In speeches, Muslim leaders will say things like, “Yes, Muslims right now are going through difficult and challenging times, but we should not despair of what the American constitution and political system offer us. This is the price to pay. All communities have been through this kind of challenging time of suspicion and discrimination.”
When two students were murdered at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, it was a tragic murder, but at the same time it was interesting to see the response of American Muslims. They were insisting that these students were brilliant and about to be extremely good contributors to their country and society. Their profile was defined in order to celebrate, even in these tragic circumstances, the American idea of a pluralist society.
“It’s not enough to dismiss them as Islamophobic. You have to take seriously this claim that they are being offended.”
Green: You also argue that all American religions also get “neutralized” into “faith and spirituality.” What do you mean by that?
Marzouki: The strategy of American Muslims to be recognized, accepted, and integrated has been to argue that Islam is primarily just a form of ethics and faith—it’s inoffensive, harmless, and has no impact on the public sphere. Muslims are normal citizens, normal humans, who just happen to have a different ethics, and do not have any intention to transform, invade, or hijack the constitution or American politics.
This nicely fits in the mythology of the American civil religion. Acceptable religious practice in America is primarily invisible and private. Expressing your faith in a more public and political way is a threat to democracy and modernity.
This begs the question of whether Muslims can make political interventions that are not immediately cast as dangerous or un-American.
Green: Other groups, like Mormons, have gone through intense periods of persecution and suspicion in American history. These days, Mormons are widely accepted as a religious group. Why hasn’t that happened with Muslims—some of whom have been in the U.S. longer than the Mormon church has existed?
Marzouki: Islam has been constructed consistently in an ambivalent way at once as an ultra religion and as a non-religion. It’s an ultra-religion in the sense that it embodies too much of religion, too much legal obligation. Islam is always defined or reduced to sharia by these anti-Muslim groups—an indication of fear that Islam is too legalistic.
Islam, at the same time, has been constructed as a non-religion. All the legislators supporting anti-sharia bills argue that sharia is not part of a religion—it’s an ideology. They do this for various reasons. One is to suggest that if Islam is not a religion, Muslims do not have the right to claim the protection of the First Amendment.
Despite the fact that Muslims have been around since they were slaves from Africa, there’s always this discrepancy between reality and the public construction of Islam.
Green: You argue that anti-Muslim demonstrators are objecting to more than just Islam—they’re reacting to the world, and more specifically to the values of a secular, liberal democracy. What do you mean by that?
Marzouki: I was intrigued by the arguments of people opposing the Islamic Center in New York in 2010. It was not about rights; it was about what is right. Anti-mosque people were not saying, “We hate Islam,” “we don’t want Muslims,” or “you don’t have a right to build a mosque.” What they were saying was more specific: “We don’t deny you the right to build an Islamic center. But we think this is inappropriate. This is not the right place or time.”
One could argue that this is all rhetorical, but I don’t think so. It’s not enough to dismiss them as Islamophobic. You have to take seriously this claim that they are being offended.
These arguments about appropriateness have been very prominent in European debates. For example, a lot of women opposed to Muslims wearing the burka in public have said, “Well, you can practice your religion the way you want, but it causes some kind of disgust or fear when we see a woman in a burka.” It’s this notion of unease—it’s not just a discussion about rights.
What’s at stake is not just a hate of Islam or a hate of Muslims. It’s an unease toward the capacity of abstract language to capture their sense of being disgruntled, or being perceived as losers, or as people who have been hurt or offended. Understanding the role of emotions and affect is important, because it helps us better understand why people consider certain things sacred, like the constitution, or some territory where a mosque should be constructed. Focusing just on law is not enough to address what’s really at stake.



ARTICLE
President Trump, like most of his recent predecessors, wants to reorganize the federal government, to make it leaner and meaner and more effective at serving its customers, the American people.
The White House announced last week that it would spend the next several months soliciting ideas from the general public, academic and industry experts, and most importantly, the men and women who work in the government about how best to do this. A big goal of the effort is to cut out duplicative or wasteful programs, as well as to reduce the civilian workforce in line with the dramatic cuts Trump is demanding in his first budget proposal. There’s even a website where regular citizens can tell the president what departments, agencies, or programs they want to see reformed or flat-out eliminated—be it the CIA, the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum, or even the White House itself.
While previous presidents have tried, and often failed, to streamline the government, one advantage Trump has is that he is starting earlier in his presidency and has made this overhaul a higher priority than it has been in the past. He’s also tasked two of his closest aides, son-in-law Jared Kushner and budget director Mick Mulvaney, with leading the effort, increasing the likelihood that it will stay near the top of his agenda.
“The types of changes that need to take place in the government aren’t ones that get done with the stroke of the pen. They’re the proverbial long march,” said Max Stier, the president and CEO of the Partnership for Public Service. “So the idea that the Trump team has begun within its first 100 days a serious reform effort I think is really important, because they have a better opportunity to actually see something through.”
Stier is a leading advocate for management reform in the government and has advised presidential transitions, including the Trump team. He spoke to me by phone last week to discuss the administration’s plan for reorganizing the government and the challenges it will face along the way, including the need to coax Congress into action and partner with career employees who might well view the effort as a threat to their livelihood.
A major obstacle for the new president, Stier said, is that he’s embarking on this Herculean challenge even before he’s installed most of his government in the first place. Trump is far behind his recent predecessors in filling the dozens of crucial posts beyond his senior Cabinet. Two of his Cabinet secretaries are still awaiting Senate confirmation, and just one deputy secretary has started her job. Most of the other assistant secretary and agency director positions have no nominees at all. The people performing those jobs for the time being are either temporary officials installed by the Trump transition team or career civil servants.
Stier likens them to “substitute teachers” who lack both the designated authority and the self-assurance to effect change and implement the president’s agenda. “They certainly don't have longterm tenure, and as a result, they themselves typically don’t take on the hard challenges or view the choices that they’re making from that longterm lens,” he said. “And the people around them understand that any choice they make may be changed by the full-time leadership as it comes in.”
Ideally, Trump would have his team on the ground before he tries to overhaul the government. But, Stier said, with a project this immense and political capital already waning, he doesn’t have the luxury of waiting. “The clock is not their friend,” he said.
What follows is a transcript of our conversation, edited and condensed for clarity.
Russell Berman: The Trump administration wants to reorganize the federal government and reduce wasteful or duplicative functions. How is what President Trump wants to do any different from what recent previous president have sought to do?Max Stier: What’s different here in my view is that first, the seriousness and how early the Trump administration has come to this that’s very important. One of the critical elements to understand is that the types of changes that need to take place in the government aren’t ones that get done with the stroke of the pen. They’re the proverbial long march. They take real time, and one of the challenges that prior efforts have run into is the clock has run out before the administration’s actually been able to achieve all or most of the benefit that was pursued. And so the idea that the Trump team has begun, within its first 100 days, a serious reform effort I think is really important, because they have a better opportunity to actually see something through.
The second element that I think is fundamental and not unique, but nonetheless is unusual, is that you have top-level White House commitment and prioritization to this effort. And again, what you’ve seen in prior administrations is work in this field, but it doesn’t often involve the very top of the house. These changes are difficult. They run contrary to the norms in Washington, where policy is king, and getting the policy done effectively gets second or third shrift. What we have here is a commitment from a very important actor, Jared Kushner, the team he’s put together, the [Office of Management and Budget] director Mick Mulvaney. You have at least at the front end a stated commitment at the very top of the house to focus on this and make it a priority. And it won’t get done otherwise.
The third element is that it appears to be an effort to align the government reform effort with the budget effort and the resources that will be necessary to make this real. That is fundamental as well. If you imagine the management changes as taking place in a vacuum, you won't get them done, and even if you get something done, it won't become integral to the actual operations of government. And so the idea of trying to create a change process that pulls together priorities, budget, and human resources to me is very critical.
What are the risks here? One is that the administration can’t do this alone. It’s in essence like dancing alone. They have to have Congress as an active partner. Congress needs to be involved not just at the back end but at the very front end too, and they have to play. If you think about prior changes that don't occur, not only the legislative requirements of congressional involvement, it's also the budgetary engagement, and it's important that the changes get reflected in the way Congress actually operates as well. So as an example, with the creation of the Department of Homeland Security, every recommendation of the 9/11 Commission was completed except for one, and that was Congress aligning itself to the new executive branch organizational chart. And because they didn’t do it, you have a Department of Homeland Security leadership that responds to 80-plus committees and subcommittees in Congress, and that creates a lot of wasted time and confusion.
Berman: What are the one or two ways that the Trump administration and the president himself is in a better position to make this happen, to be successful in this effort, and what are one or two ways in which it is in a worse position?
Stier: I think the fact that they are coming to this at the very beginning and that they're taking it seriously from the perspective of having the top-of-the-house commitment to it is how they are setting themselves up for a better chance of success.
There are ways in which the Trump administration is going to be challenged. One of the more fundamental is that they don’t yet have very many of their leaders in place across the government. The natural leaders of this effort will be the deputy secretaries of the various agencies, and they so far have only one confirmed and in place. So that presents a real challenge for them.
They will need to engage the career workforce in a serious way to make this happen, and it will have to be viewed as a partnership between the political leadership and the career workforce. We have yet to see whether they understand that. The truth is that the people who know best what kinds of changes need to take place are the people who live, breathe, and sweat blood and tears over trying to make our government work better. And they’re the ones that are harmed in many ways most by some of the inefficiencies in government. And they will know best how to make the changes happen, so engaging them successfully will be critical.
Berman: Do you get the sense that they're doing it, or are they going to be further challenged because some of their rhetoric has been seen as antagonizing the civilian workforce?
Stier: There is an enormous reservoir of goodwill that is still there among the civil servants. They view their job as serving the American public through the political leadership. I think that still remains. It can be squandered, but I think that the Trump team has the opportunity of really engaging them.
I think bluntly that the plan itself, the ‘plan for the plan,’ is the product of many hands, and critical in that mix has been the career team at the Office of Management and Budget that has helped put this together. So I think that's a good example where they had the expertise in-house, and they used it. And they need to do that at the agency level as well if they're going to be successful.
Berman: One of the headline goals of the effort is to reduce the size of the civilian workforce. There’s a lot of talk about reduction, elimination of programs, staffing etc. Is this the correct goal, and if not, why not?
Stier: That’s very important, too. To the extent the effort here around the workforce itself is looking at workforce size in order to achieve the stated priorities, the goals of the administration and our government, then that makes sense. If the workforce reductions become a goal in and of themselves, then I think we lose—both in terms of the stated outcome, better government, and in terms of the engagement of the federal workforce itself. Public servants in large numbers—and there’s always going to be some exception—are there because they care about trying to make the American government serve the public better, and there are a lot of ways in which they're going to have ideas that they want to see implemented. As long as they understand that the goal is to produce better service for the public even if it means that there are going to be reductions in the jobs that exist for them, they will still support it and try to make it happen. If the goal itself is just to get rid of the jobs, then I think it’s a lose-lose proposition for everybody.
Berman: What kinds of changes can the Trump administration on its own, and what will require acts of Congress to carry out?Stier: Whenever there’s a change that’s going to require significant reorganization of agencies—structural reorganizations, getting rids of parts or wholes of organizations, merging them, things that require movement of money or more money to achieve—they’re going to officially require congressional action. But the broader point is that even in areas that you might not need direct congressional approval or funding that Congress has specifically for an activity, it's still wise to engage Congress in this reform effort. Because they're going to have interest and can either prevent or facilitate changes even where they wouldn't otherwise have to be involved. One example that comes to mind is an agency that was trying to consolidate a bunch of its field offices, and there were a lot of congressional pushback, and ultimately Congress prevented it from happening because there were individual members of Congress who were concerned about the loss of job or investments in their districts.
Berman: We know that if Congress doesn’t appropriate the money, the government can’t spend it. But does it work in reverse? If Congress wants to appropriate money for programs or for agencies, can the government choose not to spend it, or are they required to spend what Congress gives them?
Stier: They don’t have to spend everything that Congress gives them, and in fact, the agencies often try to spend the money that Congress gives them because they’re worried that by not doing so, it will look like they don't actually need the money. So there are some perverse incentives that exist out there.
Congress can tell the executive what it should be doing, what it should be trying to achieve, and it can then appropriate money in order to do it, but the administration doesn't have to spend all that money to make that happen.
Berman: So as we’ve talked about, they are behind in staffing up below the Cabinet level, both in the Senate-confirmed positions and in the ones that don't require Senate confirmation. Is it putting the cart before the horse? How can they expect to get good recommendations for reorganizing the government before they actually have people in these agencies seeing how they are functioning?
Stier: In an ideal world, they would have their team on the ground. The clock is not their friend, nor is it ever any new administration’s friend. The time goes fast. The demands are overwhelming. To make changes in the way the government is managed requires you to be smart about using every minute you have. So I don't think they have the luxury of waiting to have their entire team in place before they move forward on these issues.
The content and the substance are much more likely to be coming from the career team than anywhere else. They understand what the problems are and what the best solutions are, what's been tried in the past, what's failed and why, and what's worked better than anybody else.
Berman: In its appointments process, in what areas would you give the Trump administration the best grades—where have they excelled the most—and where have they stumbled the most?
Stier: Well, they're behind. To be clear, no prior administration has done this process well. And right now, the Trump administration is further behind even these historical norms. I think that's become even more problematic because the world is a more dangerous and faster-moving place, and part of what you need is a team that can react effectively and quickly in this very challenging environment. So they moved quickly on getting a Cabinet named, but beyond that, they're falling behind the historical norms, which in my view are themselves not good enough.
Berman: Just because political appointees aren’t in these agencies doesn’t mean they are a sea of empty desks. There are temporary people and career civil servants staffing the government. What is the practical difference? Beyond the simple numbers, why does it matter that the political appointees aren’t in place?
Stier: My view is that the acting individuals, no matter how capable they are, are akin to the substitute teacher. When I say substitute teacher, we all have that vision of somebody who isn't treated super well by the class because they don't view that the substitute teacher has real authority. And they certainly don't have longterm tenure, and as a result, they themselves typically don't take on the hard challenges or view the choices that they’re making from that longterm lens. And the people around them understand that any choice they make may be changed by the full-time leadership as it comes in. Their teammates, the other people around them, don't invest in them to create a smooth functioning team.
So how does that translate to what we see in government? In my view, what ends up happening when you're dealing with the acting officials is sort of twofold: One, you typically don't get the kind of intense and effective focus on an agenda. So for a president that means that they are less likely to move forward with the things that they committed to doing with any effectiveness. Then on the reactive side, if any when something goes wrong, when there's a crisis, it's hard for those individuals to actually perform at the level that you want them to. Both individually and then collectively. So there’s a real risk.



ARTICLE
As Donald Trump jettisons his “America First” campaign promises at an accelerating pace, the populist nationalist political movement that roared into power with him is beginning to resemble a paper tiger.
Trump’s march to the GOP nomination last spring demonstrated there’s a substantial audience within the party’s rank and file—particularly among older and blue-collar Republicans—for the nationalist movement’s insular themes of resistance to trade, immigration, and foreign alliances, and embrace of government spending that benefits economically strained workers and retirees.
But Trump’s tumultuous first months in office have shown with equal clarity that such an agenda has extremely little institutional support inside the GOP beyond a constellation of sympathetic media outlets (like Breitbart News) and talk-radio and cable-television hosts (such as Laura Ingraham and Sean Hannity). Lacking many champions in Congress, think tanks, conservative interest groups, or the business community, many of the movement’s most distinctive ideas—say, confronting China over trade or protecting the mostly white older population from budget cuts—have been rapidly losing ground to more conventional GOP interests and priorities.
“Within the Republican Party, there is not a lot of institutional support for what we understood to be Trumpism during the campaign,” said Peter Wehner, a frequent Trump critic who ran the White House Office of Strategic Initiatives for George W. Bush. “It was so idiosyncratic to him. You didn’t have people running around saying they were Trump Republicans like [there were] a couple of generations ago saying they were Reagan Republicans.”
This broader struggle over the direction of the administration and the party has inevitably been personalized into a tale of personal intrigue between Stephen Bannon, Trump’s rumpled senior strategist and leading proponent of a racially tinged economic nationalism, and Jared Kushner, the president’s silky son-in-law who has emerged as a rallying point for more traditional GOP voices skeptical of that agenda.
Defining this sort of tension as a battle between competing advisers “for the president’s soul” is a familiar Washington construct. During the Ronald Reagan administration, the debate over its direction was often reduced to a conflict between supposed “pragmatists,” led by chief of staff James Baker, and “movement conservatives” revolving around White House counselor Ed Meese. In Bill Clinton’s first years, the White House was seen as divided between “New Democrats,” like policy and political advisers Bruce Reed and Rahm Emanuel, and more traditional liberals aligned with congressional Democrats, like adviser George Stephanopoulos.
But while there often were genuine personal tensions between those competing camps—and the comparable power centers that emerged in other administrations—the larger issue was that each camp reflected elements of the party coalition that the president could not ignore. The waxing and waning of each individual’s influence inside the White House was usually a barometer of which set of party interests the president at any given moment felt it most necessary to accommodate.
In some ways, Trump’s situation is reminiscent of Clinton’s when he took office in 1993, after running as a “new Democrat” who pledged to challenge “brain-dead politics in both parties.” Clinton, to put it mildly, had a much more detailed understanding of policy than Trump does. But he faced a similar political challenge: He had campaigned and won on a new direction for his party that had little support among its existing institutions. There were relatively few Democrats truly attuned to his message that Clinton could appoint to fill the departments and agencies; few members of Congress entirely on board with his agenda; and, apart from the centrist Democratic Leadership Council, few party institutions supporting the elements of his program that most departed from Democratic orthodoxy. (Those elements included passing the North American Free Trade Agreement, shrinking the federal workforce, and reforming welfare to require work.)
The tension between Clinton’s desire to reposition the party and the entrenched preferences of almost all of its other power centers contributed enormously to the turbulence of his first two years. Only after Democrats lost control of Congress in 1994—in a backlash against that chaos—did Clinton feel sufficiently liberated to pursue his new direction over the continuing opposition of much of his party’s infrastructure. That declaration of independence, crystallized in his strategy of “triangulation,” set him on a path toward reelection in 1996.
Trump finds himself in a similar initial position with few potential appointees steeped in his agenda and few other party power centers committed to its most distinctive elements, like the reconsideration of free trade and international alliance. Even more so than Clinton in his first months, Trump, as if through magnetic force, is finding himself pulled by this power imbalance toward the agenda that dominated his party before he arrived.
“To state the obvious, [the institutional imbalance] is going to make it all but impossible for President Trump to march very far down the trail candidate Trump blazed,” said William Galston, former deputy domestic-policy adviser for Clinton and now a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution. “That’s the fact of the matter. I have to say that he is yielding to that fact at a pace I can only describe as breathtaking.”
Against that backdrop, the widespread reports that Bannon will either leave the administration or survive only with curtailed responsibility personifies the shift toward the party’s more traditional and internationalist elements over the insurgent nationalist forces that headlined the campaign.
Both GOP wings agree on several fronts, from reducing federal regulation to cutting taxes to advancing conservative social priorities, like expanding gun-owners’ rights. But where the two camps diverge, Trump in recent weeks has consistently tilted away from his nationalist campaign rhetoric and toward more conventional GOP positions on a stunning list of issues. As Wehner put it, Trump in just weeks has hurtled “from Bannon-esque, apocalyptic, racial nationalism to Goldman Sachs, conventional, elite liberalism with nothing in between.”
On trade, this shift includes indications that the administration is seeking much less sweeping change to NAFTA than Trump suggested during the campaign; his embrace of the federal Export-Import Bank after earlier criticism; his suggestion that he will not accuse China of manipulating its currency, as he threatened to do; and his astonishingly open acknowledgement that he will sublimate confrontation with China on trade to cooperation from Beijing in restraining North Korea.
In foreign policy, Trump has sent cruise missiles into Syria after loudly declaring his intention to steer clear of Middle Eastern entanglements; declared that he no longer considers NATO “obsolete”; and, more broadly, has seen his key advisers denounce Russia and Vladimir Putin, even though nationalists like Bannon had long portrayed him as a potential ally in what they view as a civilizational struggle against Islamic terrorists.
In domestic policy, Trump has blurred his campaign pledge to protect entitlement programs for the predominantly white older population by embracing the House Republican replacement for the Affordable Care Act, which would have significantly reduced coverage and raised costs for older working adults. After candidate Trump repeatedly rejected changes to Medicare, Mick Mulvaney, Trump’s Office of Management and Budget director, this week sent a very different signal, by telling John Harwood of CNBC that the administration would be willing to discuss House Speaker Paul Ryan’s long-standing goal of converting the program into a premium-support or voucher system.
Trump’s shift on all of these subjects underscores the enormous power imbalance within the GOP coalition. Apart from favorable media outlets, there are few institutions promoting the nationalist direction he promised. There’s no leading conservative think tank, for instance, stocked with experts fleshing out an “America First” economic or diplomatic strategy—or providing a roster of potential appointees to advance those ideas through the grinding policymaking process. The congressional Republican who might have led the charge on Capitol Hill for the nationalist agenda, former Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions, surrendered his seat to become Trump’s attorney general.
On the other side is a phalanx of established Republican interests—from the business community to leading conservative think tanks to most members of Congress—committed to pre-Trump approaches. Those include openness to trade and international alliances, skepticism of Putin, and a determination to shrink almost all domestic government spending, including on the retirement programs that Trump promised to protect. While those forces failed to constrain Trump during the campaign, their influence is clearly weighing more heavily in governing.
The exception that proves this rule is immigration. On that issue, Trump has sustained his campaign-era rhetoric and agenda far more resolutely than on trade or diplomatic affairs. One reason may be that immigrants, especially those who are undocumented, don’t have nearly as many institutional defenders inside the GOP coalition as open trade does, for example. (Few House or Senate Republicans represent large immigrant populations.) Still, it’s an unsettled question whether Trump will pursue his campaign pledge to also seek reductions in legal immigration—which would face more resistance from Republican interests.
As Galston noted, on all these fronts Trump has many fewer reinforcements than Reagan did when he imposed his imprint on the GOP after 1980. “Reagan inserted himself at the head of a conservative movement that had been swelling for 16 years [since the Barry Goldwater campaign in 1964],” Galston said. “So they had the invaluable possession of a blueprint for government reform and policy reform about which a substantial amount of intellectual infrastructure had been created over a full generation. And the Republican Party by the time Reagan showed up … had some practice negotiating its internal differences. Just the reverse is true this time. It’s as though Trump parachuted in from the moon and in effect won the presidency as an independent candidate running as a Republican. Movement conservatives don’t think of him as a real conservative, or as much of a real Republican.”
Facing this institutional asymmetry, advocates of Trump’s populist nationalism are increasingly pinning their hopes on what amounts to a political pincer movement: They hope Trump can change the party from above by connecting with an evolving party grassroots.
Trump’s success in last year’s GOP primaries undeniably showed his insular nationalist promises had appeal within the party, particularly among the growing ranks of non-college-educated Republicans who keyed his nomination. Exit polls, for instance, showed that while primary participants who supported deporting most undocumented immigrants represented a minority of GOP voters in all but two states, those voters preferred Trump by such large margins that they provided a majority of his votes almost everywhere. A survey last fall by the Chicago Council on Global Affairs found that non-college-educated Republicans were more skeptical than their college-educated counterparts about free trade, globalization, and the value of NATO. And Ryan’s plan to convert Medicare into a premium-support system has long faced preponderant opposition in polls from the blue-collar and older whites who still express the most support for Trump.
The flip side is that Trump’s agenda, rhetoric, and style inspire more resistance from white-collar whites than Republicans usually confront—a dynamic that was evident from the primaries through the general election, and through his first weeks in office.
The key to party change will be Trump’s success in mobilizing the grassroots elements of the GOP coalition open to a nationalist message, argued J. Hogan Gidley, a longtime GOP communications strategist. Gidley advised the presidential campaigns of both Rick Santorum and Mike Huckabee, who pioneered many of the blue-collar conservative themes that Trump championed. He also advised the pro-Trump political action committee founded by Robert and Rebekah Mercer, the conservative megadonors close to Bannon.
Gidley acknowledged there is little institutional backing inside the GOP for the views all of those figures have touted. Asked where the Trump administration’s nationalists could turn for support beyond supportive media voices like Hannity, Ingraham, or Ann Coulter, Gidley said: “I don’t know that they have anywhere to turn.”
But, he argued, Trump can topple that power structure. “That’s what he was elected to do, to shake things up,” Gidley said. “I think he is going to make deals with Republicans, with the [House] Freedom Caucus, with Democrats when he has to. Donald Trump, because he commands the bully pulpit of the White House, can reshape much of the Republican Party.”
But many others question whether Trump has the skill, tenacity, or even the interest to engage in the sort of sustained struggle to redirect his party that Bill Clinton undertook. Wehner cautioned that even Trump’s turn back to more conventional conservative thinking in recent weeks probably isn’t the last bend in the road.  
“What he will end up doing is what he thinks will be in the best interest of Donald Trump,” Wehner said. “During the campaign, he believed the best interest of Donald Trump was to inflame some of the darker impulses of America and say things that are outrageous and fan conspiracy theories. Now I suspect he is seeing the Bannon approach isn’t working and will lead to a failed presidency, and he’s thinking about jettisoning that. I really think he’s ideologically rootless and could end up anywhere.”



ARTICLE
CHICAGO—A weary Barack Obama stood before the nation in January and delivered a message. “If you’re disappointed by your elected officials,” he said in his farewell address, “grab a clipboard, get some signatures, and run for office yourself.”
Mehrunisa Qayyum took the call to action personally. “I’m tired of being disappointed with my local officials,” the 30-something told me. When the local Democratic Party asked her to make a bid for Downers Grove Township trustee—“city council for the suburbs,” she explained—she decided to try running for office for the first time.
Qayyum is a progressive post-election fantasy come true. She’s a Muslim woman who’s getting civically involved in a purple district: In 2016, Downers Grove went 52 to 42 percent for Hillary Clinton, but 49 to 46 percent for Mark Kirk, the Republican U.S. senator who tried and failed to hold his seat against a challenge from Tammy Duckworth, a Democrat.
Qayyum isn’t alone. Reema Ahmad, a political consultant and organizer who works with the Muslim community, counted some three dozen Muslims running for local office in the Chicago area on April 4, when municipal elections were held. Motivated in part by the election of a president who campaigned on banning foreign Muslims from entering the country, some American Muslims are seeking a voice in politics—not just as voters, but as candidates.
“Civic engagement is my bread and butter,” Ahmad said. “I’ve not seen this before.”
Some Muslims have been involved in Chicago politics for a long time, especially those who are African American, according to Ahmad. The difference this year, she said, is that regular people who haven’t previously been politically engaged have decided to run.
“Ten years ago, if you had a Muslim who wanted to run, it was usually a wealthier person … [with] some type of professional degree who says, ‘I’m going to run for Congress!’” she said. “It’s been exciting to see people … recognize that it’s at the local level that you really are creating policies that impact our day-to-day lives.”
Qayyum and others like her are trying to find their role in this political moment, when Muslims are a constant topic of national discussion. But they’re also discovering something else: Local politics are hard. As Obama said in January, “Sometimes you’ll win, sometimes you’ll lose … And there will be times when the process will disappoint you.” A new class of leaders who are younger and more ethnically and religiously diverse may be stepping up to run for office. Taking back the government, however, isn’t as easy as it may sound.
Technically, Asma Akhras’s April 4 race for Indian Prairie Library trustee was uncontested. But she tried to keep that relatively quiet. The 42-year-old sees this election as a practice round for Muslims in her community, many of whom haven’t been that politically engaged, she said. “I want people to go vote!”
“Trump’s election has exponentially reaffirmed the need to be civically engaged.”
On a sunny Saturday afternoon before the election, Akhras set out with her cousin Suzanne to knock on doors in an orderly neighborhood with perfectly square green lawns in their hometown of Darien, about 30 minutes from Chicago. A relative agreed to print big, red campaign stickers for Akhras for free, and she was handing them out to raise her profile in the community. The library election may be her first, but she’s hoping to run for bigger positions in the future.
Canvassing can often be boring and tedious—say your name, talk about your candidacy, hand people a sticker before they shut the door—but for Akhras, it also feels freighted because she’s visibly Muslim. Other than the bright blue scarf she wore twirled in a knot at the nape of her neck, she might be any other suburban mom: She wore Chucks and jeans and a vest, and speaks with a Midwestern lilt. Like 89 percent of Downers Grove, the broader township where Akhras lives, she looks white; her Syrian heritage left her with fair skin.
But the hijab seems to short-circuit people’s brains, Akhras said. She works with teachers all over her area, yet a police officer once insisted on escorting her as she walked through a school. She has served on a local volunteer foundation board for years, and some of her fellow board members still can’t remember how to pronounce her name. Recently, she was screamed at by a lady in Walgreen’s. Ostensibly, the conflict was about Akhras’s parking job, but Akhras thought the woman’s aggression was really about her scarf.
It’s all little stuff that may or may not be clearly connected to her Muslim identity, but those incidents create a lens for reading every encounter. At one house we visited, an angry elderly man pointed at a sign on his door saying “No solicitations” and raised his voice. “I didn’t want you to talk to me!” he said. “Can you read that?” Safely away from the stoop, Akhras turned to me. “That’s exactly the point,” she said. “Because of my scarf … [it’s] like we don’t read, or are not educated.”
Akhras has wanted to try running for half a decade, but when her youngest child got cancer, that became impossible. This year, with her daughter’s illness under control and a high-stakes national election playing out, she felt like it was time. “Trump’s election has exponentially reaffirmed the need to be civically engaged,” she said. “This is my way in my little neighborhood.”
“I think there’s a political awakening in our country. I’m one of those people.”
Running for library trustee is complicated. Akhras gathered signatures to get her name on the ballot while canvassing for the Duckworth senatorial campaign this fall, but stopped at 50, the minimum number. A couple of days before she had to turn in her candidate form, she met with political organizers who told her she needed more in case any names were contested. She trudged through a snowstorm that weekend to get another two dozen, rushing to the municipal office early the next week to make sure her name appeared first on the ballot.
The logistical challenges of running for office are much greater if the race is actually competitive. Anisha Ismail Patel, a 43-year-old who lives 45 minutes north of Akhras in the suburb of Arlington Heights, owns an education consultancy, but she set her projects aside when she decided to run for school board. Patel started out as a one-woman campaign, but over time, she built up a 50-person volunteer staff, including Lillian, an intern on a post-high-school gap year, and Samara, her 11-year-old daughter.
This fall, the Chicago Tribune published a letter to the editor from Samara, endorsing her mother. “I … am certain that she is an amazing educator,” Samara wrote. “She has been a teacher for elementary and middle school, made teacher-training materials, been a part-time assistant principal, and has even taught basketball!”
“When I first started, I said, ‘No matter what, I want to get to know my community, and different organizations, and be active in my community,’” Patel told me as we wandered through the streets of Arlington Heights, filled with moms schmoozing and kids running around whacking stuff—a standard picturesque suburb. “Now my goal is not only to win, but to win by a high number.”
Every day since early February, she said, she has hit up voter-heavy spots like retirement homes, Parent Teacher Association meetings, and after-school carpool lines. “It’s a lot of time,” Patel said. “You also need financial backing. If you have a full-time job, I’m not sure how you do this.”
People have mostly been friendly, Patel said. One dad stood in his driveway with her for five or 10 minutes, asking about her campaign platform. Patel ticked off her promises—more transparency, better options for full- and half-day kindergarten, fiscal responsibility—stumbling only slightly as she ran through the bullet list in her head. Her religious and ethnic identity don’t change things much, she said. Unlike Akhras, she doesn’t wear a hijab. “I may not face Islamophobia as much because I’m not identifiably Muslim,” she said.
In recent years, Patel said, she’s been in “mom mode”—her 4-year-old “little guy” just started pre-school—and she didn’t know much about local government. Trump’s election made her want to get involved. “I think there’s a political awakening in our country,” she said. “I’m one of those people.”
On election day, Patel won big, at least by municipal-election standards: She got 20 percent of her district’s vote, according to initial tallies. Local races typically get dismal turnout, but she had been hoping that anger about Trump would bring a boost. Unofficial counts say 4,671 ballots were cast—a low-teens percentage of the district’s registered voters, similar to levels for these elections in previous years.
“People are finally coming around to this idea of running for office, not just complaining.”
Despite her victory, Patel still had headaches to resolve. Three of her four kids attend schools in District 25, where she ran, but her house appeared to be one of a handful on her block technically zoned for another district, possibly due to a mapping error. It took several days of back-and-forth with Cook County for the issue to be resolved.
Meanwhile, Qayyum’s run wasn’t so successful: She placed last in a six-way race for Downers Grove Township trustee. The four Republicans on the ballot won, while the two Democrats, including Qayyum, trailed distantly. “It’s kind of like part two of the November election. I’m trying not to take it personally,” she told me. She still thinks running was worth it: “This was the first time in many years that Republicans were scrambling at the last minute to put up their signs and take ours down,” she said.
Like Akhras, who won her uncontested race, she also saw this election as training for Muslims in the area. “A lot of my community, they didn’t know about early voting and mailing [ballots],” she said. “We talked about this being a dry run for the mid-term election. If we find a candidate we really like, regardless of whether he or she is Muslim, now we know how to mobilize.”
The local-politics revolution Democrats were hoping to see from their side after the election hasn’t necessarily happened yet. If suburban Chicago’s municipal elections are any indication, people often vote for their party down the ticket, local officials still labor in relative obscurity, and most folks don’t bother showing up on election day. But new candidates may step up to bear the tedium.
“People are finally coming around to this idea of running for office,” Ahmad said, “not just complaining.”



ARTICLE
The words “I was wrong” do not often pass through the lips of Rick Perlstein, the famously pugnacious left-wing historian of American conservatism. It grabbed attention, then, when that confession headlined Perlstein’s contribution to The New York Times Magazine this week: “I thought I understood the American Right. Trump Proved Me Wrong.”
The content of the confession proved less repentant than the headline. Perlstein’s three books—about Barry Goldwater, Richard Nixon, and Ronald Reagan—depicted an American right that was morally and intellectually repellent: reactionary, racist, and rapacious. The election of Donald Trump, however, forced Perlstein to rethink and to realize that he had dangerously understated the case, and that the truth was even more appalling than anything he had yet dared to think or write.
I quote intermittently and in some cases a little out of context, but the cumulative effect gives an idea:
Along the way, Perlstein name-checks currently active conservative journalists Jonah Goldberg, Andrew McCarthy, and Lisa Schiffren as exemplars of the continuing dark tradition of right-wing awfulness. Everything else that has been called “conservatism” in the 20th century—from Robert Taft to Mitt Romney—is so much misdirection, false consciousness, or outright deception. "The history of bait-and-switch between conservative electioneering and conservative governance,” Perlstein writes, “is another rich seam that calls out for fresh scholarly excavation.”
Perlstein does himself one injustice in his essay. It’s not quite right that the rise of Donald Trump jolted him into a new appreciation of the Republican Party’s underlying fascism. He has been edging toward that accusation for years, to the increasing consternation of those who praised his first book.
George Packer's review in The New Yorker of Perlstein's third book noted Perlstein’s trajectory.

In his accounts of the sixties, Perlstein had a more complex view of the decade’s political passions—he took pains to understand the mental world inhabited by Goldwater, Nixon, and their partisans. … But, as the story of modern conservatism moves toward the present, Perlstein’s attitude toward it begins to resemble the dismissiveness of those liberal critics, which takes some of the tension out of his dialectics.

In our own pages, Sam Tanenhaus offered a similar criticism of that book.

Perlstein’s gift for energetic caricature and his taste for bizarre incidents have overpowered his impulse to sift through the ideas and beliefs that animate his subjects, and to grapple seriously with a politics rooted in authentic if not always coherent dissent.

The deterioration has only accelerated since then, and it’s worth considering why—not to score points off Perlstein, but to think more deeply together about how (and how not) to do intellectual history.
It’s certainly true that the United States has noteworthy traditions of illiberalism and political violence. The 1920s suffered terrorist violence not only at the hands of the Ku Klux Klan, but also those of anarchist bombers who maimed and killed hundreds of people from 1919 to 1921. From the Civil War to World War II, American labor relations were more violent than those of most other industrialized countries. Four presidents have been assassinated; four others—Theodore Roosevelt, Franklin Roosevelt, Gerald Ford, and Ronald Reagan—only narrowly survived or escaped a bullet. Race riots have ripped apart American cities for almost as long as there have been American cities.
Donald Trump’s campaign for president certainly drew much energy from this long tradition of political violence. So too did some of Trump’s opponents: Protests in Washington, D.C. on Trump’s Inauguration Day did damage to property, sent two police officers to hospital, and led to 200 arrests.  Smaller scale versions of this form of violent protest have targeted colleges—notably Berkeley and Middlebury—that have invited speakers whom rioters deemed sympathetic to Trump’s cause.
So Perlstein is talking about something real. The trouble is the polemical use he wants to make of this reality.
Perhaps a counter-example will clarify the problem.
When conservatives want to rebut accusations of racism, they often deploy the talking point: The Ku Klux Klan—meaning the Klan of the 1860s and 1870s—was founded by Democrats. Rand Paul built a speech at Howard University on the claim; Dinesh D’Souza produced an entire documentary to illustrate it.
The “Democrats founded the Klan” talking point is, of course, literally true. But it’s not deployed in the service of truth. It’s designed as an excuse and an attack, not an explanation.
And so it is with Perlstein’s trope about Trump and the Klan of the 1920s. It’s an important question whether the success of Donald Trump—and the rise of similar authoritarian populists in France and elsewhere in Europe—is the recrudescence of something old or the appearance of something new. The more worried you are about Trump and Trumpism, the more urgent this question should be to you—because only the correct answer will lead to a wise response.
Somehow an explanation of Donald Trump’s political success has to incorporate the fact that Trump won a higher share of the Latino vote and black vote in the presidential election of 2016 than Mitt Romney did in 2012- and that Hillary Clinton did worse with white voters than Barack Obama had done. There’s little question that inter-ethnic animosity explains much about the 2016 vote. But it seems simply blind to pretend that these animosities straightforwardly carry over into 2016 the attitudes and patterns of almost a century ago. The study of continuity and discontinuity is literally the historian’s job. When the historian instead baldly asserts that anything he dislikes is the same as everything else he dislikes—well, then the job of the historian is abdicated.
At the foundation of Perlstein’s intellectual dilemma is the following paradox. Perlstein strongly identifies as a political progressive. Fine for him, it’s a free country. Contemporary progressivism values both cultural cosmopolitanism and also economic egalitarianism; both diversity and equality. People strongly committed to progressive politics can readily take for granted that their two deepest commitments inherently and necessarily belong together. But that’s really not true.
Through most of the history of ideas, the great champions of equality have been xenophobes—not out of bigotry, but because they believed that only a tightly bonded society could suppress the concentration of wealth in the hands of a few. Let Jean-Jacques Rousseau speak for a tradition that commenced with the Greeks and continued to the Jacobins and beyond: The best leaders determine “that his people should never be absorbed by other peoples” and therefore “devised for them customs and practices that should could not be blended into those of other nations.” Ideally: “Each fraternal bond … among the individual members of his republic became a further barrier, separating them from their neighbors and keeping them from becoming one with those neighbors,” he wrote in his Considerations on the Government of Poland. As for more cosmopolitan societies, Rousseau had this disdainful comment in The Social Contract: “The people has less affection for the homeland which is like the whole world in its eyes, and for its fellow citizens, most of whom are foreigners to it.”
Those who have delighted in cosmopolitanism, by contrast, have historically attached little importance to equality. “We continue still to repine,” wrote David Hume, "that our neighbours should possess any art, industry, and invention; forgetting that, had they not first instructed us, we should have been at present barbarians; and did they not still continue their instructions, the arts must fall into a state of languor, and lose that emulation and novelty, which contribute so much to their advancement.” This instruction was obtained by trade—and of course trade brings inequality with it. "Commerce encreases industry, by conveying it readily from one member of the state to another, and allowing none of it to perish or become useless,” Hume wrote. “It encreases frugality, by giving occupation to men, and employing them in the arts of gain, which soon engage their affection, and remove all relish for pleasure and expence. It is an infallible consequence of all industrious professions, to beget frugality, and make the love of gain prevail over the love of pleasure.”
In American history too, the great egalitarians, like William Jennings Bryan, have often been cultural chauvinists; the great cosmopolitans, like Alexander Hamilton, usually indifferent or hostile to economic equality.
We have observed a very different pattern over the past 40 years, of course. But one thing that seems to have happened in the Trump era is that this familiar pattern has suddenly become unstable. The component parts of the American electorate seem in flux. The wealth and power of the country are moving into the column of the party supposedly of redistribution; disappointment and despair into the party supposedly of enterprise.
The Second Klan of the 1920s originated in the Deep South, then rapidly spread after 1919 into the then most dynamic regions of the country: New York and Long Island; Detroit and Pittsburgh: Philadelphia and the anthracite Belt; the Pacific Northwest and Los Angeles. The Trump vote, by contrast, is concentrated in the least dynamic areas of the country. The 2,600 counties won by Trump produce only about one-third of America’s wealth. Trump did well where people suffer most from diabetes, and where opiate overdoses take most lives. The Second Klan offered a defiant cultural counter-revolution; the Trump vote could be seen as the despair of defeated people—something more like the William Jennings Bryan candidacies.
If this analysis is correct, then the appropriate source of concern for the American future is not Trump’s duped voters, but the politician who did the duping—and the story to tell is not that of the remorseless rise of fascism in the people, but the failure of popular institutions to resist and contain the ambitions and impulses of a charismatic authoritarian without a popular mandate.



ARTICLE
Updated on April 17, 2017 at 9:59 a.m.
On Saturday, protesters gathered in cities across the United States, and around the world, to demand that President Trump release his tax returns, in an early test of the strength and staying power of the grassroots movement that has mobilized in opposition to the new administration.
The tax marches may be the biggest political demonstration to take place since the Women’s March in January. But they were never expected to match the record turnout of that event, which has been estimated to be the largest mass mobilization ever recorded in a single day in United States history.
High turnout for the Women’s March focused attention on the record low approval ratings with which Donald Trump entered office, but it inevitably set a high bar against which future demonstrations will be compared.
“The Tax March is likely to be smaller than the Women’s March, but I wouldn’t necessarily say that’s a sign that activism has diminished,” said Erica Chenoweth, a professor at the University of Denver who tracks political protest crowd estimates. “For now, the Women’s March is definitely an outlier. It was a very unique day in U.S. history, but I wouldn’t say that means activists have maxed out their potential for mobilization. It just means we haven’t seen it matched yet.”
The Crowd Counting Consortium, a project that compiles crowd estimates for political events in the United States, has not yet finalized its own tallies for the Tax March, but event organizers claim that over 25,000 people showed up in Washington, D.C. on Saturday.
If that estimate holds, it would exceed the estimated turnout of 15,000 people in Atlanta in 2009, the largest recorded crowd size for a single Tea Party Tax Day rally. But the Washington Tax March crowd estimate is far smaller than the number of people who attended the Women’s March in D.C., which drew an estimated 725,000 people, according to the Crowd Counting Consortium.
Record-setting crowds at the Women’s March, as well as ongoing protests aimed at sending a message to the president like the Tax March, are clear indicators that Trump’s administation continues to drive grassroots activism. The Tax March is also just one of several protests scheduled  to take place this month, including rallies in support of science and climate action.
The difference in crowd size between the Women’s March and the Tax March may be a function of the extent to which progressives perceive an immediate threat, and the scope of the event. The Women’s March was a chance to make a generalized statement of defiance to the incoming president. Trump’s tax returns are a more targeted focus.
“The reason the Women’s March was so big was that it was the first opportunity to stand up in resistance to the new administration. It was an explosive moment, like a cork popping out of a bottle,” said Joe Dinkin, a spokesperson for the Working Families Party, one of the groups helping to organize Tax March rallies.
“Today, we're looking at a sprawling movement of resistance to Trump that spans from weekly marches to thousands of town hall meetings, to elections,” Dinkin added. “The Tax March will be only a fraction as big as the Women's March, because the movement is expanding in so many different directions right now, but it will be big and it will prove how wrong Trump is when he says only the media cares about his taxes.”
Trump has indeed said that “the reporters” are “the only ones” who care about his tax returns, but polling indicates that in fact most Americans do want him to release them. The issue is one that both Democrats and Republicans care about, though Democrats seem to care more. In January, Pew Research Center found that 79 percent of Democrats said the president has a responsibility to publicly release his tax returns, compared to 38 percent of Republicans.
Even so, concern over the issue may have diminished over time. A Bloomberg/ Morning Consult poll conducted in April shows that 53 percent of voters believe the president should be required to disclose his tax returns, while 51 percent rank the issue as important. But as Time points out, that’s less than the 62 percent of voters who said that it was important for candidates to release their tax returns in a separate survey prior to the election.
Specific policy issues may galvanize liberals and progressives, in much the way that opposition to the stalled GOP attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act did. But it may be challenging to maintain consistently elevated levels of activist participation when hot-button issues fade from the headlines. Protests may also arise in response to specific actions taken by the administration. When the administration banned travel from seven majority Muslim nations, thousands of people rushed to protest the directive in airports and cities across the country.
Even if future protests during the Trump era don’t match the size of the Women’s March, the demonstrations may have already set in motion a chain reaction that increases civic engagement and leads to significant political impacts.
Research published in 2013 in the Quarterly Journal of Economics found that the Tax Day marches convened by the Tea Party in 2009 were not just a symptom of political energy: They translated into increased Republican turnout in subsequent congressional elections, and inspired elected representatives who witnessed protests in their districts to vote more conservatively.
Ongoing demonstrations could be a harbinger of higher Democratic voter turnout in upcoming elections, and may help lay the groundwork for future movement building on the political left. In the aftermath of the election, progressive organizers have also been putting pressure on their members of Congress to oppose elements of Trump’s agenda by calling their offices and showing up at town halls across the country.
There are already indications that energized liberals are channeling their energy into elections. The Democratic candidate in a congressional special election in Kansas lost last week, but performed significantly better than political observers had predicted. Meanwhile, money has poured in at a rapid clip to bolster the Democratic candidate in an upcoming Georgia special election for a House seat.
Turnout for protests is just one part of a larger political landscape. Protests also can’t provide a comprehensive picture of how Americans feel about Trump’s presidency on their own. According to Gallup’s latest polling, 55 percent of Americans disapprove of the president. If Trump’s popularity sinks lower, there will likely be an uptick in opposition to his agenda, whether in the form of grassroots protest or pushback in Congress. If the president’s approval rating rises, there may be fewer protests, and smaller crowd sizes.



ARTICLE
The Trump administration announced it will no longer disclose White House visitor logs, citing “grave national security risks and privacy concerns.” The U.S. Department of Justice withdrew its lawsuit against North Carolina over the state’s “bathroom bill,” which barred transgender people from using bathrooms corresponding with their gender identities. The North Korean military threatened to attack major U.S. military bases in South Korea. Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi warned that “conflict could break out at any moment” amid concerns over North Korea. The Afghan Defense Ministry said the bomb that the U.S. military dropped on ISIS Thursday killed 36 militants.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.
The Divide on Syria: A majority of Democratic voters don’t agree with Donald Trump’s order to strike a Syrian air base, according to a new Gallup poll. But only a handful of congressional Democrats have spoken out against the action. Why? (Jeff Stein, Vox)
Behind Closed Doors: Since entering office, Donald Trump has nominated a Supreme Court justice, an attorney general, and an interior secretary who were backed by gun-rights groups. He has also quietly loosened a number of Obama-era gun regulations. (Anita Kumar, McClatchy)
Shaking Things Up: Democratic Lieutenant Governor Ralph Northam’s bid for Virginia’s governor seat initially appeared to be an easy victory. That is until Democratic Representative Tom Perriello entered the race. (Kevin Robillard, Politico)
A Global Mixed Reaction: A number of world leaders—including Jordan’s King Abdullah II and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe—welcomed President Trump with open arms and expressed high hopes for his presidency. Other U.S. allies, however, are more skeptical. (John T. Bennett, Roll Call)
‘Health Care for All’: In a standing-room-only town hall meeting Thursday, Arizona’s Republican Senator Jeff Flake faced a barrage of questions from angry constituents. Topics of concern ranged from the senator’s Obamacare opposition to Trump’s proposed border wall. (Dan Nowicki, The Arizona Republic)
Explosive: New satellite images indicate that North Korea may be preparing for its sixth nuclear test in a decade. View these signs of what could be the country’s most powerful test yet. (William J. Broad, Kenan Davis, and Jugal K. Patel, The New York Times)
This week, we asked our Politics & Policy Daily readers what their preferred leisure activity would be if they were president. Visit our Notes section to view the responses, but here’s a preview:
Christopher Round, an avid judo practitioner, said:

I’ve done it most of my life and would probably ask to have mats put down at the White House. [Russian President Vladimir] Putin and I would have the same hobby. Perhaps a meeting on the mat to take down his tough guy image (see what I did there?)

And reader Dirk Bloemendaal would play three specific strategy games to keep his brain active during his time off:

Risk: To learn how geo-strategy woks (and where Kamchatka is);

Jenga: To learn that later moves are predicated upon earlier moves, and that failure can cause the entire structure to collapse; and

Chess: To learn how to think more than one move ahead.

Thanks for responding, and stay tuned for next week’s Question of the Week contest.
-Written by Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
No one symbolizes the populist nationalism on which Donald Trump ran more than White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, the former chairman of Breitbart News.
So Bannon’s newly precarious position in the administration—an ascendant, more centrist faction associated with Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner is trying to take him down--is about more than just Bannon the man. It is about id versus superego. It’s about the place of the hard right in the administration, and whether the movement spearheaded by Bannon can govern. And if Bannon goes, the backlash could be considerable. In fact, even with him still in the White House, that backlash has  already begun, with some of Trump’s most vocal supporters becoming restive over his flip-flops on Syria, China, the Ex-Im bank and other issues.
“I think that Steve has come to be the symbol of keeping the flame of the Trump revolution in the White House,” said Sam Nunberg, a former Trump adviser. “So I would assume that there would be hysteria all over talk radio and conservative media were Steve not in the White House and the White House would be run by Democrats.” Nunberg specified that he was referring to Gary Cohn, Trump’s top economic adviser, who is among Bannon’s greatest opponents and who has become a target of Bannon allies in the right-wing media.
“Bannon isn't a red line for me, but I'm already feeling apathetic,” said “new right” pro-Trump blogger and Twitter personality Mike Cernovich, who has recently been among those tweeting a #KeepBannon hashtag. (There’s also a related protest planned for outside the White House on Saturday.) “Messaging from Trump's administration sounds like what we'd have received from Mitt Romney. Trump's base won't turn on him as much as they'll check out.”
Bannon’s fall from grace began in earnest last week, when he was removed from the principals’ committee of the National Security Council. His position there had been controversial from the start, as political advisors do not normally serve on the committee. Bannon and his allies presented the move as not a demotion but instead just part of the plan, with Bannon telling me reports he had threatened to quit were “absurd.”
Since then, both Bannon and chief of staff Reince Priebus have been seen as in danger of losing their jobs. The two have formed an alliance under pressure after initially appearing to be at odds.
“Yeah, I think there’s gonna be a backlash,” said Lee Stranahan, a former Breitbart News reporter who quit the site after conflict with its Washington editor Matt Boyle. “What I’ve been trying to do is factually make people aware that there’s a solid reason for the backlash and it’s not just personality but ideology. Trump did not run on what Ivanka Trump and her circle of friends want.”
Kushner, Ivanka Trump, Cohn, and Dina Powell—the deputy national security advisor—have formed a rising center of power within the White House as Bannon’s position becomes more threatened. The Kushner-Cohn axis is seen as pushing Trump in a more centrist direction. According to a source close to the White House, Kushner and Cohn want to control the Chief of Staff position, “and they know there’s an expiration date on Reince’s forehead but they now realize Steve is a problem for them.” Bannon is “alone and he’s surrounded,” said longtime Trump confidant Roger Stone on MSNBC on Thursday.
Bannon and Kushner held a meeting last week that was intended to mend fences. And Bannon’s side, the source said, believed an agreement had been reached. But then Joe Scarborough, who Bannon allies believe is close with Kushner’s camp, repeatedly attacked Bannon on television and on Twitter this week. And in the most troubling sign, Trump himself appeared to distance himself from Bannon in an interview with the New York Post, saying Bannon “was not involved in my campaign until very late” and emphasizing that he is his own strategist.
Bannon still has his job as of Friday. But even if he keeps it, the war against him both inside the West Wing and via the media has led to an unavoidable impression of imminent downfall. Daylight is even appearing between him and the young senior adviser for policy Stephen Miller, a former Jeff Sessions aide de camp who has been close with Bannon—and was the subject of a Politico story on Thursday calling him Trump’s new “favorite Steve.” (A senior White House official acknowledged to me that Miller is “sort of becoming his own power center.”)
One source close to the White House told me that Bannon could be “reassigned,” though it’s “TBD” and “There is an attempt to repair the disagreements.” A senior White House official told me talk of a reassignment was “total nonsense.”
“We are focused on dealing with the problems keeping Americans up at night, not the overblown palace intrigue stories the media is obsessed with,” said deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
“It sort of odd because from the inside we’re not feeling that,” said the first senior White House official of the drama surrounding Bannon. “Steve’s around, he does his job. It’s not different.”
This official pointed out that the White House is aware of the potential for backlash if Bannon is removed, and said “the gossip is that he’s not going to leave.”  
“Steve definitely has the pulse of a very significant part of the president’s base, and has had the confidence of the president in terms of communicating with that constituency,” the official said. “Certainly the political folks would be concerned about that issue.”
Another source close to the White House argued that this concern is overblown.
“I think some people at the White House including the president might be overly concerned about this, I really don’t think that’s a problem for them,” the source said. “Steve and Breitbart do not have much pull with conservative media, their influence overstated. They could turn against Trump and he won’t like it for sure, I’m not sure it will matter.”
After running a flurry of anti-Kushner stories, Breitbart has cooled down in recent days. Business Insider reported that Breitbart writers had been ordered by editors to stop attacking Kushner.
But the site’s history with Bannon, who shaped it into the aggressive pro-Trump organ it became over the course of the 2016 election, leaves a lingering threat in the air. Could it be weaponized if he leaves?
“It’ll be open warfare against those that Bannon has dubbed the West Wing Democrats and the people who were behind his fall from grace, from Trump’s good graces,” said Kurt Bardella, a former spokesman for the site. “And I suspect that the ideological and policy direction that Trump takes will come under significant scrutiny from Breitbart and the Laura Ingrahams and Mark Levins of the world.”
“I think that they’ll wait until something definitive happens with Steve’s position until they unleash their dogs of war,” Bardella said.
One friend of Bannon’s argued that Breitbart has actually been caught flat-footed by the twisting allegiances inside the White House, and was unprepared for what became the real threat to Bannon’s position.
“You had some of them fighting with Sean Spicer and Reince Priebus when in reality the real opponents are Gary Cohn, Dina Powell and Jared Kushner, they were the real opposition,” the friend said. “They have been amassing troops at the border ever since November 8.”
“It would be an absolutely massive boon to Breitbart if he returned,” the friend said of Bannon. “I also think it would be a good check on the administration.”
“If I were him, I would look at the outside group very strongly,” the friend said, referring to a pro-Trump political group associated with the Mercer family of Republican donors who are close with Bannon and with Trump called Making America Great. The New York Times reported recently that Rebekah Mercer had held discussions about what Bannon could do if he leaves the White House.
Even despite the fact that Bannon is in place for now, the backlash on the base towards Trump is “massive,” this friend said. “The prevailing consensus is where’s the beef? All the things you’ve campaigned on, all the promises.”
What’s still unclear is how broad the backlash to Trump’s shifts and Bannon’s diminished status truly is , what it means, and whether the unhappiness is shared by a majority of Trump supporters and not just Trump’s most diehard nationalist fans.
Last week I received an email from Patrick Howley, a former Breitbart writer who left last year after the election and is in the process of launching a competing site called Big League Politics.
“I’m declaring war on Gary Cohn,” read the subject line. I asked what he meant. Howley said, “A sustained campaign of opposition research, agitation, and media manipulation intended to completely undermine Gary Cohn in the conservative and populist nationalist movements so that he cannot become White House chief of staff.”
But on Thursday, Howley backed down when I asked him about this again.
Bannon, he said, had not asked him to lay off Cohn. But “I know that he is in a position now where he’s being a team player and not fighting with other people in the White House. He doesn’t have to tell me something for me to take a cue, or Boyle for that matter.”
For now, Bannon is “not gonna resign unless things get really horrific,” said another source close to the White House. But “if he’s neutered, what difference does it make?



ARTICLE
In honor of Passover, let us pose a question: Why is this president different from all other presidents? What if, in fact, he is not? After a series of flip-flops over the last week, there’s a spring bloom of takes arguing that President Trump is just like other presidents, real or hypothetical.
Jonathan Chait, for example, writes that “Donald Trump is just George W. Bush but racist.” Chait points out that Trump has dropped many of the trappings of supposed populism he adopted during the campaign:

He has oriented his domestic policy around traditional Republican priorities: deregulation, especially of the financial sector and fossil fuels, and regressive tax cuts. Report after report finds chief executive officers streaming into the White House and essentially dictating policy.

Then there’s foreign policy. As if Trump’s decision to launch missile strikes against Syria were not a dramatic enough shift, Eli Lake reports that H.R. McMaster, the national security adviser, was working through plans that could put tens of thousands of American troops in Syria as well. It’s reminiscent of Bush’s hawkish interventionism, Chait writes: “The ideological distance between Trump’s economic and foreign policy and George W. Bush’s has collapsed.”
But wait, how can Trump be Bush if he’s actually the woman he defeated in November? Jack Shafer writes that Trump’s recent reversals in an interview with The Wall Street Journal  show that the president has “completed his transformation into a standard chief executive of the United States by espousing many of the hallmark policies one would have associated with President Hillary Clinton.”
Shafer points out that Trump’s White House features Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump, just as Chelsea and Bill would have been players in Hillary’s West Wing. She was criticized as too close to Goldman Sachs, but Trump has turned the investment bank into a farm team for his administration. He charged she’d be under FBI investigation; now he is.
But wait again! Could it be that Trump is not actually Hillary Clinton or George W. Bush, but in fact represents the third term for Barack Obama? Once, he railed against Obama’s choice for Federal Reserve chair and promised to replace her. These days, he’s got positive things to say about her, leading the Financial Times’ Alan Beattie to liken Trump to his predecessor:

Barack Obama's steady-as-she-goes third term in office continues apace. https://t.co/ruOPYbjD0p
— Alan Beattie (@alanbeattie) April 12, 2017
Shafer sees an Obama comparison, too, if in a more superficial sense: “Before and during the campaign, he criticized Obama for golfing instead of tending to whatever crisis in high fermentation that moment .… He’s taken a mulligan on that pledge as president, exceeding Obama’s devotion to the links with gusto.”
And let’s not even touch Jeffrey Lord’s contention that Trump is somehow the Martin Luther King Jr. of health care.
There are some serious flaws in these comparisons. Trump cannot be Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, and George W. Bush. Consider the transitive-property problems: Obama was surely not Bush, even if they did share a fondness for, say, legally dubious foreign drone strikes.
Distilled to their essence, they seem to take the fact that Trump has hired a qualified national security adviser and begun to learn the basics of economic policy, and extrapolated that to mean that he is the same as his predecessors. Trump has moved closer to U.S. policies of the past, but a certain amount of continuity is standard—by design, it takes more than a change of president to turn the entire American government upside down. Other changes are the product of collisions with reality. Trump’s decision to strike Syria looks like a reaction to domestic political outcry, and his newfound tension with Russia flows from his realization of the Kremlin’s role in Syria, rather than a deeper shift in worldview. Trump’s economic policy was always questionably populist, partnering tough rhetoric about offshoring and trade deals with fairly standard conservative, wealth-friendly proposals.
The specific examples on offer are shaky as well. Is Trump acting more hawkish than he was during the campaign? Certainly. But it’s a little early to equate internal discussions about putting troops in Syria with the large, disastrous Bush wars. Would Clinton’s economic policy have been shaped by Wall Street? Sure. Would it have included the large supply-side tax cuts that Gary Cohn, former Goldman president and current Trump economic aide, are pushing? Nope. Every president has golf or another avocation, and is criticized for it. Trump hasn’t really committed to keeping Janet Yellen on. And so on.
Drawing back a little further, there are plenty of other ways in which Trump is noticeably different from his predecessors. This is true even setting aside the policies that lead Chait to label Trump a racist Bush: “His agenda for law enforcement, immigration, and national identity has reinforced the unifying ethnonationalist theme that allowed him to prevail over his more orthodox Republican competitors.” Bush was an oilman who espoused the model of government-as-business, but he did not select a secretary of state as untutored and ineffectual as Rex Tillerson, nor a HUD secretary as unqualified as Ben Carson. Bush’s EPA infuriated environmentalists, but even his EPA administrator is appalled at Scott Pruitt’s agenda.
The press’s need to craft narratives is strong, and comparisons such as these scratch the itch nicely. Unfortunately, they don’t really hold up. The forced analogies run the risk of encouraging the impression among jaundiced voters that all politicians are really the same, despite widely different outcomes. (Just ask anyone who got a hefty tax cut from Bush or health insurance from Obama.) There’s a certain comfort in the idea that Trump’s administration can be rendered legible by analogy to previous ones: You might not like what’s going on, but at least it’s familiar. In fact, what the president’s recent flip-flops offer is not greater clarity, but far more confusion about what he wants and what policies he will pursue. Trump is not just not Obama or Clinton or Bush; he’s not even sure who Trump is, which makes it impossible for anyone else to know, either.



ARTICLE
Fifteen years ago, when I graduated from Pomona College, there were landlines in the dorm rooms, a paper directory with everyone’s number, and a thriving culture of friendly prank calls. Almost no one used laptops in class, in part because there was no Wi-Fi. The launch of Facebook was a couple years off. And if a Google search for a peer’s name yielded anything I was unaware of it—though I published scores of news and opinion articles for student publications across four years, the only ones that potential employers ever saw were the literal newsprint clippings that I mailed to them.
I never realized how good that I had it. Or so I kept thinking when I returned to the Claremont Colleges this week. I was there for a panel discussion on campus speech that couldn’t have been more timely—days before, protesters tried to shut down an appearance by Heather Mac Donald, the Manhattan Institute scholar who authored The War on Cops and regularly criticizes the Black Lives Matter movement. But the couple days that I spent wandering around campus, talking with perhaps three dozen students, left me more preoccupied with something I hadn’t fully appreciated. Silicon Valley innovations have changed nearly every community in America. Yet I wonder if residential colleges aren’t among the most profoundly changed. I wonder if social media and surveillance culture especially affect young learners. I wonder if the cost of making mistakes now feels too high to risk them as often.
Nearly everyone I encountered at the five colleges was smart, thoughtful, and friendly, or at least non-hostile. But across racial, gender, and ideological lines, on gorgeous campuses where folks tend to like their professors and have lots of good things to say about their academic lives and friendships, many described a digital communications culture that sounded oppressive—and that didn’t exist in the very recent past.
I hesitate to draw any sweeping conclusions based on a few dozen undergrads in Claremont. But I am at least struck by how little the radically changed campus communications landscape is explored even as campus speech norms loom so large.
Would you help me to remedy that? I have questions for people at all institutions of higher education, especially students at schools where lots of undergrads live on campus. Whether you answer one or all 10, or just share this with college students, I’d be grateful.
Answers to any or all of those questions, or any other insights that seem related, are greatly appreciated—email conor@theatlantic.com, and rest assured that I will withhold all names unless you explicitly tell me that you would prefer that yours be included.



ARTICLE
Designing a baby, or editing the genes of an unborn child, strikes many as risky, unseemly, unnatural, unethical, or likely to lead to a dystopian future of one sort or another. Still, I predict that within my lifetime, the United States will arrest, try, and convict some parents for refusing to edit the genes of their child before he or she is born.
Consider what is now punished. In The Kindly Inquisitors, Jonathan Rauch’s defense of liberal free-speech norms, the author noted that the liberal, scientific view of  knowledge, which he was championing, asserts a unique claim to legitimacy in the modern West. Lest anyone doubt his characterization, he cited the fate of Christian Scientists:

On December 4, 1984, a 4-year-old girl named Natalie died very painfully of an infection. The cause was a common bacterium that is almost always cured by antibiotics. Her parents, however, did not use antibiotics. They used prayer. To many of us, that sounds preposterous. But imagine what it is to believe fervently in the healing power of your Lord. Imagine that your child is sick, and you want the best treatment, the one that is right and most likely to work. That treatment is prayer, or so you believe with all your heart. And that treatment you use. “We say those parents chose the method of care they felt was most likely to make their child well,” a church official said; and unquestionably he was right.

Then the child dies, and the parents are charged with manslaughter and child endangerment. Over the last ten years there have been dozens of such cases. In 1990 a two-year-old boy  named Robyn died of a bowel obstruction after a five day illness; his parents, David and Ginger Twitchell, were convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to ten years’ probation. Pictures in the paper showed the mother, after the trial, cowering in her husband’s arms as he faced news photographers. David Twitchell said, “If I try a method of care I think is working, I will stick with that. If I think it’s not working, I will try something else.” By his own lights, he had tried his best for his child. Anyone who did not happen to share the worldview of medical science could only view the prosecution and conviction of the Twitchells as the most blatant kind of scientific imperialism. Sure, in Robyn’s case and Natalie’s the prayer treatment had failed. But sometimes antibiotics and surgery fail, too. When surgery fails, should parents be put on trial for not having first tried prayer?

Almost no one believes that parents should be put on trial for not having tried prayer––but legislative majorities do believe that parents should be put on trial for withholding mainstream medical treatment when a child suffers greatly or dies as a result. And the medical treatments that are considered mainstream will change over time.
Now that scientists can use natural enzymes to target and snip genes with unprecedented accuracy, “it seems likely that gene therapies––eliminating mutant genes that cause some severe, mostly very rare diseases––might finally bear fruit, if they can be shown to be safe for human use,” The Guardian reported earlier this year in an article on designer babies. “Clinical trials are now under way.”
Reporter Phillip Ball quoted one expert as follows:

Because of unknown health risks and widespread public distrust of gene editing, bioethicist Ronald Green of Dartmouth College in New Hampshire says he does not foresee widespread use of Crispr-Cas9 in the next two decades, even for the prevention of genetic disease, let alone for designer babies. However, Green does see gene editing appearing on the menu eventually, and perhaps not just for medical therapies.

“It is unavoidably in our future,” he said, “and I believe it will become one of the central foci of our social debates later in this century and in the century beyond.”

In those future debates, gene editing to prevent disease is likely to be the least controversial use. Some folks will grant that trying to reduce disease is a reasonable course even as they argue against gene editing for cognitive or aesthetic enhancement. Others will remain wary of editing the genes of their child. If early gene editing efforts cause harm past some threshold, the backlash may render my prediction incorrect. Barring that, it seems likely that gene editors will gain the ability to safely prevent some awful diseases, and that the holdouts who fear or morally object to their methods will dwindle more and more with every passing year.
Once they’re no more numerous or influential than, say, today’s Christian Scientists, the relevant politics will be quite changed. Holdouts who fear that gene editing is putting humanity on a slippery slope to disaster or who have religious objections to the technique or who just prefer “the old-fashioned way” in their gut will conceive a child. If he or she is healthy all will be fine. But some holdouts will give birth to a child with a painful or fatal condition that could have been prevented.
People will get angry at those parents and seek to punish them.
Or at least that is the course I foresee (even though there is arguably an ethical distinction between refraining from editing the genes of a future human and denying essential medical treatment to an already living human, who is understood to have individual rights independent from or not entirely subject to the beliefs of their guardians).
Regardless of whether you agree with my prediction, I’d like to know what you think about the ethics of this matter. A subset of readers will oppose punishing Christian Scientists today for, say, declining to allow the removal of a burst appendix. Such readers presumably oppose punishing the gene editing holdouts of the future, too.
So I am most curious about the views of readers who are presently okay with punishing parents who deny mainstream medical treatment to their children. What are your instincts about if or when you would punish gene editing holdouts? If the attendant medical procedures were as cheap and safe as a course of antibiotics, would it be unethical to deny a potential human gene editing to avert a serious disease? What if instead of a certainty of a serious disease, gene editing would reduce the chance of a typically fatal cancer by 90 percent? How about by 50 percent? 5 percent? Does it matter how much the gene editing technique would cost?
What other confounding factors, if any, should enter into the picture?
Nothing here should be construed to imply anything about my position. I’ve tried to avoid tipping my hand, save my belief that questions of this sort loom ahead for humanity. I’d like to see your stab at answers. Email conor@theatlantic.com if you’re willing to share.



ARTICLE
In 2010, I entered the Army as an officer, solemnly swearing to “support and defend the Constitution of the United States.” It was the proudest moment of my life, continuing a family tradition of service stretching back three generations to World War II. I remember the awesome weight of my oath as I pledged to serve during a time of war. That oath later led me to make the most difficult decision of my life. In May of 2016, I sued President Obama for issuing an illegal order for me to engage in the battle against the Islamic State. I believe his order violates the Constitution and the 1973 War Powers Resolution, which forbids on-going warfare without the specific consent of Congress.
I made this decision while assigned as an intelligence officer to the command headquarters of Operation Inherent Resolve in Kuwait, and only after months of internal turmoil. Over and over, I weighed the obligation to my oath against my desire to continue serving with my unit against a reprehensible enemy. In 2015, the law professor Bruce Ackerman explained in ­The Atlantic why he believed an individual soldier would have standing to challenge the president’s decision. Holding the deep concerns I did on the mission’s legality, I read that article, and after much further contemplation, decided I was compelled to act by my loyalty to the Constitution. I remember blankly staring at the computer screen before hitting the button to send the email with my signed legal paperwork. This simple act meant that I would be unable to continue my family’s tradition of career military service, and that I might not be allowed to finish the last four months of a year-long deployment with my soldiers. I believe I did not have a choice.
The Constitution is clear; only Congress can declare war. This decision was central to the Founders’ plan. As James Madison explained, "the constitution supposes, what the History of all Governments demonstrates, that the Executive is the branch of power most interested in war, and most prone to it. It has accordingly with studied care vested the question of war to the Legislature."
People have asked me many times what truly motivated my decision to launch the lawsuit. “Did you hate Obama?” It’s as if whatever I say in those subsequent seconds will drive their response to my actions one way or the other as they seek to determine if I am partisan friend or foe.
The truth is that I am a largely non-partisan soldier confronting a fundamental dilemma. On the one hand, I believed that the war was illegal because Obama failed to gain the congressional consent required. On the other hand, I was a soldier, and it was possible that there were legal arguments that had escaped my attention which might justify the president’s actions.
When faced with this dilemma, I turned to the only available option that allowed me to continue to serve with honor. I asked the federal judiciary to determine whether Obama’s failure to gain congressional consent was indeed a violation of the War Powers Act and the Constitution. While this question was pending in the courts, I would continue to serve in Operation Inherent Resolve just as I had before.
However, if the judges refused to hear my case and provide an independent judgment, I would then be faced with only two stark choices. In one, I could follow my own judgment that told me the order was unconstitutional and must be disobeyed, and thereby likely subject myself to a court-martial. In the other, I could betray my oath to the Constitution by continuing to engage in an unconstitutional war.
With the lawsuit pending before the federal courts, I followed every order given to me during the final months of my year-long deployment. I eventually returned home with my unit as the slow process of judicial review began. While my legal action may have given my personal dilemma public prominence, I was unique only for the action I chose to take, and not for being deeply troubled by the legally questionable nature of the mission.
After returning home, I faced another difficult choice. My first seven years of service as an officer were coming to an end, and I decided that I could not continue on active duty and run the risk of serving again in an unconstitutional war. Nevertheless, I remain a member of the individual ready reserve for at least a year, subject to recall for service in one or another constitutionally questionable missions.
Despite this continuing vulnerability, the district-court judge who heard my case refused to resolve my dilemma, ruling instead that I lacked standing to raise my constitutional challenge—which she held raised “political questions” that should not be resolved by the judiciary. That ruling has been appealed. I’m asking the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia to recognize the seriousness of the dilemma I confront, along with all the other servicemen and women serving their country.
In granting standing and hearing the merits, the appellate court would not only allow us to continue serving in support of the mission with honor while it resolves the constitutional issues in a thoughtful fashion. It would also clarify the fundamental issues at a time when the American people are engaged in a renewed debate over presidential war-making provoked by President Trump’s Tomahawk strikes in Syria.
I also believe that by taking these core issues seriously, the Court of Appeals would encourage the president and Congress to examine their obligations to the Constitution, precisely as the Founders envisioned. They might also help ordinary Americans confront their own responsibilities to preserve the Founders’ vision of the republic.



ARTICLE
In 2013, Chief Justice John Roberts made a sweeping declaration about the state of voting rights in America. “Our country has changed,” he wrote in his majority opinion in Shelby County v. Holder, “and while any racial discrimination in voting is too much, Congress must ensure that the legislation it passes to remedy that problem speaks to current conditions.”
With those words, Roberts and four other justices on the U.S. Supreme Court struck down a core provision of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, a hammer of a civil-rights law that helped bludgeon recalcitrant states toward multiracial democracy. The majority concluded Congress was relying on out-of-date data when formulating which jurisdictions still had to receive federal approval to change their election laws and policies—a practice known as preclearance that’s meant to block discriminatory measures. Four justices, led by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, denounced the decision in stark terms. “Hubris is a fit word for today’s demolition of the VRA,” she wrote in dissent.
Four years later, a series of lawsuits and legal challenges in states formerly covered by preclearance suggest the country perhaps hasn’t changed as much as Roberts thought. Had the provision, Section 4(b), remained intact, it would have largely forestalled the courtroom battles over election laws that have engulfed multiple Southern states.
The foremost example came earlier this week in Texas, where a federal district court handed the state’s controversial voter ID bill a major defeat in a long-running legal dispute over whether it violates the VRA. The evidence presented to the court “establishes that a discriminatory purpose was at least one of the substantial or motivating factors” behind the bill’s passage, federal judge Nelva Gonzales Ramos wrote in her order in Veasey v. Abbott. “Consequently, the burden shifted to the state to demonstrate that the law would have been enacted without its discriminatory purpose. The state has not met its burden.”
Texas passed Senate Bill 14 in 2011, but the VRA’s preclearance mechanism blocked it from going into effect. The bill’s provisions required voters to show some form of photo ID before they could cast a ballot. Those requirements, according to the groups challenging the bill in court, would have effectively disenfranchised more than a half-million otherwise eligible black and Latino voters who lacked the necessary form of ID. Shortly after the Shelby County decision removed the preclearance hurdle, Texas officials said they planned to begin enforcing it.
In rulings prior to this week’s decision, Ramos’s court had found that Senate Bill 14 had a discriminatory effect for black and Latino voters, and that the state legislature had a discriminatory intent when passing it. The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals subsequently upheld the discriminatory-effect finding, but said the lower court had relied too heavily on Texas’s history of unjust voter legislation when making the discriminatory-intent finding. The appeals court sent it back to Ramos for further consideration. In her order Monday, however, Ramos said the remaining body of evidence still supported the finding.
The ruling could have major implications for the Lone Star State. Rick Hasen, a University of California, Irvine, law professor who specializes in election law, noted it could pave the way for the court to bring Texas back under preclearance under the VRA’s still-intact “bail-in” provision, which allows federal courts to place jurisdictions under the oversight requirement.
“If (and it is a big ‘if’) the ruling stands through the Fifth Circuit and Supreme Court appeals, it would be grounds for throwing out the entire law (and not just softening it though an affidavit requirement, etc.) and potentially a basis to put the state back under federal supervision for up to 10 years,” he wrote on his blog.
Had the Supreme Court not struck down Section 4(b), the entire showdown wouldn’t have happened. For decades before the ruling, the VRA’s preclearance provision required Arizona, Alaska, and seven former Confederate states—Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina, Texas, and Virginia—to receive approval from either the U.S. attorney general or the federal district court in Washington, D.C., before altering their election laws or policies. A smattering of cities, counties, and townships in other states were also covered by the preclearance formula.
Congress reauthorized the VRA, including that formula, in 2006 after extensive hearings and with bipartisan support. The Court’s majority ruled, however, that the formula legislators approved didn’t match the realities inside the states. Four of the five justices in the majority declined to decide whether Section 5, the preclearance provision itself, was unconstitutional. (Justice Clarence Thomas wrote separately to say he’d vote to strike it down.) Instead they struck down Section 4(b), which determines which states fall under Section 5. Without the formula, Section 5 effectively becomes inoperative until Congress passes a new one, which it has not done.
Eliminating Section 4(b) gave states a window to change their laws and policies without direct federal interference, and they did. Veasey is one of two lawsuits currently under way in Texas over post-Shelby County changes to voting laws. In January, a federal district court found that Pasadena, Texas, had illegally changed its election laws after the Supreme Court’s ruling to reduce Latino electoral influence by restructuring its city council.
In Alabama, an investigation into former Governor Robert Bentley’s apparent affair with staffer Rebekah Mason also surfaced details about the closure of 31 Department of Motor Vehicles offices in 2015, which deprived multiple predominantly black communities of a place to obtain the photo IDs they need to vote. A former state law-enforcement official told investigators Mason wanted the plan to have a “limited impact on Governor Bentley’s political allies,” and that the official notified the state attorney general’s office he was “concerned about a Voting Rights Act violation.” The state later reversed some of the closures in 2016 under federal pressure.
Other former preclearance states have seen similar battles. Shortly after the Shelby County ruling, North Carolina legislators passed one of the toughest voting laws in the nation. In addition to imposing a voter ID requirement, the bill also curbed early-voting hours, eliminated same-day voter registration, and constrained other registration and voting options. A federal district-court judge upheld the law in a 485-page opinion last April, ruling that the Justice Department and the state NAACP had “failed to show that such disparities will have materially adverse effects on the ability of minority voters to cast a ballot and effectively exercise the electoral franchise.”
But North Carolina’s victory was short-lived. The following July, the Fourth Circuit struck down key portions of the state’s election law on discriminatory-intent grounds. In an emphatic majority opinion, Judge Diana Gribbon Motz wrote that “the new provisions target African Americans with almost surgical precision,” and that state legislators’ concerns about too many black Democratic voters were “what comes as close to a smoking gun as we are likely to see in modern times.” The U.S. Supreme Court declined to stay the ruling in a 4-4 split ahead of the presidential election last year.
North Carolina subsequently asked the Court in December to hear the case in full. The Court hasn’t yet granted or denied the petition for review. But it has just returned to its full strength after the bruising confirmation of Justice Neil Gorsuch. His views on the Voting Rights Act aren’t known in detail, but if he shares the skepticism of the Court’s conservative wing, he and his colleagues could be poised to limit its scope even further. Based on the fallout from Shelby County, that could create even more upheaval when it comes to voting rights.




ARTICLE
President Trump signed legislation allowing states to withhold federal family-planning funds from facilities that provide abortion services. On Twitter, Trump said he expects that China “will properly deal with North Korea,” and promised that “things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia.” In a statement, the U.S. Central Command said that a U.S.-led airstrike in Syria unintentionally killed 18 allied fighters. The Pentagon announced that the U.S. military dropped its largest non-nuclear bomb, nicknamed “the mother of all bombs,” on an ISIS target in Afghanistan. During his first speech as C.I.A. director, Mike Pompeo called Wikileaks a “hostile intelligence service,” and denounced its founder, Julian Assange.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Bannon’s Battle: After being sidelined by administration centrists and publicly scolded by the president, the White House chief strategist “is struggling to keep his job with his portfolio reduced and his profile damaged.” (Philip Rucker, Ashley Parker, and Robert Costa)
‘How Russia Hacked Obama’s Legacy’: The Obama administration knew about Russia’s attempts to meddle in the U.S. presidential election for weeks before they said anything publicly. BuzzFeed’s Hayes Brown investigates “how and why the administration chose to downplay and downgrade Russian aggression.”
Uncontested: Republican Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker should be a “big, ripe” political target for Democrats in the state’s 2018 gubernatorial race. Walker’s approval ratings took a hit after his failed 2016 presidential bid, but Democrats are struggling to find a viable candidate to run against him. (Alan Greenblatt, Governing)
More on Manafort: The New York Times reports that, on the same day he stepped down from his role leading Donald Trump’s presidential campaign, records show that Paul Manafort created a shell company “that soon received $13 million in loans from two businesses with ties to Mr. Trump.” The transactions raise a few questions. (Mike McIntire)
Making a U-Turn: This week, Donald Trump abandoned several key foreign policy stances that were central to his campaign. CNN unpacks the president’s shifting statements on NATO, China, Russia, and Syria. (Stephen Collinson)
‘Out of More Pockets’: Uninsured rates have dramatically decreased since Obamacare went into effect in 2010, but patient out-of-pocket expenses have climbed. View these graphics to see how expenses have changed over time. (Jilian Mincer and Travis Hartman, Reuters)
President Trump has reportedly played golf 16 times since taking office, outpacing former President Obama whose first documented golf outing happened near his 100-day mark.
In addition to golf, Obama also enjoyed pickup basketball games with friends and White House staffers. George W. Bush was an avid runner and had a treadmill added on Air Force One. If you were president, what would be your preferred leisure activity and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
When the president of the United States makes several major shifts on policy in the course of the week, it’s bound to raise a series of questions. Luckily, there’s someone whose job is to answer those questions, giving the press information about the president’s thinking and direction: the White House press secretary.
At least in theory. Sean Spicer seemed less than enthused on Thursday about trying to explain why Donald Trump shifted his view on issues ranging from the Export-Import Bank to interest rates to Chinese currency manipulation in an interview with The Wall Street Journal. Trump also announced that NATO, which he had said was obsolete, is no longer obsolete. During Thursday’s White House briefing, reporters wanted to know what had happened, and what this meant for other Trump positions—were they equally malleable?
Spicer gamely began with a physics- and grammar-bending metaphor.
“I think, respectfully, I think you can look at what you’re referring to as a shift in a lot of ways, and by that I mean I saw a couple instances with respect to NATO being one of those shifts, and if you look at what’s happened, it’s those entities or individuals in some cases or issues evolving toward the president’s position,” he said.
On NATO, Spicer noted that Trump had demanded that the alliance focus more on terror and that other members increase their defense spending. Both those things are seeing movement, Spicer said. This is fair as far as it goes: The changes may not be due to Trump, but there has been movement.
But it doesn’t explain the economic-policy shifts, and on those Spicer was rather more vague. Why had the president decided the Ex-Im Bank wasn’t such a bad idea?
“Let me get back to you on the Ex-Im bank. It’s a very complex issue and I would like to get back.”
Why does Trump no longer believe China is devaluing its currency, even though he has said so as recently as February?
“It’s a very, very complex issue and I’m gonna leave it to the president to specifically answer it,” Spicer offered.
There’s an element of comedy to this: Spicer’s job is to explain the president’s positions to the press and the public. And sure, the press secretary can’t be expected to be an expert in every topic. Except that Spicer knows a thing or two about trade policy, having served as a spokesman for the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative during the George W. Bush administration.
Spicer’s had a rough week. On Tuesday, he stumbled into an unfortunate and ill-conceived comparison between Bashar al-Assad and Adolf Hitler, only digging himself deeper before realizing his error and trying to reverse it. It’s also hard to defend Trump when he changes his positions so abruptly, especially while admitting in some cases that he simply did not understand the question at hand. Moreover, Spicer has reason to be nervous. Trump is believed to watch press briefings closely. Spicer could be concerned about wedding himself too closely to any one position, since Trump could easily just change his mind back. He has on occasion contradicted Spicer’s statements in the briefing room.
Still, the correct answer is surely to defend whatever whatever the president says his policy is right now. If even his own spokesman can’t understand and explain that, how is anyone else to do so?



ARTICLE
In a recent interview with The Wall Street Journal, President Trump made a remarkable admission. He was describing his conversations with President Xi Jinping of China, whose nation he had insisted could solve the North Korean nuclear standoff easily if only it set its minds to it. Xi argued otherwise, Trump recalled:

He then went into the history of China and Korea. Not North Korea, Korea. And you know, you’re talking about thousands of years … and many wars. And Korea actually used to be a part of China. And after listening for 10 minutes I realized that not—it’s not so easy. You know I felt pretty strongly that they have—that they had a tremendous power over China. I actually do think they do have an economic power, and they have certainly a border power to an extent, but they also—a lot of goods come in. But it’s not what you would think.

The anecdote is telling for a couple reasons. Many people have said Trump is ignorant on policy issues, but in this case Trump himself fessed up to having had no real understanding of the history of the Korean peninsula. In fact, he knew so little that in just 10 minutes, his own view of the conflict was turned around.
The message this sends to foreign leaders is that Trump is not well-versed in the issues about which he confidently pontificates, but that he can quickly be persuaded to come around to their view—hardly the strength Trump promised he would bring to the White House. The Chinese government seems to have grasped that Trump was a blank slate, pushing for a face-to-face meeting between the two men early in Trump’s term so that Xi could help set the agenda and terms for their relationship.
Trump’s tendency to take up the position of the last person with whom he spoke on a given issue has been widely noted. Xi’s claim that North Korea is an intractable problem is a widely held one, and North Korea bedeviled Presidents Obama, Bush, and Clinton, too, but it’s disconcerting that a foreign leader could so quickly dazzle Trump. The combination of little knowledge and practically no ideological commitments also makes the ongoing battle between factions in Trump’s White House much higher stakes than they might otherwise be.
Trump’s about-face on China and North Korea is just one of several headspinning reversals over the last week. As I wrote today, many of those changes in position seem to reflect a simple transition: Before, Trump didn’t know the facts of what he was talking about; now he does. He insisted time and again, over the course of nearly two years, that China was nefariously devaluing its currency, but now he realizes that since 2014 Beijing has actually been spending heavily to prop it up. He used to think the U.S. should avoid engagement in Syria; now that he’s seen evidence of chemical-weapons use and barrel bombs, both of which Bashar al-Assad was already using when Trump was against intervention, he has changed his mind. He used to think Russia could help solve the Syrian problem; now he understands that Vladimir Putin is one of Assad’s two most important patrons.
These reversals are notable because, despite common skepticism of campaign promises, politicians usually try to do most of what they said once they enter office. Even in a mass-media era where the winner of most presidential elections is the candidate with the most winning personality, presidents continue to view their mandate as based in their policy priorities—partly because it might be discouraging to think otherwise, and partly because their core supporters demand it.
Take Barack Obama, who expended massive political capital early in his term on passing a huge overhaul of the health-insurance system. As a matter of policy and justice, this may have been wise, but as a matter of politics, it stank: Even as public opinion turned sharply against reform, the White House kept its foot on the gas. The blowback helped doom Democratic control of the House of Representatives, and the resulting law was consistently unpopular—until, that is, Trump tried to repeal it.
Vast learning is neither sufficient nor necessary to be a successful president. Some of the commanders-in-chief with the most impressive academic resumes turned out to be mediocre or even bad presidents. Besides, all presidents face some sort of learning curve. Bill Clinton’s plans to allow gays to serve openly in the military quickly crashed on the shoals of political reality. George W. Bush’s denunciations of “nationbuilding” as candidate gave way to two huge nationbuilding efforts after September 11. Obama signed an executive order ordering the closing of the prison at Guantanamo Bay on his first day but never actually followed through. Nonetheless, the scope of Trump’s recent reversals, and his frank admission of not knowing the facts, sticks out.
Trump has not reversed all of his major promises, of course. He still continues to promise to build a wall on the Mexican border, though it’s increasingly apparent that won’t be the 50-foot-high concrete colossus he’d promised. Other priorities, like renegotiating NAFTA, have been quietly shifted over to the back burner.
The president seems to recognize that in voting for him, supporters were voting for Trump the man—or perhaps more accurately, Trump the brand—rather than for his policy platform, which was spotty, flimsy, and sometimes contradictory. Indeed, when confronted with his ignorance during the campaign, he bragged that he could easily learn everything he needed to know in just a few days.
But reckoning with his policy ignorance could be liberating for Trump. Freed from any imperative to actually follow through on some of his more ideological but less widely popular promises, Trump might pursue policies that were both more popular and more productive. This is a dynamic already seen on Obamacare repeal, and after all, when voters praised Trump as a “dealmaker,” weren’t they really saying they wanted a pragmatist rather than an ideologue? The rest was just rhetoric.
But this also carries clear risks. When you don’t know things, you are more likely to make errors. This is even more dangerous when, as Donald Rumsfeld could have taught Trump, you don’t know what you don’t know. You’re easily susceptible to the influence of others, too.
I have argued that the Clinton White House, which struggled through a chaotic start, offers a useful analog for the Trump administration. But the interpersonal feuds within the Clinton administration were largely about jockeying for individual position and proximity to the president. The conflict between various Trump aides—notably, strategist Steve Bannon, Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, and senior adviser Jared Kushner—could matter much more, because the stakes are not simply their own advancement and the ability to nudge the president slightly in one direction or another. Bannon, who is reportedly on the outs at the moment, offers a starkly different worldview, including his espousal of white nationalism and fondness for Putin, than does Kushner, who seems to resemble a corporate Democrat in many ways, or Priebus, a mainstream Republican. With a president this untutored on the issues, today’s West Wing intrigue threatens to be tomorrow’s major U.S. policy shift.



ARTICLE
In February 2017, Jon Stewart noted that Donald Trump had a remarkable affinity for a certain phrase: “Believe me.”* Trump used it over and over, which made Stewart wary: “Nobody says ‘believe me’ unless they are lying.”
Whether Trump was intentionally misleading or not, he has offered reason to question the credibility of his campaign promises this week. In recent days, the president has changed positions on a range of issues, from fiscal policy to foreign wars and taxes to trade. Here’s a quick rundown.
During the campaign, Trump railed against China’s economic policy, saying Beijing was keeping its currency artificially low as a way of getting a leg up on the U.S. In an August 2015 Wall Street Journal op-ed, for example, he promised, “On day one of a Trump administration, the U.S. Treasury Department will designate China a currency manipulator. This designation will trigger a series of actions that will start the process of imposing countervailing duties on cheap Chinese imports, defending American manufacturing and preserving American jobs.” Day one of his presidency came and went without any such labeling, and in an interview with The Wall Street Journal published on Wednesday, Trump announced he’d changed his mind: “They’re not currency manipulators.”
Trump offered two reasons for his change of heart: First, he said, China had quit manipulating its currency in recent months; and second, he was worried that starting a trade tiff now would endanger cooperation with Beijing on pressuring North Korea. The latter is admirably frank, but the former is nonsensical. Although some observers believe China deserved to be branded a currency manipulator in the past, its government had begun spending huge sums to prop up the yuan since 2014—long before Trump’s economic saber-rattling.
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen was another punching bag for Trump during the campaign. “Janet Yellen should have raised [interest] rates,” he said in November 2015. “She’s not doing it because the Obama administration and the president doesn’t want her to.” In May 2016, he promised to replace her because she was not a Republican, but said he thought it was wise to keep interest rates low. By September 2016, he’d changed his mind again, saying she should be “ashamed” for keeping rates low.
In his new Journal interview, Trump opened the possibility of reappointing Yellen at the end of her term in 2018, saying she was “not toast.”
“I like her, I respect her,” the president said, adding, “I do like a low-interest rate policy, I must be honest with you.”
Trump’s most visible reversal has come on his policy toward Syria. As a private citizen and as a candidate, Trump repeatedly argued against American military intervention against the Assad regime, saying it was not in U.S. interests. Yet last week, Trump decided to launch missile strikes against the Assad government, following a chemical-weapons attack in Idlib.
The White House’s explanations for the flip-flop have been confusing. Administration officials have said, for example, that chemical-weapons attacks and the use of barrel bombs against innocent civilians are unacceptable, but both of those were going on in 2013 when Trump was stridently opposed to U.S. intervention. Nor has Trump made clear what his Syria policy will be going forward. Some aides have suggested a push for regime change, while others have insisted there’s been no change in stance. As my colleague Rosie Gray reported, the decision to send missiles was bitterly disappointing to many of his alt-right supporters who saw Trump as a bulwark against Middle Eastern adventurism.
Along with Trump’s reversal on Syria has come a reversal on Russia. Throughout the campaign, Trump praised Russian President Vladimir Putin, downplayed the Russian leader’s misdeeds, and argued that America had much to gain from working with the Kremlin.
Since the Idlib attack, the White House’s rhetoric toward Putin has turned decidedly chilly. “I think it’s a very sad day for Russia because they’re aligned, and in this case, all information points to Syria that they did this,” Trump told The New York Times after the attack. On Tuesday, the administration made the case that Russia had attempted to help Assad cover up the chemical-weapons attack. Russia said that relations with the U.S. are at their lowest ebb since the Cold War, a claim that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson basically confirmed after meeting with his counterpart Wednesday.
Trump frequently criticized NATO during the campaign, arguing the alliance had outlived its usefulness and threatening to pull back if other members did not increase their defense contributions. After entering office, he kept up the criticism, pressing German Chancellor Angela Merkel on German defense spending during her visit to the U.S.
At a White House press conference with NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg on Wednesday, Trump sounded a different note, saying the alliance was a “bulwark of international peace.” The president added, “I said it was obsolete. It's no longer obsolete.” Trump attributed the change of heart to what he said was a renewed focus on terrorism. NATO officials have said the change was long planned. Trump’s change of heart here resembles his team’s shift on Bureau of Labor Statistics unemployment numbers it previously criticized. “They may have been phony in the past, but it’s very real now,” spokesman Sean Spicer said in March.
When Trump entered office, he decided to keep FBI Director James Comey in place, to the chagrin of some Democrats, who were upset at the director’s public comments on the FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton, which they blamed for costing her the election.
In March, however, Comey confirmed that the FBI was investigating Russian interference in the election, and whether Trump aides colluded with Russia. He also refuted the president’s claim that he was surveilled before the election. That seems to have annoyed Trump. In an interview with Fox Business’s Maria Bartiromo that aired Wednesday, Trump said he had confidence in Comey but also said it was not too late for him to fire the director. (He is likely correct about that, as a matter of law.) Trump criticized Comey for letting Clinton off the hook and said, “We'll see what happens. You know, it's going to be interesting.”
During the campaign, Trump stood with many Republicans in opposing the Export-Import Bank, a government agency that encourages purchases of U.S. goods. “I don't like it because I don’t think it's necessary,” he told Bloomberg. “It’s a one-way street also. It’s sort of a featherbedding for politicians and others, and a few companies.... And when you think about free enterprise it’s really not free enterprise. I’d be against it.”
Since entering the White House, Trump has had a change of heart. Democrats claimed in February that the president had privately reversed his stance on the Ex-Im bank, and he confirmed it to the Journal, saying he intended to fill two empty seats on the board. “Instinctively, you would say, ‘Isn’t that a ridiculous thing,’” he said. “But actually, it’s a very good thing. And it actually makes money, it could make a lot of money.”
* * *
It is too early to say what sort of political price Trump might pay for his flip-flopping. The Syria strikes frustrated some of his most ardent supporters, but these core backers are also the ones who agree with Trump on the most and are less likely to find another champion. Many of the others are the sorts of nuts-and-bolts issues that few voters have especially informed opinions about. Voters care a great deal about how their own pocketbook is faring, and less about the specific monetary policies that are producing that result. Trump’s harsh words for NATO and China during the campaign were never deeply rooted in fact, as Beijing’s efforts to prop up its currency showed; they were more about showing toughness.
A more useful question at the moment is what is driving Trump’s sudden spree of reversals. It’s very tempting to read them in light of what seems to be another reversal—in Trump’s feelings toward Steve Bannon, his chief strategist. Despite, or perhaps because, of developing a reputation as the man behind Trump, he has suffered a series of setbacks. First, Bannon was removed from a spot on the National Security Council principals committee. Then in an interview with the New York Post published Tuesday, Trump expressed weak confidence in Bannon.
“I like Steve, but you have to remember he was not involved in my campaign until very late,” Trump said. “I had already beaten all the senators and all the governors, and I didn’t know Steve. I’m my own strategist and it wasn’t like I was going to change strategies because I was facing crooked Hillary.”
To the Journal, Trump referred to Bannon, who has reportedly feuded with Jared Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, as merely “a guy who works for me.”
There is a correlation between Trump’s recently abandoned stands and Bannon’s views. Bannon has lionized Vladimir Putin, disdained NATO, and argued strenuously against military action in Syria. He has portrayed the Ex-Im Bank as a form of corporate welfare.
In other cases, however, Trump’s changed views appear to be more of a reflection of the president’s ignorance. The president was widely mocked for his claim that “nobody knew that healthcare could be so complicated.” It is true that many people recognized that, but equally apparent that Trump did not. As is becoming clear, he was a blank slate on a range of other issues as well.
Trump told the Journal he had told President Xi Jinping that China could easily solve the North Korea problem. “After listening for 10 minutes, I realized it’s not so easy,” Trump said. “I felt pretty strongly that they had a tremendous power… but it’s not what you would think.”
It’s a striking admission that just 10 minutes of lecturing from a foreign leader could reverse Trump’s view of a major challenge facing his administration. And yet that is in line with his other reversals.He seems only now to be learning about the scope of Syrian atrocities and the extent of Russia’s backing for President Bashar al-Assad. By his own admission, he has decided that the Ex-Im Bank is more useful than he realized. He’s come around on low interest rates, and is getting up to speed on what China is actually doing with its currency.
The learning curve for the president is steep, and as he climbs it, the nation may be treated to even more dizzying reversals.

* This article originally stated that Jon Stewart’s comments about Donald Trump were made in February 2016. They were made in February 2017, after Trump had become president. We regret the error.



ARTICLE
President Trump on Wednesday signaled his determination to mount another drive to repeal the Affordable Care Act, but he faces a surprising obstacle: unexpectedly widespread Republican resistance to cutting Medicaid. That hesitation, following decades of GOP efforts to retrench the program, powerfully demonstrates how the party’s growing reliance on economically strained and older white voters is disrupting its ideological compass.
Created in 1965, Medicaid is a state-federal partnership that for most of its history provided health care primarily for low-income children, seniors, and disabled adults. Repeatedly targeted by conservatives, Medicaid has never enjoyed as much political stability as Medicare, the federal health program for seniors.
Both Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush proposed shrinking Medicaid by transforming it from an open-ended entitlement into a limited block grant for states, which would cap federal contributions. In 1995, during the Newt Gingrich era, the Republican-controlled House and Senate voted to convert Medicaid into a block grant despite initial resistance from some moderate Senate Republicans. (Ultimately, only one Republican in either chamber opposed final passage.) But their efforts were blocked when then-President Bill Clinton vetoed the proposal.
In the ACA, former President Barack Obama significantly expanded Medicaid by allowing states to extend eligibility to more low-income, uninsured adults; about 11 million of the 20 million people who gained coverage under Obamacare did so through Medicaid. After the GOP regained the House majority in 2010, it responded by repeatedly passing legislation to undo the expansion and sharply reduce the underlying program itself. But those proposals were blocked either by the Senate or by Obama.
Following those well-worn tracks, this year’s House GOP health bill proposed to eliminate the ACA’s Medicaid expansion and to limit federal payments to states for the underlying program. The combined effect would have slashed federal Medicaid spending by $880 billion over the next decade and eliminated coverage for 14 million people, the Congressional Budget Office calculated. As Trump noted in his Wednesday interview with Fox Business Network, Republicans are counting on those spending reductions to help fund the tax cuts up next on their priority list.
But the Medicaid cutbacks have provoked unanticipated resistance from centrist House Republicans, particularly from states that had expanded eligibility under the ACA. Republican senators from West Virginia, Alaska, Arkansas, Ohio, and Nevada— all expansion states—also questioned the cuts. GOP governors from those last three states, plus Michigan, added their own warnings. None of this guarantees that Republicans won’t eventually coalesce around a plan to repeal Obamacare and squeeze Medicaid. But clearly the program’s politics have grown more complicated for the party.
What’s changed? One factor is that the ACA’s Medicaid expansion has provided clear benefits to providers and patients alike. In states that expanded Medicaid, hospitals are providing much less uncompensated care, which means fewer costs they must shift to paying customers. Rural hospitals have particularly benefited from expansion “because people there have less income and less access to other forms of coverage,” noted Edwin Park, vice president for health policy at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a left-leaning research group.
Working-age adults also report much higher levels of financial and medical well-being in expansion states. A 2016 study by the Commonwealth Fund, a nonpartisan health-research organization, found that far fewer adults reported not seeking attention for a health problem—or problems paying their medical bills—in New York and California, which expanded Medicaid, than in Texas or Florida, which did not.
Even more important than the Medicaid expansion’s benefits may be its beneficiaries. By expanding eligibility, Obama brought into the program millions of low-income working adults, many of them older. That shift has occurred precisely as Republicans have grown more reliant on working-class and older white voters. Obama expanded Medicaid’s reach up the income ladder exactly as the GOP electoral coalition extended further down the ladder. Where the two lines cross, congressional Republicans found that their familiar drive to shrink Medicaid suddenly threatened their own voters.
Amid growing concern about the opioid epidemic, for instance, the Foundation for a Healthy Kentucky recently reported that Medicaid provided substance-abuse treatment for about seven times as many people there in 2016 than in 2014. “We have strong data that people are using the Medicaid coverage,” said Ben Chandler, the foundation’s president. “They are people who are working but still struggling.”
In Ohio, an extensive 2016 state report concluded the Medicaid expansion had helped reduce the state’s share of uninsured working-age adults to its lowest level ever. The study found that 71 percent of those covered in the expansion were white, 56 percent were male, and 58 percent held a high school degree or less. Half were 45 or older, far more than in the traditional Medicaid population. Many of the expansion’s greatest coverage gains came in rural and blue-collar Southeast Ohio counties, such as Belmont, Lawrence, Meigs, Washington, and Gallia. Trump won at least two-thirds of the vote in all those places; in 1996 Clinton carried each of them except Washington.
Before the ACA expansion, Medicaid served few working adults. That made it easy for critics to disparage it as a welfare program for poor families often implicitly portrayed as non-white. Now Medicaid not only serves more working-class adults, but also provides a lifeline to those mostly white, lower-income, rural, and small-town communities beset by rising health challenges and contracting economic opportunity. Long an emblem to conservatives of profligate big government, Medicaid now symbolizes how an evolving Republican Party is struggling to align its ideology with its voters’ material interests.



ARTICLE
Even by the degraded standards of American public life in 2017, what will shortly happen in Arkansas stands out for its brutality and lawlessness.
As outlined by Lincoln Caplan in The New Yorker, the state of Arkansas has announced plans to execute seven human beings during the last two weeks of April.
Arkansas has not executed anyone since 2005. Asa Hutchinson, the governor, has announced that the state must kill these prisoners now because if it does not, the use-by date of its supply of an execution drug will pass and the state will no longer be able to administer the three-drug lethal injection “cocktail.”
The state has told these prisoners—and the world—that the end of their lives will be coordinated with the expiration date on a Food and Drug Administration warning label.
If that doesn’t violate the Eighth Amendment for psychological reasons alone, what does? Cruel? You bet. Unusual? Well, I sure have never heard the like. Texas, which right now holds the modern speed record, executed eight prisoners in a calendar month in 1997, and then did the same the next month.
In a statement released to National Public Radio last month, Hutchinson clothed the decision in the language of law: “In order to fulfill my duty as governor, which is to carry out the lawful sentence imposed by a jury, it is necessary to schedule the executions prior to the expiration of that drug."
The drugs Arkansas will use to kill eight people are medicines, designed and sold to end suffering and save lives, not inflict pain and death. The companies that made them require purchasers to promise not to sell them to executioners; the state has by its own admission obtained them through inducing and conniving breaches of those valid contracts, and promised the suppliers to keep their names secret.
Increasingly, states committed to lethal injection behave like addicts desperate for another fix. They have resorted to such expedients as interfering with contracts, purchasing drugs from sketchy foreign suppliers, and even—on one occasion—sending state employees out with bags of cash to buy lethal drugs.
The entire history of lethal injection is squalid and dishonest. After ordering a moratorium on executions in 1972, the U.S. Supreme Court in 1976 authorized states to begin executing prisoners again. Over time, however, the public showed revulsion use of the electric chair—especially when smoke and flames erupted from near the head of a prisoner during a 1990 botched Florida execution; the same thing happened again in 1997. Meanwhile, an Oklahoma medical examiner in 1977 had proposed a “cocktail” of three drugs as a substitute for existing methods. Texas in 1982 became the first state to use the method; virtually all states that have an active scheme of capital punishment now make lethal injection the primary method.
But there are persistent questions whether lethal injection is actually “humane.” As originally designed, the first of the three drugs was to be an anesthetic to prevent the condemned person from feeling pain. The second was a paralytic agent, which would the condemned person’s body from moving, and depress breathing; and the third would stop the heart.
The paralytic agent, however, may have the effect of making the death seem more peaceful than it is. The heart-stopping drug is usually potassium chloride. It can be used to treat high blood pressure; but administered intravenously, it can produce excruciating pain. If the first drug hasn’t produced complete anesthesia, the potassium chloride may cause a sensation that has been compared to being burned alive. If, however, the limbs are effectively paralyzed, witnesses won’t be aware of the inmate’s agony.
That’s become more troubling lately, because pharmaceutical companies that produce the anesthetics have refused to allow their drugs to be used. As a result, states have turned to a drug called midazolam, or Versed. It’s a benzodiazepine, not a barbiturate. Doctors don’t use midazolam for general anesthesia but for purposes like producing relaxation (and blocking memory) during a colonoscopy, or reducing anxiety before a true general anesthetic puts a patient to sleep. Several executions using midazolam have been botched, with inmates thrashing around and even complaining of pain. One inmate did not die from the bungled objection but ended up dying of a heart attack while still strapped to the gurney after the execution had been stopped.
In the 2015 case of Glossip v. Gross, a group of inmates from Oklahoma argued that using midazolam violated the Eighth Amendment because it might not in fact prevent an inmate from feeling excruciating pain, even if he or she would appear unconscious. In an earlier case, the Supreme Court had already held that states are not required to prove that a method of execution is entirely pain-free. In an opinion by Justice Samuel Alito, the majority in Glossip rejected the challenge to midazolam. Alito reasoned that since the death penalty had been held to be constitutional, there must be a constitutional means of carrying it out. “Holding that the Eighth Amendment demands the elimination of essentially  all  risk  of  pain,” Alito wrote,  “would  effectively  outlaw  the  death  penalty altogether.”
In the Glossip oral argument, Alito complained bitterly from the bench about “what amounts to guerilla warfare against the death penalty” by anti-execution groups. His ire was raised by efforts by death-penalty opponents—most effectively the London-based nonprofit Reprieve—to alert drug manufacturers to the uses to which their products were being put. Reprieve has pointed out to European pharmaceutical companies that, under European Union law, it is illegal to export any object or substance to be used in executions. The group works with the companies to construct controls on the uses to which these drugs may be put.
The notion that this polite civil-society lobbying is a “guerrilla war” is so jejune that even conservative columnist George Will had to rebuke Alito, writing that “Public agitation against capital punishment is not relevant to judicial reasoning.”
On the other hand, courts might want to take note of Arkansas’s essentially lawless position. Seeking poisons to take human life, the state was thwarted because the makers of medicines refused to collaborate in killing. The state then persuaded some company somewhere to violate a valid contract and turn over these drugs to be used contrary to their purpose. In an earlier case involving the new “cocktail,” the state admitted that it had knowingly bought the drugs from distributors who were violating contracts with the drug-makers. The suppliers only agreed to the sale, the state admits, because a change in Arkansas state law made their identities exempt from disclosure under the state’s public records law. Asked about this, Judd Deere, communications director for Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge, responded, “I don’t have any further comment.”
I wondered whether any of these companies had considered legal action, either by suing the state to find the name of the faithless supplier or by intervening in the current federal challenge to the executions.
In an email statement to me Tuesday, a spokesperson for Hikma, the manufacturer of the midazolam to be used by Arkansas, said, “We have made our objections to the misuse of any of our products for lethal injection known to the governor, attorney general and Department of Corrections both in person and multiple times in writing. Even though we have limited information due to the secrecy laws, we continue to explore what legal channels might be open to us. As I’m sure you can appreciate, we cannot comment on any possible litigation beyond this.”
Pfizer, maker of the paralytic agent to be used by Arkansas, said that “Pfizer makes its products to enhance and save the lives of the patients we serve. We strongly object to the use of any of our products in the lethal injection process for capital punishment  ... We have implemented a comprehensive strategy and enhanced restricted distribution protocols for a select group of products to help combat their unauthorized use for capital punishment.” I followed up with a question about possible court action; the response was “we have nothing more to add.”
Before the execution dates were set, the inmates had challenged the state’s planned “cocktail” in a petition to the United States Supreme Court, which denied it on February 21. They have now filed a petition for rehearing—a remedy almost never granted—on the grounds of the “extraordinary” schedule: “Executing eight men in 10 days is far outside the bounds of what contemporary society finds acceptable,” they argue.
The court is scheduled to consider the petition today.
Hutchinson’s decision embodies no norm of legality or due process; instead, it reeks of petulance and politics. Its impact on the condemned must be shattering—perhaps enough to amount to psychological torture in and of itself.
My University of Baltimore colleague John Bessler, author of The Death Penalty as Torture: From the Dark Ages to Abolition, pointed out that the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, to which the United States is a party, prohibits not only deliberate infliction of physical pain but psychological torture as well. “The whole death penalty reeks of psychological torture,” especially in this context, Bessler said.
If psychological torture of the condemned doesn’t shock judicial consciences, then how about the impact the Arkansas Massacre may have on those who have committed no crime? Twenty-five present or former corrections officials have written to Hutchinson warning him that the grueling schedule may traumatize the corrections officers who must carry it out. “Even under less demanding circumstances, carrying out an execution can take a severe toll on corrections officers’ wellbeing,” they write.
In addition, they warn, the grueling schedule creates an unacceptable risk that something will go wrong: “A state’s interest in justice and finality are not served by a botched execution.”  



ARTICLE
The message President Trump delivered to House Republicans on the evening of March 23 was unambiguous: Pass the American Health Care Act the next day, his top advisers told them, or the president would scrap the whole effort to repeal Obamacare and move on to the rest of his agenda.
The House, of course, did not so much as vote on the bill on that fateful Friday, but two-and-a-half weeks later, it’s clear Trump had been bluffing.
After a brief flirtation with the even more daunting legislative thicket known as tax reform, the president is back to talking about health care as if the bill he endorsed had never died. “It’s been very much misreported that we failed with health care,” Trump told Fox Business’s Maria Bartiromo in an interview broadcast Wednesday. “We haven't failed, we’re negotiating and we continue to negotiate and we will save perhaps $900 billion.”
He went on to explain, as he had done before Republicans called off the House vote, that the White House wants to enact a new health-care law first so that the party can pursue a more ambitious overhaul of the tax code.
So is the AHCA dead or alive?
Trump is correct that negotiations have resumed on reviving the proposal, and they’ve continued behind the scenes even after lawmakers departed Washington for a two-week Easter recess at the end of last week. Principally, the talks are occurring between aides to Vice President Mike Pence and leaders of House Freedom Caucus, the hardline conservative group withholding its votes until the bill moves further to the right.
Representative Mark Meadows, the chairman of the Freedom Caucus, has been speaking daily with both the White House and Speaker Paul Ryan’s office in search of an agreement, as well as with leaders of the Tuesday Group, a larger collection of moderate Republicans who criticized the bill from the left.
But no deal is imminent, according to a senior Republican aide briefed on the negotiations. And there’s been no shift in the underlying dynamic that scuttled the AHCA originally: Conservatives are insisting that it repeal more of Obamacare, while moderates were concerned that it eliminated too many of the law’s more popular provisions already.
Those moderates had pushed back last week on an offer from Pence that the Freedom Caucus was poised to accept in which states would be able to opt out of the current law’s core insurance mandates, like the requirement that policies cover certain “essential health benefits,” and the protection against discrimination based on a preexisting condition.
In conversations over the last several days, the aide said, the White House and the Freedom Caucus have discussed language that would ensure that even if a state gets a waiver to bypass the ACA’s mandates, insurers would still be prohibited from discriminating based on a person’s “health status.” But that idea is far from finalized, the aide said.
Under another proposal first reported Wednesday by Axios, insurers would be able to sell some plans that did not cover “essential health benefits” like maternity care, hospitalization, preventive services, and addiction treatment so long as they sold other policies that did. But the Republican aide predicted that idea wouldn’t fly with the Freedom Caucus. “My gut would tell me it keeps too much of the Affordable Care Act,” the aide said.
What’s clear is that Republican leaders, and particularly Trump, are increasingly desperate to rewrite the story of their initial failure on health care by at least passing a bill out of the House, even if the changes they make to do so render it even less acceptable to the narrow GOP majority in the Senate.
In an unusual move before Congress left for its recess, Republican leaders convened the House Rules Committee at the request of the White House for the sole purpose of adding an amendment to the AHCA. It was an obvious attempt to demonstrate some semblance of progress and positive momentum, and the GOP leadership even raised the possibility of calling all 430 members of the House back early from their holiday break to vote on the bill if a final deal was struck.
But that won’t be happening now. On Wednesday, Ryan’s office announced that the speaker would instead lead a congressional delegation to Europe for meetings with NATO allies. Because Congress must pass a federal funding bill by April 29 to avert a partial government shutdown, the earliest the House will act on health care is early May.
The other reason Trump has returned to health care is that he seems to have a renewed appreciation for why Republicans wanted to begin with it in the first place. The president has repeatedly made clear that he preferred to start with tax reform, but that effort was, at least in part, predicated on first reducing the size of the federal government through a repeal of the Affordable Care Act.
By eliminating nearly $1 trillion in the law’s taxes and simultaneously cutting money out of Medicaid, Republicans could more easily reduce tax rates without further exploding the federal deficit. But without a new health law, the party likely will not be able to make the expansive changes Trump wants to the tax code—or at least not without a bigger fiscal and political headache.
“So we’re going to have a phenomenal tax reform,” Trump told Bartiromo. “But I have to do health care first. I want to do it first to really do it right. And after that, we're going to start on tax reform and infrastructure.”
The president’s new idea for infrastructure is to possibly pair it with a later stage of health-care legislation. Republicans have long acknowledged that because of the Senate’s budget rules, they will eventually need Democratic votes to fully replace Obamacare. Trump wants to entice Democrats to the bargaining table by offering new spending on roads and bridges—a longstanding progressive priority—in exchange for their support for a subsequent health-care bill.
Yet Trump may be misjudging the Democrats’ willingness to help him eviscerate the Affordable Care Act. When I asked Matt House, spokesman for Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer, whether Democrats would vote for a repeal bill in exchange for infrastructure spending, his emailed reply was succinct: “No.”
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi’s spokesman, Drew Hammill, was a bit more expansive. “Democrats have been very clear that any effort that repeals the Affordable Care Act and increases costs for families is a complete non-starter,” he said. “Republicans must put aside repeal before any conversations about building upon the ACA can occur.”
By later in the afternoon, however, Trump had already shifted from bartering with Democrats on health care to threatening them. In an interview with the Wall Street Journal, he suggested his administration might decline to pay out subsidies to insurance companies as part of Obamacare—a provision of the law that is currently the subject of litigation. His comments came just hours after a coalition of insurers, industry associations, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce wrote Trump a letter urging him to honor the subsidies and warning that without them, premiums and other costs for consumers would shoot up and more insurers might pull out of the individual market.
The complexities of health-care reform and its connection to other parts of Trump’s agenda are why it was always going to be hard for the president to simply “move on” after the failure of the American Health Care Act. Administering Obamacare brings its own political complications, and trying to swiftly pass a major tax bill brings even more. And so while the once-doomed GOP bill might not be fully back to life, it’s not totally dead, either.



ARTICLE
Jeff Kazanow understands firsthand how difficult it can be to run as a Democrat in the red state of Georgia. In 2012, he lost badly to Tom Price, who was up for re-election as the Republican Representative for the sixth congressional district. But Kazanow thinks things are different now that Donald Trump is president. He believes a Democrat just might win the April 18th special election to replace Price, who left Congress in February to serve as Trump’s Secretary of Health and Human Services.
“Democrats were happy, we had nothing to complain about in 2012 when Obama was in office. Now, we all feel like we have to do whatever we can to minimize the damage Trump could do to this country,” Kazanow said in an interview. “This race is a way to try to get someone with progressive values into Congress. But if a Democrat wins it would also send a message to Trump and the Republican Party that they can lose seats they thought were safe because of the outrage he has created.”
The sixth congressional district should indeed be a safe Republican seat. Mitt Romney won the district by a double digit margin in 2012. Trump, on the other hand, eked out a victory over Hillary Clinton by less than two percentage points. That less-than-stellar showing, combined with a liberal voter base energized by the Democratic defeat in the presidential election, has convinced Democrats they have a chance to flip the district. The nonpartisan Cook Political Report has even labeled the race a toss up.
30-year old Jon Ossoff is the party’s best hope to do that. Ossoff is running a campaign carefully constructed to entice liberals anxious over the Trump administration. A recent ad features the candidate warning that Trump “could start an unnecessary war,” while the tagline of an email blast—“We don’t have to wait until 2018, or 2020, to fight back against Donald Trump”—makes his campaign sound like an attempt to make the race a referendum on the president.
The strategy appears to be literally paying off. Earlier this month, the campaign announced that it had raised an eye-popping 8.3 million dollars, with a sizable amount of the haul coming from out of state. The party establishment also evidently believes the race is competitive: The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has made investments in the race, including deploying staffers to get out the vote.
Local progressive activists energized by the presidential election are dedicating time and energy in an attempt to flip the district too. Ken Hall of Cobb Progressives said that members of his group based in Cobb County, Georgia, are showing up to phone bank in part because the the Trump administration spurred them to action.
“Lots of people are coming out who aren’t rabid political animals, but they’re appalled at many of the things that have been going on with the administration,” Hall said, citing the currently stalled GOP effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act as one example of a proposal that has alarmed progressives in the district.
Adding to a sense of momentum among Democrats is the fact that so far Ossoff has performed well in the polls. A recent survey found him leading a crowded field with 43 percent of the vote, though that’s less the 46.8 percent share of the vote that Clinton earned in the district, and puts him below the threshold needed to win the race outright.
Republicans have thrown cold water on the idea that an upset is possible. Debbie Dooley, the Atlanta Tea Party chairwoman, said she was “somewhat surprised” to see the level of Democratic attention to the race. “This is a very safe Republican seat,” she said, concluding: “it just shows how motivated many Democrats are to stop Donald Trump right now.”
A number of additional factors make it difficult for a Democrat to win the district. Even if residents aren’t Trump’s biggest fans, they still approve of the president by a slim majority, according to a recent survey. And while Trump won a smaller percentage of the vote than Romney four years ago, that didn’t dampen enthusiasm for either Price or Johnny Isakson, who won re-election in November to the House and Senate respectively on the GOP ticket by double digit margins.
Nevertheless, national media outlets have framed the contest as a high-stakes trial and potential indicator of whether Democrats can channel anti-Trump fervor into the votes needed to win back Congress. In February, The Washington Post noted that “this is the kind of district that Democrats will need to find a way to flip if they are going to seize the House majority in November 2018.” In March, The New York Times described the race as “an early test” that will show whether Democrats can “capitalize” on “Trump’s polarizing presence.”
But the outcome of the race won’t be enough on its own to draw sweeping conclusions about how the Democratic Party will fare in the Trump era. And individual special elections for congressional seats aren’t necessarily predictive of what will happen in upcoming midterm elections.
“If Ossoff wins, people will say the GOP is doomed. If he loses, people will say the Democrats are terribly disorganized, and they can’t win in 2018. Neither of those things are true,” Brandon Finnigan, the director of the non-partisan election site Decision Desk HQ, said in an interview.
Still, the Georgia race may provide some clues as to how Democrats will perform in the midterms when viewed alongside the outcome of other special elections.
Democrats lost a Kansas special election race on Tuesday, but the results were far better for the party than political observers would have predicted even weeks ago. Republican Ron Estes won only by a relatively narrow seven point margin, despite the fact that Trump won the district by 27 points in November.
Taken together, the results of these elections, including upcoming Montana and South Carolina special elections, could shed light on the extent to which grassroots liberal activism will translate into election wins. “Paying attention to the margins in all these elections can help show whether Democrats are making inroads into conservative districts,” Finnigan said.
If Democrats seem to be gaining ground, that will inevitably provoke a counter-reaction. Dooley predicted that all the attention from Democrats to the sixth district race in Georgia would backfire. “The fact that there’s been all this publicity, I think that will succeed in driving Republicans to turn out in big numbers,” she said, “So it’s a double-edged sword.”
Michael Altman, a Republican voter living in Georgia who has been following the race closely, sounded even more confident that Ossoff won’t win. “He doesn’t have a chance in hell, it’s just not going to happen,” he said. He conceded though that this race feels different from past congressional district elections.
“There’s more signs, and more advertisements, than I’ve ever seen for a Democrat running around here,” he said. But Altman doesn’t believe that’s proof the political tide is turning in the district. He thinks it’s just an indication that national Democrats are desperate for a win. “I don’t think he has that much grassroots support in the district,” he said, adding: “I think it’s just smoke and mirrors.”
If Ossoff fails to win more than 50 percent of the vote next Tuesday the race will advance to a runoff between the two candidates with the most votes. Republicans might coalesce around a single candidate if that were to happen, likely dooming chances for the Democrat.
In the event of a defeat, Georgia progressives say that they won’t simply give up. “I’m really planning on making this a long-term thing,” Amy Nosek, the founder of one Georgia Indivisible group, said in an interview. “We might lose some people along the way, but I do think we’ve grown a movement that won’t go away anytime soon.”
That doesn’t mean there won’t be serious disappointment if the party falls short in the upcoming election.
“As far as Ossoff’s campaign is concerned, victory to me is seeing him sworn into Congress,” Carlos Moreno, one of the founders of a different Georgia-based Indivisible group, said. “I’m sorry, but in politics, second place is losing.”



ARTICLE
In a joint press conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, President Trump reversed his position on NATO, saying “it’s no longer obsolete.” In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump said he fears the U.S. dollar is “getting too strong,” and said he won’t label China a currency manipulator, as he had promised to do during his campaign. After meeting privately with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told reporters that U.S.-Russia relations are “at a low point.” A spokesman for Paul Manafort, Trump’s former campaign manager, said Manafort will consider registering with the U.S. government as a foreign agent, in light of his political work in Ukraine. Daily Mail, the British tabloid, agreed to apologize and pay damages to First Lady Melania Trump, after Trump sued the newspaper for alleging that she had once worked as an escort.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Too Close for Comfort: Republican Ron Estes eked out a win in the Kansas special election on Tuesday. That the race was so close in such a red district is a good sign for Democrats. (Alexis Levinson, BuzzFeed)
Not Real Conservatives: Congressional Republicans should censure the president for attacking Syria without congressional approval, writes Kevin Williamson, or “they can stop calling themselves ‘constitutional conservatives,’ because those who knuckle under now are no such thing.” (National Review)
Getting it Wrong: Rick Perlstein, a political historian, reviews perceptions of American conservatism, and how he and his colleagues failed to anticipate Donald Trump’s presidency. “We advanced a narrative of the American right that was far too constricted to anticipate the rise of a man like Trump.” (The New York Time Magazine)
Farewell, Bill O’Reilly?: The Fox News host is taking a vacation amid a flurry of recent sexual assault allegations against him. He says he’ll be back on April 24, but New York reports that James Murdoch, 21st Century Fox CEO, “would like O’Reilly to be permanently taken off the air.” (Gabriel Sherman)
Stand Down: Trump’s far-right coalition believes his order to strike a Syrian air base deviates from his promise to put America first. The group has since stifled its outrage over the action, writes Tina Nguyen, but “one lesson of the last week is that the far right’s support for Trump is contingent.” (Vanity Fair)
Unpresidented: In this short video, The Atlantic’s Emma Green discusses how different religious groups perceive discrimination.
President Trump has reportedly played golf 16 times since taking office, outpacing former President Obama whose first documented golf outing happened near his 100-day mark.
In addition to golf, Obama also enjoyed pickup basketball games with friends and White House staffers. George W. Bush was an avid runner and had a treadmill added on Air Force One. If you were president, what would be your preferred leisure activity and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Updated on April 12 at 12:58 p.m.
It’s now been more than a month since Donald Trump tweeted, without offering any evidence, that Barack Obama had Trump’s “wires tapped” (the scare quotes were his) at Trump Tower prior to the election.
Since then, the president has refused to back down from a claim that is obviously unfounded, as the director of the FBI testified under oath. In the process he has set off a feud with America’s closest ally, made an excruciating joke at the expense of another, and refused to take responsibility for his claims.
He has also tried to change his story.
First, Trump argued that he really just meant that he had been surveilled, rather than literally wiretapped.
Wednesday, in an interview with Fox Business’s Maria Bartiromo, Trump has once again tried to change his story, arguing that he was referring to cases of “unmasking,” where Trump transition team officials were named in classified intelligence reports, at the request of Obama officials:

Trump: When you look at Susan Rice and what's going on, and so many people are coming up to me and apologizing now. They're saying you know, you were right when you said that. Perhaps I didn't know how right I was, because nobody knew the extent of it.

Bartiromo: When you sent that infamous tweet, was that what you were referring to, the Susan Rice?

Trump: Oh, sure. We’re talking about surveillance. It was wiretapped in quotes. New York Times said the word wiretapped in the headline of the first edition. Then they took it out of there fast when they realized. But I put wiretapped in quotes, meaning, because, look, wiretapping is an old-fashioned…

Trump continues to fixate on the specific word choice of “wiretap” versus surveillance. There is a technical difference, but the broader problem is his baseless accusation that a president spied on him for partisan purposes. While the FBI has publicly confirmed it is investigating the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia, there is no evidence to suggest Obama himself ordered surveillance of Trump or his associates for political purposes.
However, despite trying to change the claim in his interview with Bartiromo, it’s clear that Trump was alleging improper surveillance, not unmasking of legal surveillance, based on the way he has discussed it since the tweet. He made clear during a press conference on March 17, for example, that he was basing his accusation of surveillance on comments made by Andrew Napolitano, a Fox News legal analyst. Other reports have connected Trump’s tweets to a Breitbart article based on a Mark Levin radio segment. None of these focused on unmasking.
The unmasking defense flows from the mysterious intelligence reports that House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes announced in March. Nunes, apparently working from documents given to him by two White House staffers, claimed that Trump transition-team members had been caught up in surveillance of foreign nationals. This did not justify Trump’s claim, because the alleged surveillance was legal, Nunes said, and had occurred after the election rather than before it.
The allegation of wrongdoing was more remote. When Americans are named or participate in surveilled conversations, their names are redacted. Top officials can request that their names be unredacted, or “unmasked,” if they believe it’s necessary to understand the report. Nunes said he was worried that Trump team members had been improperly unmasked. Bloomberg View’s Eli Lake later reported that Trump officials believed Susan Rice, Obama’s national security adviser, had requested that names be unmasked. Based on that revelation, Trump told the New York Times, again without evidence, that Rice had committed a crime.
Meanwhile, Nunes was forced to step down from the House investigation into Russia interference in the election after ethics complaints about his revelation of classified material and scrutiny of his relationship with the White House.
In trying to point to Rice, Trump is once again altering his claim in an effort to make it true. Yet not only is he shifting his claim after the fact, there’s no proof that what Rice did was improper. Rice was would have had the authority to ask for names to be unmasked (a request that the agencies would have had to approve) and, as Bartiromo pointed out, Rice says she would not have done so for political reasons.
“Does anybody really believe that?” Trump said. “Nobody believes that, even the people that try to protect her in the news media. It's such a big story and I'm sure it will continue forward.”
In fact, Trump appears to be wrong about that as well. Since Nunes’s recusal, Democrats and Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee have been able to view the documents he saw, and which he had not shared. CNN reports that they’re unimpressed with the results, which show only routine requests from Rice and anyone else in the Obama White House:

After a review of the same intelligence reports brought to light by House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes, both Republican and Democratic lawmakers and aides have so far found no evidence that Obama administration officials did anything unusual or illegal, multiple sources in both parties tell CNN.

Their private assessment contradicts President Donald Trump's allegations that former Obama national security adviser Susan Rice broke the law by requesting the "unmasking" of US individuals' identities. Trump had claimed the matter was a "massive story."

Even when changing his story, Trump can’t land on a plausible one. The challenge to the president remains the same as it was on March 4: If he has any evidence for his explosive claims, he ought to produce it; and if he doesn’t, he ought to retract them.
The circus surrounding Trump’s “wiretap” tweet and Nunes’s rise and fall have provided a diversion, but in the background, evidence about questionable ties between former Trump aides and the Russian government continues to accrue.
On Tuesday, The Washington Post reported that the FBI sought and obtained a warrant to surveil Carter Page, a one-time Trump foreign-policy adviser with ties to Russia. To get the warrant, the FBI had to satisfy a federal judge that it had probable cause that Page was acting as an agent for or aiding a foreign power. (Page denied the claims, comparing himself to Martin Luther King Jr.)
Page is not the only Trump aide whose ties to Russia are under intense scrutiny. Paul Manafort, who was Trump’s campaign chairman during the summer of 2016, has a range of connections to the Kremlin. Manafort reportedly received millions of dollars from a Vladimir Putin-allied billionaire as part of a contract to boost Moscow’s image abroad; Manafort insisted, despite memos to the contrary, that he was worked only on behalf of the oligarch, Oleg Deripaska.
Manafort also worked as consigliere to Viktor Yanukovych, the Kremlin client who was deposed as president of Ukraine in a 2014 revolution. Last August, The New York Times reported on handwritten ledgers that indicated Manafort had received millions in off-the-books cash payments from Yanukovych’s party. Manafort’s lawyer flatly denied the claim at the time, telling the Times, “There is no proof and we deny there ever could be such proof.”
The Associated Press reports Wednesday, however, on documents that substantiate the ledgers, showing corresponding payments received by Manafort’s firm:

Now, financial records newly obtained by The Associated Press confirm that at least $1.2 million in payments listed in the ledger next to Manafort's name were actually received by his consulting firm in the United States. They include payments in 2007 and 2009, providing the first evidence that Manafort's firm received at least some money listed in the so-called Black Ledger.

Manafort’s spokesman disputed the report, saying that the consultant had worked openly for Yanukovych’s party. “Mr. Manafort has always denied that he ever received any cash payments for his work and has consistently maintained that he received all of his payments, for services rendered, through wire transfers conducted through the international banking system,” he said in a statement.
Manafort and Page are both reportedly the subject of investigations by the FBI; the Treasury is also looking at Manafort. And both the House and Senate intelligence committees have their own investigations looking at Russian interference.
For now, that appears to be a much bigger story than Rice’s alleged role in the (reportedly appropriate) unmasking of Trump officials in intelligence reports, even if that had been what the president had been referring to in his original March tweet about being wiretapped.  
Which it wasn’t.



ARTICLE
From the moment Donald Trump first launched his unlikely ascent to the presidency, Republicans fiercely debated whether they could consider him a true conservative. Now, there’s evidence that Trump’s conquest of the GOP is causing activists to redefine “conservatism” itself.
In a paper presented last week at a conference in Chicago, two political scientists compared Republican senators’ voting records to their perceived levels of conservatism among grassroots activists. (You can read a detailed description of the paper’s methodology here, but it’s worth noting that the surveys were conducted throughout the 2016 election.) What they found was that some of the senators with the most traditionally conservative voting records—like Arizona’s Jeff Flake, and Nebraska’s Ben Sasse—were viewed among activists as fairly moderate. Meanwhile, former  Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions—whose record is considerably more moderate than many of his peers’—was viewed as one of the chamber’s most conservative lawmakers.
The explanation for these discrepancies?
The paper’s authors—Daniel Hopkins, from the University of Pennsylvania, and Hans Noel, from Georgetown— have a theory: Sasse and Flake were both outspoken Trump critics during the election, whereas Sessions was one of the president’s earliest and most vocal cheerleaders.
Indeed, it appears many of the grassroots-level Republicans surveyed for the paper—the kind of people who make small-dollar donations to candidates, volunteer for phone banks, and staff local campaigns—believed that the more loyal a senator was to Trump, the more conservative he was. Needless to say, that’s a controversial assumption in elite right-wing circles, given Trump’s open disregard for conservative orthodoxy on issues like trade, foreign policy, and government spending.
As I wrote recently, many Republicans have found the traditional Left ↔ Right spectrum increasingly unhelpful in identifying the GOP’s ideological tensions during the Trump era. If activists do, in fact, begin to define “conservative” as “pro-Trump” and “moderate” as “Trump-averse,” it seems all the more likely that the old taxonomy will give way to a new, more useful vocabulary.
But the paper’s findings could have political implications that extend far beyond diction, Noel told me. This could be an early signal that Trump-style nationalism is supplanting old-school conservatism as the Republican Party’s dominant ideology.
“If Trump is shaping and changing the next generation of Republican foot soldiers to think of conservatism as what he thinks it is … instead of what Paul Ryan thinks it is, he’s going to lead the party in that direction,” Noel said.
Exhibiting all the usual modesty of careful academics, Noel cautioned that it’s too early to drawn any definitive conclusions from their findings. He also noted that it typically takes a generation or so for a party to undergo a wide-scale ideological transformation like the one he was speculating about. And unlike modern conservatism—which William F. Buckley and his comrades spent decades articulating and popularizing before Ronald Reagan ever carried it into the White House—Trump’s brand of politics doesn’t yet have a robust support system or intellectual infrastructure in Washington.  
That said, Trumpism has an unusual head start compared to the historical rises of other ideologies—it’s already being championed by the most powerful man in the world. And as long as grassroots Republicans are demanding fealty to Trump from their elected leaders—lest they be branded “moderates” and made vulnerable to primary challenges—Trumpism has a good chance to flourish and spread throughout the GOP.
Conservative purists, and perhaps many in the broader political intelligentsia, will no doubt object to conservatism being summarily redefined simply because voters and activists moved the goalposts. But Noel, who specializes in the study of ideology, takes a practical view of the philosophical debates on the right.
“People argue about these things forever,” he told me. “There are deep debates among conservative thinkers, and whoever ends up convincing more people wins. You can say, ‘That’s not real conservatism,’ but … at the end of the day, you’re wrong if no one agrees with you.”




ARTICLE
Republicans narrowly avoided an embarrassing defeat in the first congressional election of Donald Trump’s presidency on Tuesday, as the party retained a House seat in a deeply-red Kansas district that became surprisingly competitive.
Ron Estes, the Kansas state treasurer, held off Democrat James Thompson to win a special election to fill the seat vacated in January when conservative former Representative Mike Pompeo became CIA director. But the close result in a district Trump dominated in November was sure to jolt Republicans and buoy Democrats who will need a wave election to retake the House majority next year. With all precincts reporting, Estes had won, 53-46 percent.
The race had drawn little attention before the last few days because as Democrats were the first to acknowledge, they really had no business competing in Kansas’s 4th district. Reliably red for the last 22 years, the district went for Trump by 27 points in November, and in his three House campaigns, Pompeo never won less than 60 percent of the vote.
Both parties instead had looked to Georgia to wage the first competitive congressional battle of the Trump era. In a race to replace Tom Price, the former conservative lawmaker who became secretary of health and human services, Democrat Jon Ossoff has raised more than $8 million from energized party donors and jumped out to a wide lead over a crowded field of Republicans. He hopes to win more than 50 percent of the vote on April 18 and avoid a runoff election in which a Republican would be favored.
But while money and volunteers flooded into Georgia, the combination of enthused Democratic voters, an unpopular new president, and a toxic conservative governor presented an even more urgent threat to Republicans in Kansas. With less than a week to go before the vote, the National Republican Congressional Campaign sent an infusion of cash for attack ads against Thompson, and both President Trump and Vice President Mike Pence recorded automated calls to the Republican rank-and-file in support of Estes. Senator Ted Cruz flew in for a last-minute airport rally on Monday.
The national Democratic Party stayed away from Kansas, even as it became clear Republicans were growing nervous. The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and the party’s House super PAC both opted against spending money in the district, and strategists said in the closing days the race was simply not winnable. Democrats appeared to be playing an expectations game common in special elections, betting they could generate momentum merely from a respectable showing in defeat without making an investment that risked setting party activists and donors up for disappointment. On the other hand, the narrow margin quickly prompted criticism from some on the left at the national party’s decision to write off the Kansas race as a lost cause.
In a statement after the vote, the DCCC said the district “should never have been on the table.” “This massive swing from the 2016 presidential results should set off alarm bells for House Republicans,” spokeswoman Meredith Kelly said.
Trump’s record low approval rating so early in his term has energized progressive activists hoping to pick up seats in a series of special elections for the House this spring. But in Kansas, the anchor weighing down Estes was less the president than the state’s governor, Sam Brownback, whose standing locally has plummeted amid an ongoing budget crisis. Democrats and moderate Republicans made gains in the state legislature last year, and Thompson attacked Brownback much more often than Trump during the campaign. The Wichita civil rights attorney and Army veteran might also have benefitted from being a political newcomer compared to Estes, who was twice elected to statewide office. Thompson told voters that he had been homeless as a child and only got involved in politics for the first time when he caucused for Bernie Sanders during the presidential campaign last year.
But whether it was because of the GOP’s late rescue effort or simply the partisan tilt of Kansas’s 4th district, Thompson could not pull off the upset. Estes’s win offers momentary relief for Republicans who feared an nearly unthinkable loss, but it portends a difficult road ahead for a party newly entrusted with the full reins of government in Washington.



ARTICLE
A Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court judge approved a secret warrant request by the FBI to monitor Trump advisor Carter Page last year, the Washington Post reported Tuesday. Page would be the first known member of a presidential campaign to be targeted by a FISA court warrant, an extraordinary move for a federal law-enforcement agency to undertake during an American general election.
Multiple news outlets had reported in recent months that the FBI sought at least one FISA warrant targeting someone in Trump’s orbit during the presidential campaign. The Post is the first to identify Page, a national-security advisor for the Trump campaign, as the warrant’s target. No formal charges have been filed against Page, and he has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing or impropriety.
The warrant’s existence is also likely to fuel claims by Trump allies that the president’s campaign was illicitly spied upon by the Obama administration. Page told the Post that its reported existence “confirms all of my suspicions about unjustified, politically motivated government surveillance” and compared himself to Martin Luther King, Jr., who was repeatedly harassed by the FBI during the civil-rights movement.
But the warrant cuts both ways for Trump. Applying for one suggests federal investigators had strong suspicions about Page’s ties to Russian officials. And to obtain the warrant, the Justice Department would have persuaded a federal judge serving the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court—often simply referred to as the FISA court—that investigators had probable cause to believe a Trump campaign official was either acting as an agent for a foreign power or knowingly aiding one.
Congress created the FISA court in 1978 to place judicial restraints on American intelligence services after a series of domestic spying scandals in the early 1970s. The court is unlike any other tribunal in the American legal system: Its proceedings are secret and non-adversarial, with only Justice Department lawyers presenting evidence to a single federal judge. The judges themselves are selected by Chief Justice John Roberts from among the ranks of the federal judiciary.
The court’s secretive nature has long drawn skepticism from civil-liberties advocates, especially after Edward Snowden’s mass-surveillance revelations in 2013. Among the documents Snowden released to the public was a FISA warrant authorizing the FBI to obtain all telephone metadata from every U.S. customer of a Verizon subsidiary. The disclosure prompted lawsuits by the ACLU asking federal courts to block the surveillance order.
According to the Post, part of the FBI’s warrant application relied on Page’s reported contacts with a Russian intelligence official in 2013, contact Page himself recently acknowledged to BuzzFeed News. It’s not clear if Page knew he was speaking to an intelligence official at the time.
The Post also reported that application’s collection of Page’s contact with Russian officials included ones that haven’t been publicly disclosed before. FISA warrants typically last for 90 days but can be renewed; the FISA court reportedly renewed the warrant targeting Page “at least once,” the Post reported. It’s not clear whether the FBI’s surveillance of him is still ongoing.
Page joined the Trump campaign’s national-security team in March. Campaign officials have since downplayed his role, which effectively ended in September as reports of Page’s ties to Russian officials began to circulate in the press. But his presence proved controversial even before then. His perceived pro-Russian stances drew scorn from the wider foreign-policy establishment, which also generally shunned Trump before he secured the Republican nomination.
In one memorable episode last July, Page, with the Trump campaign’s assent, traveled to Moscow to give a commencement address at the New Economic School. He denied meeting with any Russian officials under sanctions by the U.S. government at the time.
Page is one of multiple Trump advisors whose ties to Russia came under intense scrutiny during and after the 2016 election. In January, U.S. intelligence agencies publicly concluded that the Russian government used cyberthefts against Democratic Party organizations and Hillary Clinton’s inner circle to undermine her presidential campaign for President Trump’s benefit. Trump has denied that he or his campaign played any role in the disclosures, which he frequently cited on the campaign trail as proof of Clinton’s untrustworthiness.
FBI Director James Comey told Congress last month that his agency was conducting a counterintelligence investigation into the Russian hacking of Democratic campaign servers last year. Part of that investigation, he told legislators, included probing “the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia's efforts.” The House and Senate Intelligence Committees are also conducting their own probes into Russian interference.
The specter of those investigations has roiled the nascent Trump administration. In February, Trump fired National Security Advisor Michael Flynn for lying to Vice President Mike Pence about conversations with Sergey Kislyak, Russia’s ambassador to the United States, during the transition. A few weeks later, Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from overseeing the FBI’s Russia investigation after he failed to disclose his own conversations with Kislyak last year, having testified to the Senate in his confirmation hearing that he had no contact with Russian officials during the 2016 campaign.
Rep. Devin Nunes, the chair of the House intelligence committee and a former Trump transition official, also recused himself from the Russia inquiry less than a week ago because of an ethics investigation into whether or not he broke the chamber’s rules governing classified information. Nunes had come under fire for suggesting that he had seen documents showing Obama officials had abused their authority to glean information on the Trump transition; CNN reported Tuesday night that other officials on the committee reviewed the documents and saw nothing improper.
Nunes was widely seen as attempting to justify the unproven charges by Trump that Barack Obama illegally spied on him during the transition. The president himself first leveled the allegations that Obama wiretapped Trump Tower in an explosive series of tweets in March, but offered no proof to support them.
Comey later told Congress in an unusual statement that he had “no information” to support those specific claims.



ARTICLE
Sean Spicer’s comments on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and Adolf Hitler drew ire on social media, leading the White House press secretary to release a clarification to the press. During remarks at a G-7 meeting in Italy, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Assad’s reign is “coming to an end,” and discouraged Russia from continuing to support him. In Kansas, voters head to the polls to vote in a special election for a House seat, which belonged to Mike Pompeo before he became the director of the CIA. During a speech at the U.S.-Mexico border in Arizona, Attorney General Jeff Sessions outlined the Trump administration’s crackdown on immigration enforcement, saying “the abdication of the duty to enforce our immigration laws, and the catch and release practices of old are over.” United CEO Oscar Munoz issued an apology after a passenger was dragged off an overbooked flight on Sunday.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Ivanka’s Influence: In an interview with The Telegraph, Eric Trump said that his sister, Ivanka Trump, influenced their father to respond to last week’s chemical attack in Syria: “I’m sure she said, ‘Listen, this is horrible stuff.’ My father will act in times like that.” (Simon Johnson)
Replying to @POTUS: Donald Trump, a self-proclaimed Twitter lover, has sent more than 400 tweets since taking office. Only a fraction of his millions of followers respond to these messages. From the loyalists to the haters, Polly Mosendz breaks down the types of people who tweet at Trump. (Bloomberg)
Trump’s Latest Test: The White House Easter Egg Roll is a 138-year-old tradition that draws thousands of people to the South Lawn. This year, it’s President Trump’s turn to pull off a successful event, and the pressure is on. (Julie Hirschfeld Davis, The New York Times) 
Bueller? Bueller?: In the wake of House Republicans’ recent failure to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, many GOP lawmakers seem to be avoiding meeting with constituents directly, underscoring “the party’s precarious political position on health care and peaking civic activism by progressives.” (Heidi M. Przybyla, USA Today)
Watchtowers, Drones, and Moats: Contracting firms have submitted proposals in response to President Trump’s call for an “impenetrable, physical, tall, powerful, beautiful wall” along the U.S.-Mexico border. Oliver Wainwright takes a look at some of the more unusual designs. (The Guardian)
Coming to America: Check out this graph to see how the number of legal immigrants coming to the United States has changed, along with U.S. immigration policy, throughout the past two centuries. (Youjin Shin and Taylor Umlauf, The Wall Street Journal)
President Trump has reportedly played golf 16 times since taking office, outpacing former President Obama whose first documented golf outing happened near his 100-day mark.
In addition to golf, Obama also enjoyed pickup basketball games with friends and White House staffers. George W. Bush was an avid runner and had a treadmill added on Air Force One. If you were president, what would be your preferred leisure activity and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
There’s no good time to make a Hitler comparison, but deploying one in the midst of Passover to justify voluntary airstrikes is an especially unwise choice, as White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer realized, to his chagrin, Tuesday afternoon.
Spicer was fielding questions about the Trump administration’s confusing and diffuse strategy toward Syria when he was asked why the White House believed that Russian President Vladimir Putin would break with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad at this moment.
“You look, we didn’t use chemical weapons in World War II. You had someone as despicable as Hitler who didn’t even sink to using chemical weapons,” Spicer said.
As puzzled reporters and other observers immediately noted, Spicer’s statement was deeply confusing, even if one could make a case it was accurate in very narrow terms. The Nazi government did not release chemical weapons on the battlefield during World War II. This may be the point Spicer was trying to make, as Defense Secretary James Mattis used a similar line later Tuesday afternoon.
But as Amarnath Amarasingam wrote here last week, the toxic agent that Assad used last week in Idlib, sarin gas, was discovered and then weaponized in Nazi Germany. Hitler decided not to use chemical weapons in combat, apparently in part because of fears that any Nazi use of chemical weapons would elicit much more destructive Allied use in retaliation.) Hitler nonetheless oversaw the most lethal use of chemical weapons in history. Nazis killed perhaps 1 million people, most of them Jews, using the poison gas Zyklon B.
(The Allied history with chemical weapons is not spotless. Winston Churchill considered, but rejected, a plan to use mustard gas a defensive measure in the event of a Nazi invasion. In 1943, a German air raid in Italy caused the release of mustard gas that was being transported on Allied ships, also for potential combat use. The incident was hushed up.)
A few minutes later in the briefing, Spicer had a chance to clean up his statement.
“I think when you come to sarin gas, [Hitler] was not using the gas on his own people the same way Assad was,” Spicer started out, heading down another rocky road. Some of the Jews who were killed would have been Germans who had been stripped of citizenship, although it’s unclear why the use against one’s own citizens is more despicable.
Seeming to realize his error, Spicer added, “[Hitler] brought them into the Holocaust centers, I understand that. But I was saying in the way that Assad used them, where he dropped them down to innoc—into the middle of towns, it was brought—so the use of it, I appreciate the clarification, that was not the intent.”
That, too, was fraught. Aside from the strange use of “Holocaust centers,” Spicer’s abortive invocation of “innocence” was nonsensical as well. Following the briefing, Spicer issued a statement:

In no way was I trying to lessen the horrendous nature of the Holocaust, however, I was trying to draw a contrast of the tactic of using airplanes to drop chemical weapons on innocent people.

Yet again, Spicer’s choice of words makes little sense: Were Holocaust victims any less innocent for having been rounded up and interned before they were killed? Indeed, Spicer than issued another statement changing the final phrase to “using airplanes to drop chemical weapons on population centers.”
Spicer is not the first to make an ill-advised comparison between Assad and Hitler. The author and television writer David Simon, of The Wire fame, made a similar argument on Twitter last week:

Possessing sarin gas, Hitler wouldn't use it on soldiers even as his Reich fell. He'd been gassed in WWI. Assad has used it 2x on civilians.
— David Simon (@AoDespair) April 6, 2017
The problem here, as with all Hitler analogies, is that comparing anyone to history’s greatest villain feels as though it is a trump card when in fact it tends to undermine whatever argument it seeks to bolster. On the one hand, almost any comparison between the barbarity of a modern figure and Hitler will quickly fall apart. On the other, it always demands a single course of action, all-out war against the target, which paralyzes any debate.
The point here is not that Spicer is a Holocaust denier; his debacle today looked like the product of a series of errors, rather than ideology. The point is that he, and the Trump administration more broadly, are deeply sloppy in their messaging approach, and are as a result fall into grievous errors and then keep digging. And there is no greater danger for the improvising, combative speaker than foolishly invoking the Holocaust.
Indeed, the Trump administration has already done so once before. In January, a statement for Holocaust Remembrance Day inexplicably omitted any mention of the Jews. When called out, Spicer tried to suggest that was both intentional but also entirely reasonable. “The president went out of his way to recognize the Holocaust and the suffering that went through and the people that were affected by it and the loss of life,” Spicer stammered, as though this were some sort of extreme measure.
It’s clear that there’s little forethought about when to roll out Hitler comparisons. On Monday, Spicer refused to say whether the White House even considered Assad a war criminal. On Tuesday, Spicer said that in at least one respect, Assad was worse than Hitler. That is messaging whiplash, but it makes even less sense in practical terms. During the same briefing, Spicer said that while the Trump administration did not see a future for the Assad regime, its focus for the time being is on defeating ISIS.
But if Assad is worse than Hitler, how can the U.S. possibly defend anything short of immediate regime change? Hitler analogies are terrible political rhetoric, but they are even worse as the basis for policy.



ARTICLE
The Washington Post reports that Attorney General Jeff Sessions “will end a Justice Department partnership with independent scientists to raise forensic science standards.” If that doesn’t scan as hugely important subject a bit of background is needed.
In 1989, when a wrongly imprisoned American was exonerated for the first time using DNA evidence, a new era began in the criminal justice system. Over ensuing decades,  DNA analysis would expose decades of shoddy police work, sloppy or unethical prosecutors, lying witnesses, and faulty forensic analysis as it freed innocents from living nightmares. The Innocence Project calculates that so far  DNA has exonerated 349 people, who unjustly served a combined total of 4,763 years behind bars––and that 46 percent of those cases involved a misapplication of forensic science.
There is no telling how many innocents languished in prison without being exonerated because physical evidence in their case was not preserved into the DNA era, or the perpetrator did not leave DNA at the crime scene, or the evidence was on their side, but they lost a procedural battle and with it the ability to present new evidence.
President Barack Obama recognized the scandal.
He convened a panel of scientific advisers to study the techniques used by law enforcement; to identify best practices; to see which methods were sound and which were junk science. The results were alarming for those worried about robbing innocents of liberty. Dubious methods were everywhere in analysis of bite marks, firearms, shoe prints, hair fiber, blood spatter, and fingerprints. There were even problems in efforts to analyze samples containing DNA from more than one person.
None of the problems surprised Radley Balko, who covers the criminal justice system for the Washington Post. Years earlier, in the course of reporting for Reason that helped to free a man wrongly incarcerated on Mississippi’s death row, Balko had stumbled on a so-called expert in bite-mark analysis whose scandalous conduct as a state medical examiner and expert witness over the course of two decades illustrated the astonishing degree of nonsense the state could pass off as “science” in criminal trials.
Subsequent reporting only confirmed Balko’s suspicion that the criminal justice system is rife with unqualified forensic specialists, bad methodology, and cognitive bias. His succinct description of long overdue reforms is here. When the panel convened by Obama published its scathing report in September 2016, Balko hoped a least some overdue reforms would finally be attempted.
But months later, when Obama was about to leave office, Balko wrote about his White House’s failure to move aggressively and the dissenting voices from within his Justice Department, including dismissive comments from then-Attorney General Loretta Lynch.
The upshot:

That report, along with others and an administration that seemed unusually equipped to take it seriously, presented a small window in which to reform a system. That window is about slam shut. And we’re about to be governed by a new administration that seems likely to board it up, wallpaper it and overlay it with brick. This wasn’t just a missed opportunity; it was a catastrophe. And it’s difficult to overstate the consequences.

Those prescient words bring us back to this week’s news. Again, here is the Washington Post:

In a statement Monday, Sessions said he would not renew the National Commission on Forensic Science, a roughly 30-member advisory panel of scientists, judges, crime lab leaders, prosecutors and defense lawyers chartered by the Obama administration in 2013… The announcement came as the commission began its last, two-day meeting before its term ends April 23, and as some of its most far-reaching final recommendations remained hanging before the department.

Sessions, a former federal prosecutor, is bringing the matter back “in house,” though DOJ staffers have institutional incentives to avoid upsetting the status quo, and have utterly failed to sufficiently address the problem from within across decades of misconduct. The result is not only the imprisonment of the aforementioned innocents, but also uncaught criminals in those cases roaming the streets.
It is fitting that the new attorney general was appointed by Donald Trump, who once took out full page ads in four New York City newspapers urging the return of the death penalty for five black and Latino teenagers accused of raping a white woman in Central Park. The youths were convicted and imprisoned for 14 years. Later they were exonerated by DNA evidence and released. Trump still insists they’re guilty.
Lest you think it is unfair to tar Sessions with Trump’s execrable behavior, here is what our attorney general said on talk radio while campaigning for candidate Trump:

Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions, a prominent surrogate for Republican nominee Donald Trump, says Trump’s 1989 newspaper ads advocating the death penalty for five men of color accused of raping a jogger in Central Park show that he has always been a believer in law and order.

“That speech was great, and Trump has always been this way,” Sessions, who was the first member of Congress to endorse Trump, said on the Matt & Aunie show on WAPI radio. “He bought an ad — people say he wasn’t a conservative — but he bought an ad 20 years ago in the New York Times calling for the death penalty. How many people in New York, that liberal bastion, were willing to do something like that?”

For Sessions, that episode was a point in Trump’s favor!
Sessions will not be swayed by a letter written by members of the body he is disbanding.
But it is worth reading. “Historically, the community associated with forensic science was limited to criminal justice participants, sometimes at the expense of foundational science,” the advisers wrote. “Many forensic science disciplines have not fully benefitted from the resources and lessons gained by researchers in contributing fields.”
They went on:

The inclusion of an array of research scientists is necessary to further improve the foundation and practice of forensic science and to the justice system.

The representation of these fields has been one of the strengths of this Commission and has been critical to its success. Any forum for forensic science issues must include significant numbers of independent scientists and researchers. Forensic science as an academic discipline is very young, and we are committed to guiding and cultivating a  robust research culture.

We hope you will provide us with the opportunity  to  continue to  engage  in  this critical effort to strengthen forensic science and the criminal justice system.

Session will not provide that opportunity. Like Lynch before him, he and Trump are poised to dismiss overdue reforms and pursue a course that will result in even more innocents being needlessly imprisoned—and that will leave some perpetrators of serious crimes free because innocents were convicted in their place.
It is sometimes said that history will judge certain people harshly. If years pass before the decision to curtail these reforms is condemned, history will judge us harshly.



ARTICLE
The Trump administration sees no hypocrisy in bombing Syria while closing America’s borders to Syrian refugees.
“From a humanitarian standpoint, [we are] ensuring that we create an environment that provides a safe place for them to ultimately remain,” said White House press secretary Sean Spicer in press conference on Monday. The administration is “ensuring that there are places that are free from violence and places free to gather safely … Everyone would agree the last thing they want to do is leave.”
For the American aid organizations working with Syrian refugees in the U.S. and overseas, though, this tension is very real. Leaders of some of these groups, especially those who are Syrian American, feel grateful that the United States government struck a military base in Syria last week after a chemical-weapons attack killed more than 80 Syrian civilians. But they’re worried that Trump’s refugee policy will simultaneously aggravate the humanitarian crisis in Syria—and  fear what will happen when the world’s attention once again turns away from the country.
Zaher Sahloul, a Syrian American doctor who came to the United States in 1989, has spent a lot of time in the last few months protesting Trump. “I demonstrated against the Muslim ban, against the breaking up of immigrant families, about the wall,” he told me. He opposed the proposed repeal of the Affordable Care Act, and disliked Trump’s recent executive order on the environment.
But the administration’s Syria strikes stand apart. “In this particular decision,” he said, “I felt President Trump was right.”
For him, the conflict is personal: Sahloul was Assad’s classmate in the 1980s before Sahloul came to the United States, and his hometown of Homs has been a major site of conflict in the Syrian war. Until 2015, Sahloul led the Syrian American Medical Society, a coalition of doctors who provide medical aid in Syria and surrounding countries that are going through refugee crises. Sahloul has personally visited Syria to provide emergency medical support in the last several years, and the organization says it provided 3 million medical services in 2016.
“It’s very difficult to see children gassed to death while they’re asleep,” Sahloul said. “This continued for six years without any accountability. I felt this strike was sending a clear message to [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad].” On Twitter, Sahloul called out President Obama for his inaction: “How come that @realDonaldTrump was moved into military action by the images of children in Syria, while @POTUS44 was so stone-hearted?!” he wrote.
Lina Sergie Attar, a Syrian American who runs an education-focused non-profit called the Karam Foundation, said she felt similarly betrayed by Obama. In 2013, there was evidence that the Assad regime used chemical weapons against its people. Despite Obama’s declaration that this crossed a “red line” that would bring consequences, he declined to take military action against Assad.
When reports of a chemical-weapons attack surfaced last week, Sergie Attar expected Trump to demur as well. “I was surprised and happy to know that we now have a president who is a president of action, who will be standing up to the regime,” she said. “On the one hand, nobody wants to welcome more bombs on their country. But on the other hand … this was a strike specifically targeting the Assad regime’s military base.”
As supportive as they are of Trump’s military action, both Sergie Attar and Sahloul worry about the consequences of his administration’s ban on admitting Syrian refugees to the U.S. “If you sympathize with the little babies who are being gassed, you should sympathize with the babies who are in tents who are the victims of Assad and ISIS,” Sahloul said.
“It’s good that President Trump seems to now recognize that refugees represent babies and not terrorists.”
Here lies the double-bind of U.S. aid organizations working on the crisis in Syria. “What we … see is this conundrum,” said Erol Kekic, the executive director of the immigration and refugee program at Church World Service, a coalition of largely mainline Protestant churches in the United States that works on refugee resettlement.
Some people want the government to “intervene in Syria and protect people who have been directly attacked by the regime, who are also fleeing from ISIS,” Kekic said. But “we’re also closing our borders and our doors and saying we do not want to resettle any more refugees.”
“The fact of the matter is that when there’s military intervention, there has to be an accompanying humanitarian intervention, and that’s where we’re concerned,” said Mark Hetfield, the president and CEO of HIAS, a Jewish refugee-resettlement organization in the U.S. “Refugees have been vilified by the current administration.”
After last week’s chemical-gas attacks, Trump’s rhetoric on Syrians seemed to soften: “Even beautiful babies were cruelly murdered in this very barbaric attack,” the president said. “No child of God should ever suffer such horror.” Hetfield wasn’t impressed. “It’s good that President Trump seems to now recognize that refugees represent babies and not terrorists,” he said.
The politics of Trump’s military strikes are even more complicated because he’s such a polarizing figure. Sergie Attar said she felt betrayed by activists who are protesting against Trump’s decision to order missile strikes. Since 2014, the Obama administration has carried out strikes in Syria in its offensive against ISIS, but she didn’t see many people protesting those attacks. “There’s a lot of hypocrisy on this,” she said.
Not all aid organizations support Trump’s military action in Syria. For example, Bill O’Keefe, the vice president for government relations and advocacy at Catholic Relief Services, believes “on-going violence aggravated by military actions by additional players like the United States will cause more people to flee and more instability.”
From the perspective of his organization, which offers humanitarian aid in more than 100 countries around the world, diplomacy is superior to bombs. “We, and the Catholic bishops, are always going to be the ones looking askance at military action,” he said. “Not because we oppose it on principle, but because the unintended negative consequences for real people are always real.”
Others, like the evangelical aid organization World Relief, have refused to weigh in altogether: Jenny Yang, the vice president of advocacy and policy, declined to comment on the group’s position in an email, saying there’s a lot that is still unknown.
“This wave will end and we’ll be back where we were: left alone to watch these massacres daily.”
The Trump administration seems to support an end to Assad’s rule: On Monday, Spicer said he “can't imagine a stable and peaceful Syria where Bashar al-Assad is in power.” Once the region is stable, Spicer said, the administration “can apply political, economic and diplomatic pressure for a regime change.”
But even that wouldn’t come close to fixing the humanitarian crisis in Syria. “The conditions have only gotten worse over the last six years,” said Kekic. “The devastation is so vast that even if the conflict stopped tomorrow, people wouldn’t be able to go home because there’s nothing to go home to.”
Meanwhile, said Sergie Attar, it’s getting harder for her small organization to do its work in Syria. The fighting has made it unsafe for volunteers and staff members to work in much of the country, so Karam is largely operating from communities on the Turkish border. From her perspective, it’s much less important to stand against Trump than to make sure her organization can reach people.
But for the rest of America, Syria has become another highly politicized issue that will inevitably be colored by people’s perspectives on Trump. Aid workers are frustrated that the American public, and particularly the media, only pay selective attention to the Syrian crisis. “There’s always media attention for military action,” said O’Keefe. “Remember, we’re talking about 11 million people who have been displaced from their homes and 400,000 who have been killed. This is just the latest little blip on that larger, deeper story.”
Sergie Attar doesn’t have much confidence that the world’s focus will stay on Syria once the news cycle moves on. “We don’t know what day we’re going to wake up and that day’s massacre is going to catch … and suddenly we’re going to be in the news again,” she said. “This wave will end and we’ll be back where we were: left alone to watch these massacres daily, without anybody paying attention. Every time, we hope that this is the last time.”



ARTICLE
On March 28, Pamela Geller, co-founder of the group Stop Islamization of America, wrote a column on Breitbart that offered Donald Trump some advice: “Clean house.” Paul “Ryan has got to go. James Comey, too,” she urged. Then she added a more obscure name: “What’s Eric Treene still doing there?”
Treene, the Special Counsel for Religious Discrimination in the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division, is at first glance an odd Breitbart target. For starters, he’s a conservative evangelical Christian. His denomination, The Presbyterian Church in America, opposes abortion and gay marriage, and ordains only men. Before joining the Justice Department, Treene worked at the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty, which later represented Hobby Lobby in its demand to be exempt from the Affordable Care Act’s mandate to cover contraception. When John Ashcroft hired Treene at the Justice Department in 2002, the anti-abortion group Faith and Action called it “a new day for Christians in Washington.” The liberal American Prospect, by contrast, warned that his appointment might be part of George W. Bush’s agenda for “moving us toward a form of Christian nationhood.”
Despite all this, Treene has become a reviled figure on the Trump-era right. His sin: defending the religious freedoms of American Muslims. Treene, declares Geller, serves as an “errand boy” for “Muslim Brotherhood operatives,” by which she means the leaders of America’s major Muslim organizations. And it’s not just Geller. Treene’s work has also come under attack from his fellow Christian conservatives. When the Justice Department filed an amicus brief defending a Muslim prisoner’s right to grow a beard in 2014, Robert Spencer, who the National Catholic Register has called the “foremost Catholic expert on Islam in our country,” accused Treene and his colleagues of believing that “wherever Islamic law and American law conflict, American law must give way.”
In 2010, when Treene’s office argued in favor of Muslims seeking to build a mosque in Murfreesboro, Tennessee, Pat Robertson warned that they were threatening the religious liberty of Christians, who if the mosque was built might be required to participate in “public prayer five times a day.”
In a way, it’s odd. American Muslims have a lot in common with Christian conservatives. According to a 2015 Pew Research Survey, they’re more likely than other Americans to affirm with complete certainty the existence of God and to pray every day. They are less likely to believe in evolution, less likely to believe that society benefits when women work outside the home and less likely to support same-sex marriage or abortion rights. In their religious devotion and attitudes toward gender and sexuality, American Muslims resemble evangelical Christians and traditional Catholics far more than they resemble secular progressives.
Moreover, they have in recent years faced mounting threats to their religious liberty at exactly the moment that religious liberty has become a Christian conservative preoccupation. Given these realities, one might think Treene would be a hero on the Christian right. Instead, he’s closer to a pariah. In their hour of need, American Muslims are finding that the people who might have been their staunchest defenders are among fiercest adversaries instead.
It wasn’t always this way. During George W. Bush’s presidency, Christian conservatives often described Muslims as ideological allies. When Bush launched his presidential campaign, Muslim activists asked him to include their community when he spoke on behalf of religious liberty. And Bush did. He denounced the Clinton administration for “profiling” Arab and Muslims and detaining them based on secret evidence. In 2000, the GOP became the first major party in American history to feature a Muslim prayer at its convention. Karl Rove invited Muslim clerics to the White House as part of his faith-based initiative.
After 9/11, some prominent evangelicals denounced Islam. But overall, a review of responses to the attacks noted that the Christian right is “refusing to vilify Islam after September 11 and remains committed to an alliance of ‘orthodox believers.’” In 2002, after evangelical and Catholic NGOs partnered with Muslim governments to resist the inclusion of pro-choice and pro-gay rights language in United Nations declarations, Austin Ruse, head of the conservative Catholic Family and Human Rights Institute, gave a speech entitled “I’d Rather There be Muslims in My Foxhole.” In 2004, Pat Buchanan noted than on issues like “the morality of homosexual unions and stem cell research … conservative Americans have more in common with devout Muslims than with liberal Democrats.” And in 2007, Dinesh D’Souza wrote an entire book based on that premise. “By resisting the depravity of the left and the Europeans,” he argued, “conservatives can win friends among Muslims and other traditional people around the world.”
That same year, in a speech to the Executive Committee of the Southern Baptist Convention, Bush’s attorney general, Alberto Gonzalez, told the story of Nashala Hearn, a Muslim sixth grader from Muskogee, Oklahoma, who had been denied the right to wear a headscarf. “If you know of any Nashalas out there, who find themselves facing down religious intolerance, and who think they’re all alone in their fight,” he declared,” you tell them to come talk to me.” The Baptists replied by shouting, “Amen.”
Such a response is harder to imagine today. Treene’s former employer, The Becket Fund, continues to defend Muslims’ right to build mosques, a right that has encountered far more local opposition in recent years. But Christian conservative groups are increasingly jumping in on the other side. In 2012, Becket came under attack from a Catholic-aligned legal defense organization, The Thomas More Law Center, one of whose staffers tweeted, “Believe Islam a religion, then support the Becket Fund. Believe it will destroy US, then supt thomasmore.org.” When Becket filed an amicus brief last year on behalf of Muslims seeking to build a mosque in Basking Ridge, New Jersey, Thomas More announced that it would defend the mosque’s opponents, whose right to protest it claimed was being denied.
That’s become a pattern. An article in the conservative Catholic magazine Crisis slammed Becket’s support for the mosque in Murfreesboro. So did a Tennessee-based Christian group called Proclaiming Justice to the Nations, whose president sits on the President’s Council of the powerful National Religious Broadcasters association. And this March, the NRB came out strongly against Becket’s position, declaring that “Islam” and “sharia” are “absolutely antithetic [sic] to freedom of speech, freedom of religion or freedom of the press.”
Conservative Christians who remain committed to religious freedom for Muslims, and even a Christian-Muslim alliance based on shared conservative views, face a fundamental problem. They have fewer and fewer supporters in the pews. The University of North Carolina’s Charles Kurzman notes that between 2001 and 2010, according to an average of nine polls taken during that period, 29 percent of Republicans expressed negative views of Muslims. If you average the nine polls taken since then, the figure jumps to 58 percent. White evangelicals harbor more negative views of Muslims than do any other religious group. Seventy-six percent of them, according to a February Pew survey, backed Donald Trump’s travel ban.
This shift in public opinion has left pro-Muslim Christian conservatives vulnerable to populist challenge. In 2014, Robert P. George, a Becket board member, wrote a manifesto in the journal First Things entitled “Muslims, Our Natural Allies.”
He was immediately attacked by Spencer, who along with Geller co-founded Stop Islamization of America. Intellectually, it’s not much of a contest. George is the McCormick Professor of Jurisprudence at Princeton. Spencer lacks any academic affiliation, and does not even have a PhD. But there’s a reason the National Catholic Register calls Spencer the “foremost Catholic expert on Islam in our country.” He appears regularly on Catholic radio and in Catholic publications. And his books on Islam are among the most frequently sold at Catholic bookstores.
A populist, Islamophobic insurgency has shaken evangelical leaders too. In 2010, Richard Land, then-president of the Southern Baptist Convention’s Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission, joined an interfaith coalition to defend the rights of Muslims to build mosques. Within months, a popular cry forced him to withdraw. Land’s successor, Russell Moore, has also come under attack for his defense of American Muslims’ religious liberty. And this January, another Southern Baptist institution, the International Mission Board, rescinded its support for mosque building after several mega-churches threatened to withdraw their funds.
Even some of the Christian conservatives who once sympathized with American Muslims have changed their tune. A decade ago, Dinesh D’Souza attacked conservatives for “describing a religion of one billion people as ‘violent.’ This would be tactically imprudent even if it were true, but it is not true, so why repeat a canard that has the terrible effect of driving the traditional Muslims into the radical camp,” he wrote.
Since then, however, D’Souza’s concern for Muslim sensitivities had waned. “Can the media stop this rubbish about “the holy month of Ramadan?” he tweeted last year. “How come they never refer to “the holy season of Lent?” Austin Ruse, who in 2002 wanted Muslims in his foxhole, now wants them out of Europe. “The problem is whether largely secular Europe possesses the will to stop the new Muslim invasion,” he wrote last year in Breitbart. “Catholic Europe stopped Islam at Vienna once before, but Europe is hardly Catholic anymore.”
Jennifer Bryson, a pro-life Catholic who works at the Center for Islam and Religious Freedom, has found herself increasingly isolated in Christian conservative circles. In 2008, the conservative Witherspoon Institute, where she then worked, included Muslims in a project on the “Social Costs of Pornography.” Today, she fears, “it would be much harder to include Muslims as partners. So many supporters, including donors, would object that it would be viewed as more trouble as it’s worth.”
Bryson regularly participates in the annual March for Life on the National Mall. But “In past few years when people have found out about my work [with Muslims] it has become increasingly unpleasant and increasingly unbearable. When I’m at these events there are several people who will launch into tirades about Islam.” One of the anti-abortion publications she used to read is lifesitenews.com, which was created by a Canadian group called Campaign Life. But the site is now so infused with hostility to Muslims and Islam that she no longer reads it.
There are two ironies here. First, much of the Christian right’s influence rests on its success in building alliances between religious groups—evangelicals, Catholics, Mormons and Orthodox Jews—that were once bitterly hostile. Second, Christian conservatives have grown less sympathetic to Muslim religious freedom at exactly the moment that their rhetoric on behalf of religious freedom has grown more thunderous.
No one illustrates the contradiction better than Ted Cruz. When he ran for president, Cruz said fighting for people’s right to freely practice their faith had been his “life’s passion” and he predicted that “2016 is going to be a religious liberty election.” He sometimes invited “religious liberty heroes” on stage at his rallies.
Yet Cruz also chose as one of his foreign policy advisors Frank Gaffney, who testified against the building of a mosque in  Murfeesboro, Tennessee and has claimed that Islam is not really a religion. Cruz himself has called Sharia an “enormous problem” and introduced legislation that could lead to the closure of mosques. Neither Cruz himself, nor many of his Christian conservative supporters, see that a contradiction.
There are several potential explanations for the growing Christian conservative hostility to American Muslims. One is surely the endurance of jihadist terrorism and the bitter failure of America’s wars in the Middle East and South Asia, which has left conservatives both scared of Muslims and skeptical of their ability to embrace “Western values.” A second, less obvious, factor may be the weakening of the social conservative agenda that might have bound Muslims and conservative Christians together.
Ten or twenty years ago, hostility to gay marriage seemed like a powerful common cause. Now it’s a political afterthought. In 2001, George W. Bush devoted his first televised address to stem cell research. Now that issue has receded too. Abortion remains important. But overall, the intersection of sexual and religious morality—the political terrain on which Christian conservatives like Robert P. George imagine building an alliance with American Muslims—is smaller today than it was a decade or two ago. The biggest losers in all this are American Muslim conservatives, who find themselves stranded between a Christian right that dislikes Islam and a progressive left that dislikes what they see as core Islamic teachings.
Last year, a man named Daniel Haqiqatjou warned that, “Expressing any negative attitude toward homosexuality is now seen as hate speech, and the purveyors of that speech are sanctioned, boycotted, and can even face criminal charges in certain countries. It should not be underestimated how such steep consequences and strict policing have influenced the religious conversation on homosexuality.” The words could have been uttered by Ted Cruz. But Haqiqatjou uttered them at the annual Imam’s Conference of the Assembly of Muslim Jurists of America. Haqiqatjou worries that Islamophobia is leading American Muslims to embrace a left that does not actually respect Muslim religious beliefs.
“There has been this tendency to racialize Muslims,” he noted, “for Muslims to adopt this civil rights discourse for themselves and clearly that has moral traction because if you can think of yourself as the newest group that’s been stigmatized then you can use the language of civil rights, which has a lot of currency. But that has theological implications because Muslim is not a race, it’s a set of beliefs that you subscribe to.”
In the Trump era, however, few American Muslims seem to care. They’re willing to support the progressives who defend them against the present onslaught. “I’m not popular in the American Muslim community for speaking out on certain social issues,” Haqiqatjou admits, “because people say this is not a priority for Muslims” right now.
Muslims remain more culturally traditional than Americans as a whole. According to a 2011 Pew Research poll, 68 percent consider themselves “conservative.” But while most Christians who call themselves conservative identify with the GOP, most Muslims now identify with the Democrats. Like African Americans, who also hold some socially conservative views, they do not translate their social conservatism into conservative politics because they will not support a party that often openly disdains them.
Asma Uddin, a Muslim lawyer who worked at Becket before founding the Center for Islam and Religious Freedom, fears that, as a result, American Muslims will not even contemplate the way the progressive social agenda could harm them. In a 2015 speech at Georgetown, she warned that if the government could force a Christian bakery to bake a cake for a gay wedding, it could force a Muslim t-shirt company to print a t-shirt calling Mohammed a pedophile. But like Haqiqatjou, Uddin realizes her arguments hold little weight because “Young Muslim activists have taken the liberal perspective wholesale.”
In 2015, the Islamic Society of North America denounced the Indiana law that aimed to protect Christians from participating in gay weddings, the very protection that Uddin worries conservative Muslims may need themselves.  
Of course, LGBT Americans, and women seeking access to abortions, will not lament the demise of a Christian-Muslim coalition aimed at undermining their rights. But the freedom of American Muslims would be more secure if they could form alliances on both sides of the ideological divide. Sadly, that doesn’t seem likely anytime soon, since Christian conservatives increasingly view Muslims not as fellow believers and moral traditionalists, but as members of a hostile tribe.




ARTICLE
The first congressional election of Donald Trump’s presidency should have been a cakewalk for Republicans.
In a Kansas district Trump carried by 30 points in November, a veteran Republican twice elected to statewide office is facing a little-known Democratic rookie in a race to replace Mike Pompeo, the GOP congressman who became CIA director in January. In three elections beginning in 2010, Pompeo never won less than 60 percent of the vote.
But Republicans have grown anxious about the race between Ron Estes, the second-term Kansas state treasurer, and James Thompson, a civil-rights attorney and Army veteran who had never participated in politics—much less run for office—before caucusing for Bernie Sanders in the Democratic presidential primary a year ago. The election is Tuesday, and after both parties ignored the campaign for weeks, national Republicans have been scrambling to help Estes in ways that suggest the race is much closer than expected. Senator Ted Cruz flew in for a rally on Monday afternoon, President Trump and Vice President Mike Pence have recorded automated phone calls to party voters, and the National Republican Congressional Committee is making a last-minute investment in television ads attacking Thompson over his support for abortion rights.
“The Republicans are absolutely panicking,” crowed Chris Pumpelly, Thompson’s spokesman. “They are absolutely supposed to win this seat, but all of a sudden, they’re bringing in all their heavy artillery.”
Officially, Republicans say they’re confident Estes will hold on, but they acknowledge that even in a comfortably red district, they’ve seen a burst of energy from Democratic activists enraged by Trump’s victory and policies and who are looking for the first opportunity—any election at all, really—where they can send a message and fight back.
In Washington, the GOP’s unified government is off to a slow start. In Kansas, Governor Sam Brownback is deeply unpopular with voters across the board. And with next week’s special House election in Georgia garnering the lion’s share of money and attention from the national parties, the GOP doesn’t want to risk an even more shocking upset.
“I know nobody's been paying attention to the race nationally, but nobody's been paying attention to this race in Kansas either,” said one Republican operative, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss the party’s level of worry about the race. “The only real concern is an awareness issue, that the base knows there’s an election and that they go to the polls and vote.”
There has been no public polling of the Estes-Thompson matchup—an indication itself of how under-the-radar it has flown. In early voting so far, Democrats have turned out at a higher rate than Republicans, but more Republicans have voted overall. “Special elections have unique turnout dynamics, [so] it makes it hard to predict with confidence what will occur,” said Clayton Barker, executive director of the Kansas GOP. Nonpartisan prognosticators still have Estes favored, but the Cook Political Report moved its rating of the race from “Likely Republican” to “Lean Republican” on Monday as it became clear Republicans were worried about the outcome.
The GOP operative also hinted at another possible motive for the NRCC’s spending: building party loyalty. House Republican leaders have failed to corral their members into passing a long-promised repeal and replacement of Obamacare, and they’ll need new lawmakers not only to vote for their priorities but to help with fundraising to hold the majority in 2018. The GOP, the operative said, “is looking for ways to continue to get buy-in from members and from candidates. They wanted to show Estes a little love. Once he’s a member of Congress, I think there’s a little goodwill built between he and the committee.”
Democrats in Washington have watched from afar, chuckling at the Republicans’ last-minute maneuvering. Neither the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee nor the party’s House super PAC has spent a dime on the Kansas race; they’re focused on helping the 30-year-old upstart Jon Ossoff win the seat vacated by former Representative Tom Price, the health and human services secretary, and they’re leery of raising expectations in a district they don’t believe is winnable.
Democratic strategists said in interviews that they suspect Republicans are trying to make sure Estes avoids a victory so narrow that it would spur more panic for the party and talk of a Democratic wave in next year’s midterm elections. “This is a margin play,” one strategist said.
Thompson has raised a respectable sum—more than $250,000—on his own and with help from fundraising pitches from Daily Kos and Our Revolution, the advocacy group that grew out of the Sanders campaign. That’s put him on par with Estes, at least until the late assistance from the NRCC.
Unlike in Georgia, the proxy battle in the Kansas race is about the state’s governor, not the president. A years-long budget crisis blamed on Brownback’s first-term tax cuts has depressed the conservative governor’s approval ratings to among the lowest in the nation, prompting a voter backlash at the polls in 2016 that sent a new wave of Democrats and moderate Republicans into the state legislature.
The Republican-controlled legislature nearly overrode Brownback vetoes of a tax increase and a Medicaid expansion in the last two months, falling just a few votes shy in both instances. Moderates won local elections around the 4th district’s Wichita base, and Thompson’s campaign has tried to tie Estes to Brownback every chance they get. When the governor endorsed Estes earlier this month, it was the Democrat’s campaign that trumpeted the news.
“It’s not about Trump. It’s about Kansas,” Pumpelly said. “The Republican Party has abandoned the people that elected them, and a man like Ron Estes will do nothing but follow the orders of Sam Brownback. If he couldn't stand up to Sam Brownback, there's no way in hell he's going to stand up to Donald Trump when he needs to.”
Jobs, education, and support for veterans have been Thompson’s top policy priorities, and Pumpelly said he was willing to work with the president on issues where they agree, like increased infrastructure investment. “They don’t love or hate Trump,” he said about voters in the district. “James is not interested in going out and just trying to be a thorn in the side of President Trump. That’s not what he’s about.”
Because Trump hired so many Republican lawmakers to serve in his Cabinet, Tuesday’s vote in Kansas is the first of four special elections in GOP districts this spring. (Two Democrats are facing off in California after a non-partisan primary for the seat vacated by former Representative Xavier Becerra when he became the state’s attorney general.)
Special elections have a mixed record in predicting midterm outcomes, but unexpected victories can generate momentum and help a party recruit candidates for the next year’s races. Democrats will need to capture 23 Republican seats to win back the House in 2018—a haul that political forecasters consider difficult but not impossible, considering the party holding the White House usually loses seats in its first midterm election.
Democrats don’t need to win Kansas’s 4th district seat to seize the majority, and on Tuesday, neither party thinks they’re going to. But having narrowly won control of the government for the first time in a decade last fall, Republicans aren’t leaving even the safest-seeming seats to chance.



ARTICLE
Neil Gorsuch was sworn-in as a justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. Two adults were killed, and two students hospitalized, in an apparent murder-suicide at North Park Elementary School in San Bernardino, California. United CEO Oscar Munoz responded to videos of a passenger being forcibly removed from an overbooked flight, calling the incident "an upsetting event." Alabama Governor Robert Bentley will reportedly resign amid allegations that he covered up an affair with a former staffer. A state judge gave Dylann Roof, the man convicted of killing nine black parishioners at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston in 2015, nine life sentences after Roof pleaded guilty to state murder charges.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Shaking Things Up?: Politico’s Shane Goldmacher reports on how the West Wing is preparing for Donald Trump's 100th day in office. “One hundred days is the marker, and we’ve got essentially 2 1/2 weeks to turn everything around,” said one White House official.
A Threat to Threatened Species: President Trump’s proposed wall along the U.S.-Mexico border could cause irreversible damage to ecosystems, and seriously threaten local wolf and jaguar species. Here’s how. (Eliza Barclay and Sarah Frostenson, Vox)
Highlighting Obama’s Mistake: Donald Trump’s action in Syria shows the president’s capacity to change his mind, writes Jonathan S. Tobin, but it is also “the strongest possible repudiation of Obama’s legacy.” (National Review)
A Pipeline to SCOTUS: Leonard Leo, a conservative lawyer and executive vice president of the Federalist Society, is responsible for the selection of one third of the Supreme Court’s justices. Justice Neil Gorsuch is Leo’s latest victory. (Jeffrey Toobin, The New Yorker)
Getting the Story Right: Last week, media outlets reported that Susan Rice requested the identities of Trump associates who were swept up in U.S. surveillance. Matt Pearce and Michael Finnegan review the different ways mainstream and conservative outlets covered the story. (The Los Angeles Times)
Mapping the Targets in Syria: View these graphics and satellite images to see the effects of last week’s U.S. airstrikes on Syria’s Al Shayrat airfield. (The New York Times)
President Trump has reportedly played golf 16 times since taking office, outpacing former President Obama whose first documented golf outing happened near his 100-day mark.
In addition to golf, Obama also enjoyed pickup basketball games with friends and White House staffers. George W. Bush was an avid runner and had a treadmill added on Air Force One. If you were president, what would be your preferred leisure activity and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
After a sudden vacancy, the unprecedented refusal to consider a nominee, the inauguration of a new president, a deeply partisan confirmation vote, and the destruction of a Senate tradition, Justice Neil Gorsuch now sits on the U.S. Supreme Court. But it will still take a few months before his full impact on the high court, and the country, will be felt.
Gorsuch was formally sworn-in on Monday, returning the high court to its full strength for the first time since Antonin Scalia died in February 2016. Justices typically retire at the end of the Court’s annual term in June, so that their successors can be confirmed over the summer before the next term begins in the fall—thereby keeping any disruption to a minimum. This time, however, Gorsuch will be joining the court midstream.
The 49-year-old jurist from Colorado is universally expected to become a reliable voice on the Court’s conservative wing. That voice will be pretty quiet at first: He won’t take part in deciding any case for which the other justices already heard oral arguments, unless the Court schedules it for rehearing next fall. But he will hear the final 13 cases of the term during the Court’s April sitting. With only eight justices, the Court largely avoided taking on any blockbuster cases like it has in years past. A notable exception is Trinity Lutheran Church v. Comer, a case that could lead to a major religious-freedom ruling, and one in which Gorsuch could play a big part.
At first glance, Trinity Lutheran is about resurfacing children’s playgrounds. Missouri’s Scrap Tire Program offers state funds to nonprofit groups that replace playground surfaces with recycled rubber. The church applied to the program in 2012 to replace the gravel surface of its playground, but the state rejected its application, citing a clause in Missouri’s state constitution that bars the use of state funds “directly or indirectly, in aid of any church, sect, or denomination of religion.”
Trinity Lutheran Church argued that that provision violates the U.S. Constitution’s First Amendment by discriminating against religious organizations. Missouri countered that because it does not favor or disfavor any church over another, it meets the Establishment Clause’s standards. If the justices side with Trinity Lutheran, states could find it harder to avoid making grants to religious nonprofits with taxpayer money. The case is also being closely watched by school-choice advocates: A ruling limiting the Missouri constitution’s clause could weaken similar provisions in other state constitutions that block public funds from going to private religious-based schools.
Gorsuch’s approach to this case will be closely scrutinized. While serving on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals, his record suggested he’d be favorable to broader religious-freedom claims. In Hobby Lobby v. Burwell, a case targeting the Affordable Care Act’s contraceptive mandate, Gorsuch sided with the plaintiff’s view that the mandate burdened the company owners’ religious beliefs. (The Supreme Court subsequently ruled in Hobby Lobby’s favor on review.) Gorsuch also voted for the entire Tenth Circuit to review a three-judge panel’s ruling against the plaintiffs in Little Sisters of the Poor v. Burwell, one of a group of contraceptive-mandate cases heard by the Court in 2016 under the name Zubik v. Burwell. The justices ultimately sent Zubik, Little Sisters, and the other cases back to the lower courts for further hearings.
If a deadlock arises in any case already heard this year by the Court, the justices could schedule it for rehearing next term to include Gorsuch and break the 4-4 tie. One such case where the justices appeared to be sharply divided after oral arguments was Bank of America v. Miami, a racial-discrimination lawsuit challenging bank-foreclosure practices under the Fair Housing Act of 1968. Punting the case to the next term would give Gorsuch the opportunity to weigh in on the scope of a landmark civil-rights law.
His immediate influence won’t be limited to this term’s cases, either. On Thursday, Gorsuch will join the justices’ weekly conferences for the first time. There, the nine justices vote on which cases from lower courts they’ll accept for review and which petitions they’ll deny. Four votes are required to accept a case, even when the Court only has eight members, so his presence will likely restore the influence of the Court’s conservative wing when shaping the docket.
One of those pending cases, Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission, could offer some insight into Gorsuch’s views on the interaction between religious-freedom claims and LGBT rights. The case was brought by Jack Phillips, a baker who cited his religious beliefs when he refused to make a wedding cake for a gay couple. Multiple state courts sided with the Colorado Civil Rights Commission, which found that Phillips violated the state’s public-accommodations laws by discriminating against gay couples.
Masterpiece Cakeshop first reached the Court in December, but the justices haven’t yet announced whether they’ll hear it; Gorsuch’s first conference will be the eighth one at which they’ve considered the case. The Court doesn’t publicly disclose how the justices vote on petitions, but if they’re rejected, each justice can either write a dissent or simply instruct the clerk to add that he or she “would have voted to grant the petition.” If the Court declines to accept the case, many observers will be looking to see if Gorsuch dissents from the denial in some way.
Other pending petitions could offer Gorsuch some early opportunities to weigh in on major constitutional issues and high-profile legal battles. In Peruta v. California, the justices will have a chance to review last year’s major Ninth Circuit ruling that found that there is no constitutional right to carry concealed firearms in public. The Court hasn’t heard a major Second Amendment case since McDonald v. Chicago in 2010, when a 5-4 majority ruled its protections for individual ownership also bind state laws. The justices could also revisit voting rights in North Carolina v. North Carolina NAACP after a federal appeals court struck down state election-law changes last year that it said targeted black voters with “almost surgical precision.”
But the areas where Gorsuch will have the strongest influence are still looming on the horizon. When the high court’s last term began in October 2015, its conservative wing was poised to deliver major rulings on multiple fronts. In Friedrichs v. California Teachers Association, the justices looked set to overturn a major labor-law precedent and sharply curtail public-sector unions’ ability to organize. The conservative majority also appeared ready to rule against the contraceptive mandate in Zubik, a potentially important case on religious freedom and women’s health.
Scalia’s death in February scuttled those rulings and others, forcing the Court into a 4-4 deadlock in Friedrichs and in another case on Barack Obama’s executive orders on immigration. (President Trump’s victory in November will likely render the latter case moot.) The justices publicly punted on Zubik by sending it back to the lower courts for further review, but the Court’s strange behavior ahead of the decision strongly suggested a 4-4 split behind the scenes. With the Court’s conservative wing once again at full strength, those cases’ underlying issues will likely become the first of many in which Gorsuch plays a pivotal role for decades to come.



ARTICLE
Updated on April 10 at 7:10 p.m.
The strange, sad saga of Robert Bentley’s governorship of Alabama is over.
The Republican was booked in the Montgomery County jail Monday afternoon on  a pair of misdemeanor campaign-finance charges. He pled guilty to both as part of a deal that sidesteps the four felony charges he might have faced. He later resigned, bringing to a close one of the odder sex scandals in recent memory, something like a soft-core porno by Robert Penn Warren.
Impeachment proceedings for the governor were to begin Monday in Montgomery. Last week, the Alabama Ethics Commission found probable cause that Bentley had broken ethics and campaign-finance laws. On Friday, Bentley convinced a judge to block the impeachment hearings, and he refused to step down. “I do not plan to resign. I have done nothing illegal,” he said at a news conference. “If the people want to know if I misused state resources, the answer is simply no. I have not.”
But on Saturday, the state supreme court reversed the injunction, clearing the way for impeachment to start.
Bentley was replaced by Lieutenant Governor Kay Ivey, who is also a Republican. She will be Alabama’s second female governor, after Lurleen Burns Wallace, George Wallace’s wife.
Some politicians are dogged by reputations as womanizers or prone to corruption for much of their careers. But the story of how Bentley, an unassuming, awkward, and devout Christian doctor with an undistinguished legislative career, became Alabama’s most notorious governor since George Wallace remains difficult to believe, more than a year after the scandal first emerged.
The roots go back further than that. Bentley was a surprise governor, winning office in 2011 despite the skepticism of the state’s political establishment. During his campaign, Bentley hired Rebekah Mason, a former TV newscaster, to work in his communications office. She remained with the governor after his victory, and though she was a political rookie, Mason soon accrued vast influence with the governor. Her husband also got a job on Bentley’s staff.
Some of Bentley’s friends became alarmed at Mason’s sway over the governor. Meanwhile, Bentley’s wife of nearly a half century thought she noticed him behaving strangely. In 2014, as Jason Zengerle reported in GQ, Dianne Bentley sprung a trap on her husband while on a trip to the beach, leaving her cell phone behind and recording as she went for a walk. The recording captured Bentley calling Mason. He told her he loved her, and indulged in some awkward almost-dirty talk: “When I stand behind you and I put my arms around you, and I put my hands on your breasts, and I put my hands on you and pull you in real close, hey, I love that, too.”
Despite family confrontations on both the Bentley and Mason sides of the family, the apparent affair—Bentley denied there was ever a physical relationship—stayed a secret. In August 2014, Spencer Collier, the head of the state law enforcement agency, and the head of Bentley’s security detail confronted him and told him he had to break off the relationship. Bentley agreed, but then changed his mind and decided to continue. With the secret open in his office and family, Bentley seemed more empowered to just continue things, Zengerle wrote. That fall, Bentley was reelected. In 2015, Dianne Bentley filed for and was granted divorce.
In March 2016, however, Bentley fired Spencer Collier, saying he’d misused state funds. Collier responded by pulling the curtain back on the whole affair, accusing the governor of an inappropriate relationship and mentioning the existence of Dianne Bentley’s secret tape. Days later, the tape itself leaked.
Incredibly, Bentley held on for more than a year. He wasn’t the only big scandal going on in the Yellowhammer state—the speaker of the state house was under investigation, and the chief justice of the state supreme court, the controversial Roy Moore, was on his way to his second removal from office. The Alabama House Judiciary Committee began an impeachment inquiry, but the investigation was put on hold in November when Alabama Attorney General Luther Strange requested that they halt it while he looked into the matter, but he never confirmed he was investigating Bentley.
The delicate equilibrium fell apart in February, when U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions was confirmed as President Trump’s attorney general, creating a vacancy for one of the state’s two Senate seats. Bentley appointed Strange to fill the job. Some critics saw this as political manipulation on the governor’s part: He could deftly remove the man with possible control over his fate by giving him an exalted office.
If that was the goal, it didn’t work. Steven Marshall, whom Bentley appointed as the new attorney general, promptly confirmed the investigation that Strange had refused to confirm, with an announcement that Marshall would recuse himself.
The proximate cause of Bentley’s downfall was not sexual misconduct itself. Following the old saw that the coverup is always worse than the crime, Bentley is accused to misusing state resources to try to hide his relationship with Mason, including using law-enforcement muscle to try to prevent the release of the tapes. The impeachment report released last week also lit into Bentley for being uncooperative. (The report lays out plenty of the semi-lurid details, at great length—more teen puppy love than X-rated.)
At the county courthouse on Monday, Bentley had to post $300 bond for each of his charges. The cash hit was just one more pice for the governor in a scandal that also cost him his marriage, his reputation, and his job.



ARTICLE
The election of Donald Trump, and the early days of his presidency, have driven many Americans to rummage through history in search of context and understanding. Trump himself has been compared to historical figures ranging from Ronald Reagan to Henry Ford, and from Andrew Jackson to Benito Mussolini. His steps have been condemned as unprecedented by his critics, and praised as historic by his supporters.
To place contemporary events in perspective, we turned to a pair of historians of the United States. Julian Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University. He is the author, most recently, of The Fierce Urgency of Now: Lyndon Johnson, Congress, and the Battle for the Great Society. Morton Keller is a professor emeritus of history at Brandeis University. He has written or edited more than 15 books, including Obama’s Time: A History. They’ll be exchanging views periodically on how to understand Trump, his presidency, and this moment in political time. —Yoni Appelbaum
Morton Keller: Within the space of a couple of weeks, President Donald Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan suffered the major setback of a failure to get the House to pass their Obamacare reform bill, and Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer and the Democrats suffered the major setback of a failure to block the appointment of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court.
A clutch of questions emerges from these developments. Is Obamacare saved? If it will be amended, how and by how much? Or will the Republican repeal-and-replace goal come back to life?
Will Trump have another Supreme Court appointment (or two) to make before the end of his first term? Will the filibuster have a rebirth when (or if) the GOP-led Congress begins to pass substantive legislation? Or is it destined to join the Dodo in the land of species made obsolete by change?
One thing seems clear: what is happening in Washington now is not solely the unsettling presence of Trump. Surely Trump's—shall we say unusual—personality and mode of governance is an important factor. But the fact that he and his quirks reside in the White House is in itself the most conspicuous result of a sea change in the character of American political culture.
The rejection of Robert Bork in 1981 and the assault on Clarence Thomas in 1991 were forecasts of what was to come. But the strongly conservative Antonin Scalia was confirmed 98-0 by the Senate in 1986, and the strongly liberal Ruth Bader Ginsberg by 96-3 in 1993.
In my view, the confrontational die was cast by the contested 2000 presidential election. Democrats were deeply angered by what they regarded as a Supreme Court-contrived result. That anger got a new lease on life in 2016, with  Democrats dwelling on the uncertain influence of the Russians rather than the much more probable lapses of the Clinton campaign in a contest which could quite readily have gone the other way.
But whatever the causes, here we are—and what if anything can be done about it? My view is that as the First Hundred Days milestone of the Trump administration approaches, it would serve both sides well if they took a deep breath and considered the long-term costs as well as the short-term benefits of paying excessive attention to their core support. I don't think that Trump will flourish politically if he tries to rely on his true believers. And I don't think the high road to Democratic recovery is defined by the take-no-prisoners Trump haters. The Whigs learned the lesson of learning from and not just demonizing the opposition in the 1830s. The same lesson was ignored by the Secessionists in the 1860s and by the anti-FDR Republicans in the 1930s and 1940s.   
Beyond the deprived Deplorables of the Midwest and the ideologues of the House Republican Freedom Caucus, or the take-no-prisoners left liberals of New York, California, and the college towns, there is a larger, conflicted, concerned plurality hungry for a politics and government that is less polarized and more effective. The party that is first to figure out how to appeal to the muddled middle without alienating its convinced core is the party that is most likely to flourish in the future.
Some possible straws in the wind: Trump's removal of Stephen Bannon from the National Security Council, or the tempered response of the Democratic leadership to the US missile assault on the Syrian airfield from which Bashar al-Assad's planes launched their latest gas attack.
Julian Zelizer: Partisanship has taken its toll on Washington. While this is not the first period in American politics where partisan polarization divided the nation—think of the late 19th century, for instance—this is one of the worse periods. There is just very little common ground on Capitol Hill. I agree that Trump is a product and not a cause of bitter polarization. As the gridlocked nomination of Merrick Garland reminds us, politics was pretty bad before Trump took center stage.
I don't think there are many straws in the wind though. Partisanship is not a product of bad feelings or had people but of institutions and political structures, as well as demographic changes, that push our leaders apart. All of those remain firmly in place.
The only way we really make progress is to reform the way that politics works. Without changes to our districting process the Freedom Caucus will remain in place. Without campaign finance changes politicians will still be turning to issue based interest groups who will pressure politicians to stick to the party line. We would also need changes in non-government institutions such as media outlets to obtain less partisan news. Those changes can't be legislated but will have to be a product of the producers and editors who make the news.
Until the nation does the partisan pressures will only intensify and it's hard to see the light that would move the leaders of the parties to change directions. Trump might certainly be an outlier in his behavior and more uncontrollable than anyone else in the White House but he reflects the way partisan polarization has reshaped the fundamentals. Perhaps the reason that the Gorsuch nomination process was so hard to watch was because it simply exposed our current state of politics.
Keller: I don't fully agree. While political events like the 2000 and 2016 elections exacerbated the gridlock of the political process, the fact remains that politicians tend not to be so much ideologues as rent-seekers who, yes, do what they believe in but are also, when it suits them, able to function across party lines and get things done. (Take, for example, Clinton's reset on Serbia-Kosovo in the 1990s, his welfare bill, or Bush and Kennedy and No Child Left Behind.)
You are quite right to emphasize the current intensity of political polarization. But that has happened before: e.g., the slavery-secession division of the 1850s (a discouraging example), and the anti-FDR/anti-New Deal furor of the mid-1930s (a more hopeful example). The ferocity of the anti-Roosevelt rhetoric easily matches that currently directed at Trump.
If Trump should adopt a more tempered approach to his presidency (increasingly a political necessity, though there's no telling with him), there won't be an explosion of political good feeling. But there may be a chance of something closer to the customary American political ambience of highly contentious but mutually beneficial wheeling and dealing.
What to do about Assad and Syria, or what to do about taxes and infrastructure, doesn't have the ideological or cultural heft of the issues that dominated the early months of the Trump presidency: Did Trump and the Russians collude to defeat Clinton? Did Obama use the intelligence establishment to spy on the Trump campaign? Should Obamacare be replaced? Should the Republicans be prevented from nominating a Supreme Court justice?
Zelizer: While it is true that there are degrees of partisanship and moments of breakthrough in our current era, they are far and few between. The No Child Left Behind example is instructive. President Bush and Senator Ted Kennedy worked together on the legislation following the contentious 2000 election, but then “bipartisanship” almost totally broke down, including over national-security issues post-9/11. The same was true with the Serbia-Kosovo examples. Sure, there has been issue-based bipartisanship, but the general atmosphere of the 1990s brought us the impeachment. During the 1930s, the anti-Roosevelt sentiment was very intense, but of course in that period the two parties were deeply divided so there were more structural opportunities for bipartisan cooperation.
Of course, Trump does have the opportunity to try to break through this. It will be difficult. His victory in 2016 depended on partisan polarization. Most Republicans in red states voted for him despite all the discussion of a intra-party “civil war.” This was more important than the small number of swing voters in states like Michigan and Wisconsin who moved from the Democratic camp to the Republican. If Trump tried to makes some bipartisan deals in the next few months he will encounter fierce resistance from Freedom Caucus Republicans as well as most of the others in the GOP, who, despite all the rhetoric, still face the same electoral incentives not to cooperate with Democrats. Most Democrats would also have trouble at the electoral level if they decided to work with this president.
All of this is to say that I’m skeptical any president—especially someone as contentious and divisive as Trump—can change the partisan dynamics that we are seeing. Without changing the institutions and the processes, any bipartisan moments will be an aberration.



ARTICLE
Depending on who you’re talking to, the story of America’s founding may be told very differently. Some liberals might describe a nation animated by secular Enlightenment values, where freedom from religion is just as important as freedom of religion. And some conservatives might point to the country’s so-called Judeo-Christian heritage, with the Bible as its foundational text.
Both of these stories are wrong, according to Phil Gorski, a professor of sociology and religious studies at Yale. In his new book, American Covenant, Gorski argues that these opposing stories are the basis of the culture wars: They’ve made it difficult for people to believe they can still share civic values even if they don’t share other beliefs.
The more accurate story of America is one of “civil religion,” Gorski writes, that cherishes a founding myth and agreed-upon set of civic values and responsibilities. Understanding America’s tradition of civil religion is important for reviving the “vital center,” as he calls it: “believers and nonbelievers, Republicans and Democrats who support a moderate form of secularism and a liberal form of nationalism.” This is “not a mushy middle that splits the difference between left and right,” he says, nor does it “purport to be a ‘third way’ that ‘transcends’ debate.” Rather, the project is about re-learning how to talk to one another and establishing a set of shared principles derived from American history.
The stakes are high. “If we fail to rebuild the vital center, it will mean the end not only of American democracy—what is now left of it, anyway—but of the American creed itself: e pluribus unum,” Gorski writes. “The eyes of the world are still upon us. And if we should fail, the God of history will not deal kindly with us.”
I spoke with Gorksi about civil religion and the state of the culture wars. Our conversation has been edited and condensed for clarity.
Emma Green: What is civil religion?
Philip Gorski: Civil religion is the way a particular people thinks about the transcendent purposes of a life together. One might understand “transcendent” in a traditional religious sense, or one might just understand it as some kind of ultimate value or higher purpose that a nation or polity is built around.
American civil religion is a specific version of that.
Green: You contrast civil religion with two other narratives of American democracy: radical secularism and religious nationalism. Describe what those are.
Gorski: The radical-secular interpretation of American history is that American democracy is an Enlightenment project based solely on secular values. The religious-nationalist interpretation is that America was founded as a Christian nation, and our laws and Constitution are all grounded in Christian or Judeo-Christian scripture. One of the points of the book is to show that at the many junctures of our history, those two sources have been intertwined with each other.
One of my favorite examples of this is Benjamin Franklin’s draft seal for the United States. The image is of Moses parting the Red Sea and the Israelites crossing over behind him. Franklin can hardly be suspected of being a particularly orthodox Christian, yet he thought this narrative belied something fundamental about the American project.
Another example is Thomas Paine’s famous tract, Common Sense. Radical secularists often point to Paine when they’re arguing for the Enlightenment character of the American founding. Yet if you look at the first eight or 10 pages of Common Sense, Paine frames it entirely around an interpretation of 1 Samuel 8. The text was the basis of his argument about God preferring republican forms of government.
One can find this argument among arguably the least orthodox Christian figures in the founding generation. How much more influential must it have been among those for whom the Bible was a touchstone?
People are trying to cook the books of moral accounting in American history.
Green: You describe a tendency among some secular thinkers to cast America’s past leaders as non-religious. What’s up with that?
Gorski: People are trying to cook the books of moral accounting in American history. They want people whom they admire as important civic leaders to have the “right” motivations—which is to say, secular motivations. They want to wave away any inspiration those people might have received from Christianity.
Christopher Hitchens was very dismissive of Barack Obama’s quite public professions of Christian faith, saying this was just a guy with political ambitions putting on a show and telling the audience what it wanted to hear. In God Is Not Great, he says the same thing about Martin Luther King, which to me is even more implausible.
I don’t think he is right, but it doesn’t really matter if he was. The point is that biblical narratives still provide an overarching framework for thinking about who we are, where we came from, and where we want to be going. Many secular people too easily forget that many of their most cherished values are partly our values because they merge with Christianity.
Green: What are the major blind spots of radical secularism—including ones you encounter in the academy?
Gorski: In general, academic analyses of history or contemporary society tend to give very short shrift to religion. I think there is a tendency to think of religion as secondary or epiphenomenal, and not to take it into consideration.
Not that it’s just religion. Another great example of this is sports, which is one of the most important things to many non-academics, yet is one of the least studied subjects in academia.
But I don’t want to paint a picture that’s misleading. There has been increasing recognition over the course of my career of the importance of religion to social and historical development.
“The demand that religious people speak [secular] language is incorrect and unfair.”
Green: You write that radical secularism places unreasonable expectations on people of faith and on democracy because it asks people to translate their beliefs into secular language. Explain what you mean.
Gorksi: The language of secular public discourse appeals passively to values like personal autonomy or maximizing utilities or institutional efficiency. The demand that religious people speak that language, on the grounds that it is a putatively neutral language, is incorrect and unfair. I think it would be just as reasonable to ask that secular people become more religiously literate and engage folks who are coming from a position of faith.
Green: How does this theory translate on issues on which people have radically different views—like religious conservatives opposing the expansion of LGBT rights?
Gorski: This is the much harder question. It’s easier to answer questions in an abstract way.
What I would like to see is more of an effort on both sides of divisive issues like this—for people to engage the other side in their own language. People who are LGBTQ activists could engage these arguments biblically and theologically, and maybe raise questions about the arguments against these rights. And it would be good if people from the religious right took more seriously questions about autonomy, human diversity, and sexual identity than they currently do.
Green: In your book, you point to evangelical Christians as the main purveyors of religious nationalism. Why?
Gorski: If you look at the last 40 or 50 years of American political history, conservative evangelicals have been the most influential voices for a kind of Christian nationalism. I’m not going after them because I think they have been the only spokespeople for Christian nationalism in the United States, but because they’re they ones who have taken up that flag in recent decades.
“I’m a professor, not a pastor or neighborhood leader. Those are the people who would have to rejuvenate the vital center.”
Green: You’re equally hard on libertarians, and particularly religious people who adopt a libertarian viewpoint. Why?
Gorski: I think the libertarian view of freedom is a fundamental misunderstanding of freedom. A more complex understanding of freedom involves mastering your passions, contributing to the common good, and being an active citizen. That, I think, is the traditional view of freedom, and certainly the view of people from John Winthrop to John Adams and Abraham Lincoln to Reinhold Niebuhr had.
Green: You propose that many Americans are in a middle space of some sort—not necessarily between conservative and liberal thinking, but between these poles of radical secularism and religious nationalism. You seem to be arguing that the culture wars aren’t representative of what most people think, feel, say, and experience.
Who are these “middle voters,” and how do you know they exist?
Gorksi: I don’t know for sure that they exist. But I do think we have cultural resources in our shared history that have unified us, even in times of deep division like this one. The fundamental purpose of my book is to recover these resources, and to point people toward this place that I call the vital center.
It’s not a place of perfect agreement or complete consensus. But it is a place where at least we’re all arguing about the same values and feeling that we’re a part of the same long, hard, intergenerational project in the American experiment in democracy.
Whether we can get back to that place—that’s way beyond my job description. I’m a professor, not a pastor, local civic activist, or neighborhood leader. Those are the people who would have to decide to reoccupy and rejuvenate the vital center. All I’m trying to do is put a map out there and point people how to get there.




ARTICLE
Criminal prosecutions against police for acts of force in the line of duty are rarely successful. Two years ago this month, 25-year-old Freddie Gray died from a neck and spinal injury he sustained while under arrest in Baltimore, Maryland. Six officers were charged—with violations ranging from misconduct to what’s known as “second-degree depraved-heart murder”—but ultimately, none were convicted. The officers were permitted to handle administrative work pending an internal investigation by the Montgomery County Police in Maryland, the results of which are protected by privacy laws.
Yet despite the resulting public outrage, this outcome is not surprising. “The legal system doesn’t like second-guessing police officers, because they know the job is hard and violent and they have to keep bad guys off the streets,” a criminologist told NBC News after charges against the Baltimore police were dropped. But one proposed way to work around the courts—and police departments—to address serious misconduct is through the issuance of professional police licenses that can be revoked by the state.
Roger Goldman, a law professor emeritus with Saint Louis University in Missouri, researches ways states can issue these licenses and adopt systems that would decertify officers after instances of serious misconduct, a descriptor that varies from state to state. Without such a system in place, he argues, an officer could be fired in one department and easily rehired by another nearby. For states that already have a system, Goldman advises them on improving the standards required for officers to maintain their certification.
Efforts to certify police officers at the state level may soon receive more attention, as the Justice Department considers backing off Obama-era measures to monitor local police departments. Former President Barack Obama’s Task Force on 21st Century Policing recommended expanding efforts to track decertifications nationwide. But the future of that proposal is uncertain with the new administration’s takeover. Goldman said reports this week that Attorney General Jeff Sessions ordered a review of his department’s consent decrees with troubled police departments suggest that state legislatures may bear more responsibility in the coming years in pushing for local reform.
To learn more, I recently spoke with Goldman about his research and his views of the Trump administration. Our conversation has been lightly edited for length and clarity.  
Candice Norwood: I read a piece you wrote for The Guardian about the importance of professional state licenses for police. Why do you feel licensing specifically is so important to implement?
Roger Goldman: First of all, it’s well understood. If you think of the hundreds of other occupations and professions at the state level—doctors, lawyers, architects, you name it—[that require licenses], and yet we don’t traditionally think about doing something like that for police. When you think about licensing as a way to protect the public, then of all the professions that ought to be licensed, we should require law enforcement to meet those same professional standards—if not tougher standards.
Norwood: And what is the current state of licensing throughout the country? The majority of states have a certification program for police officers, correct?
Goldman: Correct, around 44 states have it. The rough estimate of the total number of officers who have been decertified, meaning they cannot be an officer in that state anymore, is about 30,000. That seems like a big number, but this has been going on since the late ’60s. And the states differ so much. So, for example, three states—North Carolina, Florida, and Georgia—account for about half of all those decertifications. I don’t believe the police officers in those states are any better or worse than others. It just shows that these states have very active decertification programs.
Some states that have decertification programs may have only done 10 in their history. Florida has done about 7,000 decertifications. There are huge variations, and it typically results from the way the [certification] statute is written. For example, if an officer can only be decertified for a conviction of a felony or serious misdemeanor, then there won’t be that many decertifications in that particular state. But for most other professions, we don’t say that someone can only lose their license if they’ve been convicted of a crime. No, if they’ve committed certain kinds of misconduct, whether they’re convicted or not, they’re going to lose that license.
Norwood: That’s an interesting challenge. So even if states have a certification system, they don’t necessarily have strong requirements that would actually result in decertification.
Goldman: Absolutely. That’s why my work continues to be not with just states that don’t have the certification systems—like Massachusetts, California, Hawaii—but also with states that have a system but it’s very weak—like Maryland.
And the states I mentioned that don’t have decertification systems are very blue states. That should be an indication that the opposition is going to come from police union officials. Typically, states that have weak decertification laws will also have very strong protections for police. California is interesting. They used to have the power to “cancel,” which is the same thing as decertification. In 2005 or so, the legislature revoked that power. So California is the only state that’s gone in the opposite direction—from having a certification system to not having one.
Norwood: Your research also touches on another big issue in this discussion, which is when police officers—who are either fired or have resigned after instances of misconduct—then find work in another department. This could be within the same state or in a different state. How pervasive is this?
Goldman: In my research, I’ve seen it happen a lot within St. Louis County.
There are many cases around the country where officers leave their departments because of misconduct and then they are rehired—sometimes knowingly, sometimes not—by other departments. This is why you cannot leave it up to local departments to do the right thing. They are going to hire officers with bad records because they can get them at a discount. These officers have had their training. That’s why you absolutely need to have the states come in and prevent this sort of thing from happening.
Norwood: So let’s talk about the federal level. In one of your papers you discuss the limitations of the federal oversight of local police reform. Can you tell me more about that?
Goldman: Now, this was published before Jeff Sessions became attorney general. The overall point I would make is that there are traditional federal remedies for police misconduct. But if the new administration is going to back off of these remedies—such as the consent decrees—then it becomes even more important to have strong state solutions, too, such as the certification systems.
So specifically, regarding the remedies at the federal level: Federal courts operate something called the “exclusionary rule,” which excludes evidence obtained by police in violation of a defendant’s constitutional rights. But it’s pretty clear the Supreme Court is backing off enforcing that rule over the last several years. Other federal remedies include suing an officer who commits misconduct for damages, or criminally prosecuting that officer. But criminal prosecution is pretty heavy-handed, and it is very hard to win those cases at all. Civil suits can be successful, but still don’t address the issue of removing an officer from the force. Those are reasons why a state certification program could be a way to make sure this person cannot stay on the job. It’s not one versus the other; federal and state remedies can act in tandem toward police reform.
Norwood: And where do you see these efforts going from here with the new administration and Jeff Sessions as the attorney general?
Goldman: It’s difficult to say what Sessions will do because he hasn’t discussed this area of police reform. President Obama’s Task Force on 21st Century Policing recommended a database that would track when officers have been decertified, so that if they go to another state that information would be available. At the moment we don’t know whether the Justice Department under Sessions will pursue that recommended expansion. Currently a databank, the National Decertification Index, exists for this purpose, but only 41 states participate and it’s based on voluntary submissions, rather than federally mandated.
I believe when you focus on the idea of police professionalism, it is very hard to argue against that. So I’m optimistic that when correctly presented, Sessions would not want to have officers who are sexually harassing and so forth. But I have to tell you I’m an eternal optimist.




ARTICLE
"It should be more easy to get out of war than into it," Oliver Ellsworth told the Philadelphia Convention on August 17, 1787.
With the malignant political genius of the nuclear age, Americans have reversed that order of things.
War now takes but a wave of the executive hand, but seems impossible to end. Congress authorized military action against Al Qaeda in 2001, and against the government of Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein in 2002. Hussein is long gone, and Al Qaeda may or may not still exist; legally, however, these wars grind on, the longest-running pair in American history.
Thursday night, without a word to Congress or the public, the Trump Administration impulsively began a third conflict. Neither of the existing authorizations could even remotely be said to authorize Thursday's attack on Syria. We have no way of knowing whether it was a brief executive whim or the beginning of a third nightmare that will outlast the other two.
Here is President Trump's statement of the aims of the missile strike: "I call on all civilized nations to join us in seeking to end the slaughter and bloodshed in Syria, and also to end terrorism of all kinds and all types." His message to Congress is pure boilerplate: “I acted in the vital national security and foreign policy interests of the United States, pursuant to my constitutional authority as Commander-in-Chief and Chief Executive.”
I have no idea what policy in Syria would be effective in protecting that country's people from their murderous government, ending the country's murderous civil war, blocking increased influence by Iran and Russia in the Middle East, and stemming the rise of the Islamic State. I do not know which of the armed groups fighting against the government of Bashar al-Assad are fighting for something like democracy and which are seeking religious or ethnic dictatorships. I can't tell you how a global superpower can affect the political and military outcome of a multi-sided civil war without itself becoming involved in ground operations and even occupation—and dangerous conflict with other major powers.
Wise heads in the Pentagon and the National Security Council may actually have a plan; they may know friend from foe; they may have imagined the next step, and the next, wargaming intelligent American responses in the likely event that things in Syria do not immediately fall into place.
But I don't know. No one outside the small world of national security knows. The president has not even pretended to tell us whether he has any plan at all, and if so, what it is.
Indeed, from his statements on Thursday, it seems at least possible that, moved by the horrific video images of Syrian children suffocated by a gas attack, Trump simply decided to "do something" because, as he said in his statement, "No child of god should ever suffer such horror."
The impulse to act without thinking would be understandable. Careful planning and clarity of purpose aren't easy in a fast-moving international situation. But the framers of the Constitution constructed a mechanism to reduce or eliminate the danger that a president would take the nation to war on a fleeting impulse.
They gave the power to initiate war not to the president but to Congress.
Article I § 8 cl. 11 gives Congress the prerogative to "declare war." The powers surrounding that grant suggest that everything about the choice of war is a congressional power. Article II § 2 cl. 1 makes the president "commander in chief of the Army and Navy ... and of the militia”—but the context doesn't suggest that is the power to "command" the entire nation into war. In fact, the original wording of Article I gave Congress the entire power to "make war," with nothing given to the president. The Convention amended the words to "declare war," in order to give the president the narrow power to, in the words of Madison's Notes, "repel sudden attacks."
Roger Sherman of Connecticut objected that the wording gave the  president too little power. He was rebuked by Eldridge Gerry of Massachusetts, Oliver Ellsworth of Massachusetts, and George Mason of Virginia, who all agreed that reposing the war choice in the executive would be dangerous.
"Mr. GERRY," the Notes record, "never expected to hear, in a republic, a motion to empower the Executive alone to declare war." Though often flouted by overreaching presidents and craven Congresses, that division of power remains the law of the land.
Unless the United States or its vital interests are under attack, the president must ask Congress before using military force against another country. The restriction may seem largely formal—the last time Congress actually turned down such a request was when the Senate blocked the Armed Ship Bill requested by President Woodrow Wilson in 1917. But it's not an empty formality. A president who wants to take the nation into war should be able to put the request in writing, explain it to the nation in his own words, and send diplomats and military leaders to lay out the policy behind the request, the scope of the conflict it is likely to produce, and the criteria by which the nation can measure success.
The action in Syria does not respond to "a sudden attack" on the United States. Nor can the Administration even try to hide behind the Obama-era dodge that it is not sending U.S. forces into "hostilities." If that rationalization ever served, it doesn't do so here. While the renewed use of chemical weapons in Syria may be an emergency, I haven't yet heard an explanation of why the United States cannot do what any prudent power would—follow its own laws and international law, persuade and inform its own people, seek the assent of the United Nations Security Council, consult its allies, and set forth its war aims.
In retrospect, it America's failure to intervene in Syria in 2013 was probably  a historic mistake.
It was not Barack Obama's mistake alone, but one made by the entire nation. Obama announced his plans but then asked Congress to approve them—precisely as the Constitution requires. His critics portray this request—the one time when Obama actually refused to violate the war powers system of the Constitution—as his personal folly. But members of both his own and the opposition parties in Congress made it known that they would not back his request; many elder statesman opposed the intervention; and national polls showed a solid majority of the public opposed.
After the apparent nerve gas attack last week, the current president issued a grotesquely improper official statement blaming Obama for Assad's recent crime. In 2013, however, private-citizen Trump had loudly and strenuously objected to Obama's planned intervention and demanded the president seek the approval of Congress.
However harshly history may judge the default of 2013, it was a failure not of one leader but of national will. Has the nation regained its will for a prolonged, bloody, and morally ambiguous struggle in Syria? Or will the United States drop the conflict after a few loud booms? That Donald Trump has, for the moment at least, changed his mind is not only of limited constitutional relevance—it also tells us less than nothing about whether the American people understand, accept, and embrace what may be needed for the intervention to succeed.
Harry S Truman was the first American president to commit to a major intervention—in Korea—without even the pretense of congressional approval. Because he had set forth no war aims, he could not resist Gen. Douglas MacArthur's pressure to blunder into war with China. Because he had not obtained Congressional assent, he found himself alone when the war turned dangerous.
If Truman were here to warn Trump, would he, or would anyone in 2017 Washington, even listen? They have not listened to Madison, or Gerry, or Ellsworth, or Mason.



ARTICLE
President Trump’s decision this week to launch airstrikes against the Syrian regime has come as a bitter disappointment to those who cast their votes last November for “America First”-style isolationism. But the betrayal shouldn’t come as a surprise. While this episode may have been the one to finally debunk the pundit-pleasing myth of “Donald the Dove,” the truth is that Trump’s mutation into a missile-lobbing interventionist was, most likely, always inevitable.
That’s because, as with everything else, Trump’s approach to matters of war and peace appears to be more attitudinal than philosophical—motivated by instinct, manifested in tough talk, and rooted in a worldview that holds up the cultivation of fear as the most effective way to win respect and obedience.
Though Trump lacks the level of knowledge and grasp of history necessary to form an all-encompassing foreign policy doctrine, he has consistently articulated a belief that America’s enemies around the world can be terrified into submission—if the commander-in-chief is willing to send a strong message. Even if Trump had opted to stay out of the Syrian conflict, that belief of his—paired with a general aversion to the compromises of diplomacy—likely would have led him to abandon whatever isolationist tendencies he harbored sooner or later.
Trump made little effort during the campaign to conceal the contradictions inherent to his isolationist posture and his crowd-pleasing saber-rattling. “We’re fighting a very politically correct war,” he said in one interview. “We’re not taking it to [ISIS], and we have to take it to them,” he said in another. During a NBC News forum last September, Trump said, “I think under the leadership of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, the generals have been reduced to rubble. They have been reduced to a point where it's embarrassing to our country. ... And I can just see the great, as an example, Gen. George Patton spinning in his grave as ISIS, we can't beat."
To right the ship, Trump repeatedly declared on the campaign trail—in his trademark bellicose style—that he would be much tougher on foreign enemies and adversaries than past presidents have been. He gleefully pledged to “bomb the shit out of” ISIS-controlled oil wells and then make off with the oil. He flaunted his support for the use of torture, and ridiculed anyone who opposed it. On multiple occasions, he said he would deter and demoralize terrorists by killing their families. If Trump was anti-war, he seemed decidedly pro-war-crimes.  
In one particularly vivid example, Trump told a story (which turned out to be apocryphal) about former U.S. Army General John Pershing summarily executing Muslim prisoners with bullets soaked in pig’s blood. “He had his men load his rifles and he lined up the fifty people, and they shot 49 of those people,” Trump told a crowd in South Carolina. “And the fiftieth person he said ‘You go back to your people and you tell them what happened.’” For Trump, the moral of the story was in the kicker: “And for 25 years there wasn’t a problem, okay?”
Beyond fighting terrorism, Trump has often said the U.S. needs to be more “unpredictable” on the world stage. While running for president, he pointedly refused to take the potential use of nuclear weapons off the table, even in places like Europe. That probably wasn’t because he had big plans to bomb Estonia; it was because he wanted to place as few constraints on himself as possible, believing that the more nervous he made the world as commander-in-chief, the less likely it was that adversaries would mess with America. Some have identified this approach as a return to the “Madman Theory,” Richard Nixon’s belief that if his enemies thought he was unbalanced, he would have a stronger negotiating position against China on the Vietnam War.
But, of course, Trump does not have Nixon’s discipline or depth of knowledge, nor does he have George W. Bush’s level of conviction, or Barack Obama’s cerebral patience—all qualities that could have come in handy for a president who hoped to defy the vast Washington establishment in pursuit of a radical departure from foreign policy orthodoxy. Instead, Trump entered the Oval Office with a bone-deep belief in vengeance, a tendency toward impulsiveness, and a history of saber-rattling rhetoric.
There are strong arguments for and against Trump’s decision to intervene in Syria. But whether it happened this week or next, in Syria or someplace else, the president was bound to disappoint his isolationist supporters sooner or later.



ARTICLE
Senators from both sides of the aisle are lamenting the death of the filibuster for Supreme Court nominations, arguing that its demise will further exacerbate partisan dysfunction and congressional gridlock. But the end of the filibuster is a symptom of the death spiral of the Senate into permanent polarization, not its cause.
The history of the filibuster, as recounted by Josh Chafetz, suggests that it was a historical accident and only became a tool for permanent minority obstruction relatively recently. Article I, Section 5 of the Constitution gives each house of Congress the authority to set the rules for its own proceedings.  And, in the early years of the Republic, senators could end debate by calling for the “previous question,” which required a simple majority vote.  Furthermore, Thomas Jefferson, described by Chafetz as “the great parliamentarian of the early Republic,” said, “No one is to speak impertinently or beside the question, superfluously or tediously,” and, “if repeated calls do not produce order, the Speaker may call by his name any member obstinately persisting in irregularity, whereupon the house may require the member to withdraw.” (Chafetz has debated the history and constitutionality of the filibuster with Richard Arenberg, who offers a different perspective.)
The Senate abolished the previous question motion in 1806, at the urging of Aaron Burr. But this wasn’t because the Senate sought to enshrine a principle of unlimited debate. Instead, Burr thought that the rule wasn’t needed because it was rarely used. As political scientist Sarah Binder explained in testimony before the Senate in 2010, “The history of extended debate in the Senate belies the received wisdom that the filibuster was an original, constitutional feature of the Senate. The filibuster is more accurately viewed as the unanticipated consequence of an early change to Senate rules.”
Following the 1806 rule change, a minority could begin to use the filibuster to obstruct actions in the Senate. But that didn’t really happen. In fact, for most of American history, majorities who held both the House and the Senate were generally able to get through nominations and laws, as the Framers intended.
Scholars debate the lessons of early congressional history. Some point to a 1790 debate over where to locate Congress as the earliest example of delay tactics akin to a filibuster.  Others mention early master obstructionists, such as Virginia’s John Randolph and South Carolina’s John C. Calhoun.  For example, as Erwin Chemerinsky and Catherine Fisk explain, Randolph had “compiled such a record for protracted irrelevant talk during his service in the House and his subsequent brief tenure in the Senate that Thomas Jefferson used the generic term ‘a John Randolph’ to describe one who protracted the proceedings of Congress.”  And, as Chafetz notes, Calhoun “repeatedly used” delay tactics “in an attempt to protect the interests of the Southern states.”
Chemerinsky and Fisk also point to specific examples of early filibusters in antebellum America—for instance, in fights over patronage positions on the Congressional Globe and in a battle over the national bank.  By 1863, the filibuster—as an exercise in obstruction—had acquired its official name.  Nevertheless, as Chafetz explains, filibusters were “relatively rare in the nineteenth century.”  And, Chemerinsky and Fisk add that “almost every filibustered measure before 1880 was eventually passed.”  So, as late as 1880, the filibuster did not yet function as a regular veto by a Senate minority. But the Senate’s workload increased significantly after the Civil War, as the role of the national government grew. As a result, the costs of the filibuster greatly increased.
Senate concerns about ongoing obstruction came to a head in 1917, in a debate over a bill that would have armed merchant ships in the run-up to American involvement in World War I.  As Will Englund explained, this was intended to protect the ships from German U-boats.  A group of 11 progressive Senators—led by Senator Robert La Follette, a Republican from Wisconsin—blocked the bill.  President Woodrow Wilson countered, “A little group of willful men, representing no opinion but their own . . . have rendered the great government of the United States helpless and contemptible.”  The Senate then adopted the cloture rule, which provided a way of cutting off debate and ending a filibuster with a two-thirds vote.
Despite this rule change, the filibuster did not yet function as a de facto super-majority requirement for all major legislation.  Take the New Deal era, for example.  As Chafetz notes, Democrats didn’t have a filibuster-proof majority at the beginning of President Franklin D. Roosevelt’s first term.  Nevertheless, no cloture motions were filed during this period, and Congress passed several landmark pieces of legislation, including the National Industrial Recovery Act, the Glass-Steagall Act, the Agricultural Adjustment Act, and the Securities Act.
As Chafetz explained, senators did deploy the filibuster in one important context—civil rights. Senator Strom Thurmond filibustered the Civil Rights Act of 1957 for 24 hours and 18 minutes.  Less than a decade later, Southern senators used the filibuster to hold up the Civil Rights Act of 1964 from February through June—a total of 60 Senate working days.  Both bills ultimately passed.  Southern senators also filibustered the Voting Rights Act of 1965, the Fair Housing Act of 1968, and the Equal Opportunity Act of 1972.
Senators also used the filibuster to block Judge Abe Fortas’s nomination as chief justice of the United States.  On June 26, 1968, President Lyndon Johnson nominated then-Justice Fortas to succeed Earl Warren as chief justice.  However, during Fortas’s confirmation battle, senators discovered that Fortas had received a seminar fee from American University that was equal to 40 percent of his Supreme Court salary.  Senators filibustered his nomination, and, in October 1968, the Senate cloture vote failed by a 45-43 margin.  (This was one of four cloture votes for a Supreme Court nominee; the other three were for William Rehnquist in 1971 and 1986 and for Samuel Alito in 2006.)  Johnson then withdrew Fortas’s nomination.
In the closing decades of the 20th century, minority obstruction in the Senate rose.  Statistics from former Senate staffer William Dauster bear this out.  From 1917 through 1970, the Senate only filed 58 cloture petitions (roughly one per year), voted on only 49 of them (less than once per year), and invoked cloture only 8 times (once every seven years).  Between 1971 and 2006, those number rose to 26 cloture petitions filed per year, 18.5 petitions voted on per year, and cloture invoked 7.5 times per year.  And this is despite a reform in 1975 that lowered the cloture threshold to its current 60-vote number.  And, finally, between 2007 and 2014, those numbers rose again to 80 cloture petitions filed per year, 62 petitions voted on per year, and cloture invoked 42 times per year.
Today, just about all major legislation must meet the 60-vote cloture requirement.  In the age of partisan polarization, this 60-vote requirement is often tantamount to a legislative death sentence.  Gone are the days when the filibuster might promote debate and compromise. Instead, it’s just one more opportunity for paralysis.
Some scholars argue that the filibuster itself is unconstitutional because the Framers meant to enshrine majority rule into Article I of the Constitution. However, concerns about the filibuster’s constitutionality aside, if the goal is to promote deliberation and compromise, there are other approaches short of the 21st century filibuster that would do this more effectively.  For example, Chafetz suggests the “declining filibuster,” which would slowly decrease the number of votes needed for cloture as debate progresses until a bare majority is enough, or some version of a “suspensory filibuster,” which would permit a Senate minority to delay a majority-supported proposal, but not defeat it.
Of course, the Senate is unlikely to pass these measures. As a result, it’s time to acknowledge that the cause of the breakdown in the Senate isn’t the end of the filibuster, but polarization in the country—which political scientists Nolan McCarty, Keith Poole, and Howard Rosenthal suggest is as extreme in Congress in recent years as it’s been since the decades after the Civil War and Reconstruction. And, if polarization is, indeed, the cause of the Senate’s problems, then there is no easy solution.
Because of the “big sort,” like-minded people are segregating themselves into the same geographic and virtual communities. Furthermore, the rise of filter bubbles, Facebook sorting algorithms, and “fake news” have polarized public discourse, and the decline in trust in neutral media mediators has led to the ability of each political tribe to converge around a shared agreement of facts. These trends make public deliberation and reasoned compromise all but impossible. The causes of polarization must be addressed at their root.  But, in a government of “We the People,” the root cause is us.



ARTICLE
“We need unpredictability,” then-candidate Donald Trump once told The New York Times while discussing his ideal foreign policy. More recently, the president told reporters: “I like to think of myself as a very flexible person. I don’t have to have one specific way, and if the world changes, I go the same way.”
So far, the president seems to be living up to those standards. Trump has a long track record of arguing against U.S. military intervention in Syria. Yet despite that, the president ordered a missile strike targeting a Syrian military airfield on Thursday evening. The United States carried out the strike in retaliation for what officials claim was Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s use of chemical weapons against civilians in a recent attack.
Within the span of a week, the administration also appeared to reverse its stance on whether the United States should attempt to oust Assad from power. Late last week, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Assad’s fate “will be decided by the Syrian people.” But by Thursday afternoon, in the wake of the chemical attack, Tillerson said that “steps are under way” to organize an international coalition to remove the Syrian leader. Making it difficult to discern precisely what that meant, however, Tillerson told reporters after Thursday’s missile launch not to “extrapolate” any “change in our policy or position relative to our military activities in Syria.”
To get a sense of how Trump’s apparent about-face stacks up in a historical context—and how the strike compares with early military actions taken by recent U.S. presidents—I spoke with Stephen Biddle, a professor of political science and international affairs at George Washington University. Our conversation has been edited for clarity and length.
Clare Foran: Are there previous examples of presidents who, early in their administrations, appeared to reverse positions they held before taking office about the use of force?
Stephen Biddle: The short answer would be yes. The clear example would be George W. Bush. He campaigned on the idea that the U.S. military was overstretched and we ought to do less. When he was running for office, he dismissed the notion that the United States should be involved in nation-building, and suggested he would not pursue military intervention to the extent that President [Bill] Clinton had.
But after 9/11, very shortly after taking office, Bush not only took the United States to war in Afghanistan, but in 2003 did so in Iraq as well. He famously, on the campaign trail, argued against long-term, grinding commitments to peacekeeping missions, and both of those early military interventions turned into long-term, grinding, stabilization commitments.
Foran: Do you think there’s a parallel with former President Barack Obama’s administration as well? After he won the New Hampshire primary in 2008, Obama vowed to “end this war in Iraq,” and he also said “we will finish the job against al-Qaeda in Afghanistan.” But not long into his first term, in 2009, he announced that 17,0000 more American troops would be sent to Afghanistan.
Biddle: It’s a parallel in some ways, but not others. Obama campaigned on the idea that Iraq was a bad war, and one that he opposed in the first place, and he said that we should get out. But that’s not how he talked about Afghanistan. On the campaign trail, he talked about fighting al-Qaeda there, and argued that the United States needed more resources there and needed to reinforce that fight. So the Obama surge in Afghanistan wasn’t, strictly speaking, a reversal of something he had said on the campaign trail—it was a fulfillment of a campaign promise, in fact.
That said, Obama appears to have changed his mind on several use-of-force issues over the course of his presidency. He campaigned on the idea that Iraq was not in the U.S. interest—and that we ought to get out—but even after announcing that the war in Iraq would imminently come to an end in 2011, the administration sent American troops back to the region after the fall of Mosul in 2014.
Similarly, Obama campaigned on the idea that we should reinforce the fight in Afghanistan, and then ends up trying desperately to withdraw from Afghanistan by the time he leaves office, only to face difficulty in his attempts to do so.
Foran: So, then, how do you compare some of the foreign-policy reversals from past presidents to the Trump administration’s apparent reversal on Syria—including statements from officials that seemed to change rapidly with respect to Assad’s removal from power? How does that time frame compare with past presidents, and does it surprise you?
Biddle: I don’t think there’s any precedent for any president turning on a dime like what we’ve now seen from the Trump administration with respect to Syria. It’s certainly fast, but I don’t know that it’s surprising. This president has shown plenty of willingness in the past to change his mind. To say it’s surprising would be to say that one hasn’t been following his Twitter feed very closely. But it is extremely unusual, at the very least, to see how quickly the administration changed course in terms of its Syria policy.
Foran: Even if Trump’s reversal is unique, do you think it illustrates a challenge that all presidents face in attempting to reconcile how they talked about foreign policy before taking office with what it means to actually implement a strategy as president?
Biddle: That is a challenge for most presidents, yes. If you’re not a former or sitting vice president, or a former CIA director, you’re not going to have had access to the kind of information that you would once you get into the government. The executive branch has many thousands of people who exist to help staff and assist in making these kinds of decisions that no presidential campaign has access to. On the campaign trail, you’re inevitably making decisions and assertions based on far more limited analysis. The stakes and the consequences also look pretty different when you move from hypotheticals to taking responsibility for real-world, life-and-death situations.
Foran: What about the time frame in terms of Trump taking this military action at the start of his presidency? This wasn’t the president’s first, since he approved a raid in Yemen soon after his inauguration, but does the intervention in Syria seem early into a presidency for this scale of military action?
Biddle: There have been a variety of situations in which presidents for different reasons—taking office during a war, for instance—have been asked to make military decisions pretty quickly after taking office. The September 11 attacks occurred within the first year of George W. Bush’s first term in office, so that was fairly early, though not as early as the first 100 days. Abraham Lincoln took office in 1861, and within the first year he had to respond to a Confederate attack on Fort Sumter. The Bay of Pigs invasion took place in April 1971, just a few months after John F. Kennedy had taken office. [Harry] Truman took office in the middle of World War II and [Richard] Nixon took office during the Vietnam War, so both were making military decisions early in their presidencies.
Foran: Trump argued on the campaign trail that unpredictability is a strength in foreign policy. Do you think that his administration’s decision to so quickly adopt a different course on Syria will ultimately help the United States in its foreign-policy goals? And are there any historical precedents for that?
Biddle: Uncertainty can have a deterrent value in that other countries might look at the United States and not want to provoke the administration if they are unsure of what the outcome might be. But ultimately, creating uncertainty about what you might do ends up being a weaker deterrent than the certainty that you will do something, or that you will act a certain way.
Richard Nixon tried something similar with what has been described as the “madman theory,” where during the Vietnam War Nixon hoped that the North Vietnamese and their allies would think that he was crazy and he could do anything. If the alternative to that is being viewed as feckless, then that’s probably more persuasive, but it’s no guarantee of success in achieving foreign-policy aims. And uncertainty always creates risk, too, by introducing a heightened degree of instability.



ARTICLE
President Trump’s decision to order strikes against a Syrian air base late Thursday is facing backlash: Syrian President Bashar al-Assad denounced the strike as “reckless” and “irresponsible,” and in a meeting of the UN Security Council, Vladimir Safronkov, Russia’s deputy envoy to the UN, warned that the consequences of the strike could be “extremely serious.” Republican and Democratic lawmakers also responded to the attack. The Senate confirmed Neil Gorsuch to the U.S. Supreme Court. Officials said a manhunt is under way for the suspect who drove a truck into a department store in Stockholm, Sweden, killing at least four people and injuring 15 others in what Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven called a “terrorist attack.” The U.S. added 98,000 jobs in March, significantly less than economists’ predictions.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

How Will Russia Respond?: Experts warn that missile strikes in Syria are more risky than they seem, because Russian forces are intermingled with Syrian forces on the ground. Is the U.S. prepared for what might happen if an airstrike kills Russian troops? (Greg Jaffe, The Washington Post)
FDR’s Breitbart: Many pundits have criticized Trump’s frequent use of Twitter, as well as his preference for sympathetic news outlets like Breitbart and Fox News. But another president shook up the press in a similar way: Franklin Delano Roosevelt. (David Beito, Reason)
A Bad Move?: Eliminating the filibuster on Supreme Court nominees gave Senate Republicans more power in the short term, argues Nate Silver, but “it’s not at all clear that eroding the filibuster will be in the GOP’s best interest.” Here’s why. (FiveThirtyEight)
Man With a Mission: Since September 11, 2001, New York lawyer Jim Kreindler has been determined to prove Saudi Arabia provided financial and logistical support to the hijackers. He believes he’s finally found that evidence, but he says the U.S. government won’t take action. (Caleb Hannan, Politico)
‘Why Cops Shoot’: An investigation by the Tampa Bay Times unpacks the roles fear and bias play in the split-second decisions made by police officers every day, many of which result in lethal force. (Ben Montgomery)
Trump’s Jobs Tracker: A new tool from CNN allows you to track Donald Trump’s promise to create 25 million new jobs in 10 years, or 208,333 jobs per month. So far, “he’s off track.” (Heather Long, Tiffany Baker, and Tal Yellin)
On Monday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer announced that the president will give away his first-quarter salary of $78,333 to the National Park Service. This week, we asked you to suggest options for potential future salary donations. For a complete list, visit our Notes section.
Dozens of you responded that the president should donate his salary to Planned Parenthood, because of recent threats to the organization’s funding, and many more suggested Trump donate to the Meals-on-Wheels program because of his plans to eliminate its funding.
One thoughtful response came from Elonide Semmes, who suggested Trump should send his money to support job retraining programs in rural areas and the Rust Belt, since his recent budget blueprint outlined cuts to existing programs. Semmes added that “battlefield park maintenance shows how out-of-touch [Trump] is with the pain and suffering in America.”
Stay tuned for next week’s Question of the Week contest.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
A federal judge signed off on a consent decree to reform the troubled Baltimore Police Department on Friday, two years after the death of Freddie Gray sparked violent protests and focused national attention on the city’s law-enforcement problems. It could also be the among the last of its kind for the immediate future.
The consent decree is “is comprehensive, detailed, and precise,” Judge James Bredar wrote in his order approving the draft. “It appears to be balanced and well-calibrated to achieve the parties’ shared, jointly-stated objectives. After close review of the proposed decree, and in light of all other submissions on the docket and in open Court, the Court concludes the decree is fair, adequate, and reasonable.”
In approving the decree, Bredar also denied an 11th-hour request by Justice Department lawyers to delay his decision for 30 days. The request came after Attorney General Jeff Sessions ordered a department-wide review earlier this month of federal oversight efforts of state and local police departments. But Bredar was unwilling to grant the government any delays, telling both parties they were well past the stage in negotiations for unilateral action.
“The time for negotiating the agreement is over,” Bredar wrote. “The only question now is whether the Court needs more time to consider the proposed decree. It does not.”
The decree itself was negotiated by the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division and the Baltimore Police Department in the closing days of the Obama administration. Under Barack Obama, Justice Department lawyers opened 25 investigations into local law enforcement agencies for unconstitutional practices. Among the police departments targeted were in Ferguson, Missouri, where predatory stops and arrests overwhelmingly targeted African Americans, and Chicago, where a damning Justice Department report in January found “systemic” violations of civil rights.
But that trend seems likely to reverse itself under the Trump administration. President Trump aligned himself closely with law enforcement during the presidential campaign, describing himself as a “law and order” candidate. Sessions is also a longtime critic of federal consent decrees, which he views as excessively burdensome for the local police departments that operate under them. In a statement Friday, the attorney general said he had “grave concerns” the decree would “result in a less safe city.”
“The mayor and police chief in Baltimore say they are committed to better policing and that there should be no delay to review this decree, but there are clear departures from many proven principles of good policing that we fear will result in more crime,” Sessions said. “The citizens of Baltimore deserve to see a real and lasting reduction in the fast-rising violent crime threatening the city.”
His stance drew criticism from reform-oriented groups that supported the decree’s implementation. “Attorney General Jeff Sessions’s efforts to unnecessarily obstruct and delay reform in Baltimore make clear that he intends to stand as an obstacle to policing reform across the country,” said Kristen Clarke, the president of the Lawyer’s Committee for Civil Rights Under Law.
The decree’s extensive terms require the city to redirect its focus towards improved training and community policing efforts. Among its most significant reforms are requiring officers to have “clear, articulable reasons” for making investigatory stops and to fill out paperwork for each of those interactions, both of which are aimed at reducing unnecessary or discriminatory stops and searches. As my colleague David Graham explained in January, those requirements were motivated by a Justice Department report last year into the city’s controversial policing tactics.

The report found, for example, that Baltimore police tended to make frequent stops and arrests, even when there was no useful law-enforcement reason for it, and often at the expense of community relations. But the problem ran much deeper: Police often made stops and arrests that fell afoul of constitutional protections. Many stops ended with no citation or arrest, and even when they did, booking officers often rejected charges as too flimsy—doing so 11,000 times between 2010 and 2015. Sometimes cops rounded up large numbers of people, then “unarrested” them when they determined they had no grounds for it. Justice also found that people were often arrested simply for exercising their First Amendment rights by criticizing or talking back to officers.

But those most likely to be arrested were disproportionately African Americans and people in heavily African American neighborhoods. Blacks were more likely to be arrested for minor, apparently pretextual violations like throwing dice—for which 99 percent of arrestees were black. The problem was so bad that boilerplate language provided to officers for logging arrests assumed by default that suspects would be black males. African Americans were also more likely to be exposed to excessive use of force.

City officials praised the decree’s implementation, which has the support of Mayor Catherine Pugh and Baltimore Police Department leadership. Pugh told reporters Friday that the city “will continue to move forward in reforming the Baltimore Police Department and building the bond of trust that must exist between the community and our police officers.”



ARTICLE
Updated at 1:52 p.m. on April 7
The U.S. government backed down from its efforts to compel Twitter to unmask a pseudonymous critic of the Trump administration, according to court filings filed Friday.
The social-media company withdrew a First Amendment lawsuit it filed Thursday after the U.S. Customs and Border Protection withdrew an administrative summons issued to the company in March. The summons had demanded that Twitter “produce for inspection…[a]ll records regarding the [T]witter account @ALT_USCIS to include, User names, account login, phone numbers, mailing addresses, and I.P. addresses.” In its original complaint, the company had asked a federal district court in California to block the agency from enforcing the summons.
@ALT_uscis is one of dozens of pseudonymous Twitter accounts imitating federal agencies that sprung up shortly after President Trump took office in January. The “uscis” part of its name seems to refer to the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, part of the Department of Homeland Security. Twitter allows users to create accounts under either a real or fake name, and none of the accounts have been publicly linked to a past or present government employee. Virtually all of them are highly critical of the Trump administration, including @ALT_uscis, whose bio includes the phrase “immigration resistance.”
The lawsuit said the agency ordered Twitter to provide the information by 11:45 a.m. on March 13, one day before an official from CBP’s Office of Professional Responsibility actually faxed the summons to the company. With the information requested, Twitter told the court, the CBP would be able to “pierce the anonymity of the person or persons who established and use the @ALT_USCIS account.” Twitter argued that providing the information to the CBP would violate the First Amendment’s free-speech protections.
“Compelled disclosure of the identities of Twitter users who have engaged in pseudonymous speech would chill their exercise of the constitutionally protected right to speak anonymously,” the company said in its original filing. “Moreover, independent of its users’ rights, Twitter’s actions in providing a platform for the dissemination of its users’ speech—including its decision to permit the publication of pseudonymous speech—is fully protected by the First Amendment.”
The operator—or operators—of the @ALT_uscis account, which has more than 33,000 followers, apparently agrees. In a tweet shortly after news of the lawsuit broke, the account posted a screenshot of the First Amendment.

pic.twitter.com/jMyK38iOcN
— ALT🛂 Immigration (@ALT_uscis) April 6, 2017
In addition to the constitutional argument, Twitter claimed the CBP order exceeds the legal authority of the federal law under which it was issued. The cited provision, known as Section 1509, allows certain DHS officials to examine a company’s records in “any investigation or inquiry conducted for the purpose of ascertaining the correctness of any entry, for determining the liability of any person for duty, fees and taxes due or duties, fees and taxes which may be due the United States, for determining liability for fines and penalties, or for insuring compliance with the laws of the United States administered by the United States Customs Service.”
But Twitter argued the rationales listed in Section 1509 “clearly relate narrowly to imports,” and said the CBP couldn’t establish that its summons was related to “any investigation or inquiry relating to the import of merchandise.” As it is, it’s highly doubtful the account is involved in the import-export business. In the lawsuit, Twitter said the CBP officer who issued the summons “stated vaguely that he is conducting an investigation,” but offered the company’s legal team no further details about it.
Twitter’s complaint also took a thinly veiled jab at Trump’s recent legal woes. In a larger contention about the legal standards for subpoenas, the company cited Makaeff v. Trump University as precedent. President Trump recently settled that case, a class-action lawsuit accusing his for-profit real-estate seminars of fraudulent business practices, for $25 million.
The agency’s pursuit of personal information from Twitter users was in sharp contrast with the social-media platform’s ubiquity in modern Washington and the Trump administration. Trump himself has been a prolific user of the medium for years, to both his advantage and detriment during the campaign and in office. Nearly all members of Congress, White House officials, and federal agencies maintain official accounts in their name, although few share Trump’s penchant for digital provocation.
Even top federal officials aren’t above creating pseudonymous accounts. FBI Director James Comey mentioned offhand during a think-tank event last month that he secretly uses Twitter and Instagram and “care[s] deeply about privacy, treasure[s] it.” Gizmodo tracked down both accounts within 24 hours



ARTICLE
Why did Donald Trump, who won the GOP nomination, in part, by bucking his party’s interventionist foreign policy establishment, thrill it on Friday by launching missile strikes against the government of Bashar Assad? Why did the most unconventional of presidents respond to his first foreign policy crisis in such a conventional way?
The recent history of American foreign policy shows why it’s not that big a surprise. Even unconventional presidents tend to surround themselves with conventional advisors. Presidential candidates often promise to rethink the foreign policy assumptions that guided their predecessor. But as governors, senators or real estate developers, they generally lack experience in making foreign policy themselves. So they seek advisors familiar with America’s military and intelligence bureaucracies, and with foreign governments. And those advisors often espouse the very establishment assumptions their boss derided on the campaign trail.
Jimmy Carter didn’t want to be a cold war president. He vowed to overcome the “inordinate fear of Communism” that had led his predecessors to embrace brutal dictators and fight an unwinnable war in Vietnam. But in looking for advisors who possessed the foreign policy credentials he lacked, he chose Robert McNamara’s former Pentagon deputy, Cyrus Vance, and Zbigniew Brzezinski, a hawk he had met at the Trilateral Commission. By early 1978, Brzezinski was pushing him to send an America armada to the Red Sea in response to Ethiopia’s Soviet-backed invasion of Somalia, exactly the kind of cold war intervention Carter had sworn to avoid.
Like Carter, Barack Obama ran against the hawkish, bipartisan mindset that had led America into a disastrous war. Upon taking office, however, he didn’t give his top national security jobs to campaign advisors like Samantha Power, Susan Rice and Gregory Craig. He instead chose James Jones, a marine general with ties to John McCain, Bush administration holdover Robert Gates and Hillary Clinton. None had opposed the Iraq War. But they enjoyed credibility with the military, Congress, and America’s allies. During Obama’s first major foreign policy decision, whether to send additional troops to Afghanistan, Gates and Clinton urged him to escalate the war.
Establishment advisors often wield their greatest influence at the beginning of administrations, when new presidents lack the self-confidence to overrule them. In his first months in office, John F. Kennedy assented to a CIA and military plot to invade Cuba. It was only after that plot ended in disaster that Kennedy grew more willing to challenge their hawkish assumptions. “If it hadn’t been for the Bay of Pigs,” Robert Kennedy observed, “we would have sent troops into Laos.” Kennedy’s disillusionment also shaped his refusal to launch a preventive strike during the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Barack Obama’s about-face on Syrian military action in 2013 stemmed in part from a similar disillusionment. Jeffrey Goldberg has reported that during his fateful South Lawn walk with Chief of Staff Dennis McDonough, Obama expressed frustration that “the Pentagon”—led by Gates and aided by Clinton—“had ‘jammed’ him on a troop surge for Afghanistan.” He felt his advisors had also pushed him into an ill-fated military action in Libya. “Now, on Syria, he was beginning to feel jammed again.” Five years into his presidency, Obama possessed the self-confidence to buck what he called “The overwhelming weight of conventional wisdom and the machinery of our national-security apparatus.”
Now, in his decision to strike Syria, Trump is reverting to the pattern from which Obama broke free. Trump’s first national security advisor, Michael Flynn, was someone he had bonded with during the campaign and who shared some of his unconventional, pro-Putin, anti-Muslim, views. But Flynn’s outsider status estranged him from the national security bureaucracy he had to manage, and contributed to his ouster. So on Thursday night at Mar a Lago, Trump mulled the biggest foreign policy decision of his young presidency alongside a Secretary of Defense, a Secretary of State and a National Security Advisor who did not advise him during campaign and have no stake in the pro-Assad, anti-interventionist statements he made during it.
Trump’s alt-right base feels betrayed. So did the “Netroots” Democrats who had supported Obama against Hillary Clinton in 2008 because he had opposed the Iraq war. That’s no surprise. Ironically, the presidents most able to buck America’s hawkish national security establishment—the best example is Dwight Eisenhower, who ended the Korean War and for eight years at the Cold War’s height resisted fierce pressures to boost defense spending and send US troops to fight communist insurgencies in the developing world—are those who know that establishment best, and enjoy the prestige to take it on.
Neophytes, at least early on, generally get rolled.



ARTICLE
The Senate on Friday confirmed Judge Neil Gorsuch to serve on the Supreme Court, restoring a 5-4 conservative majority on the high court after a rancorous debate that resulted in the end of a long-standing Senate tradition.
The 54-45 vote became a formality after Republicans voted along party lines Thursday to change the Senate rules and defeat a Democratic filibuster of Gorsuch’s nomination. Three Democrats—Senators Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, and Joe Donnelly of Indiana—ultimately joined 51 Republicans in support of the Colorado judge, in what became the most partisan confirmation of a Supreme Court justice since Clarence Thomas won the Senate’s approval in 1991.
Gorsuch, 49, will be sworn in next week to fill the seat left vacant for more than a year after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia in February 2016. Following the lead of Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Senate Republicans refused to consider former President Barack Obama’s nomination of Judge Merrick Garland to replace Scalia.
Gorsuch’s confirmation hands President Trump the first major victory of his young administration, and it represents the most concrete—and potentially one of the longest lasting—consequences of his surprising victory in November. In the final months of the Supreme Court’s current term, Gorsuch could break a potential 4-4 deadlock on cases involving religious freedom, racial discrimination, immigration, and other issues. The court might also have to weigh in on Trump’s executive order restricting travel from majority-Muslim countries. And in the next few years, the justices are expected to consider new cases involving same-sex marriage, abortion, and gun rights.
Over three days of testimony at his confirmation hearing last month, Gorsuch offered few clues about his views on those most contentious legal questions, frustrating Democrats who found him to be even more evasive than Supreme Court nominees of the recent past. He acknowledged that Roe v. Wade, the landmark abortion ruling, was a precedent of the court, and he said that after the justices’ 5-4 ruling in 2015, the legality of same-sex marriage was “absolutely settled law.” But he would not say whether he believed those cases to be correctly decided.
Friday’s vote offers a final vindication of what at first seemed like a risky—and surely unprecedented—move by McConnell last year to hold Scalia’s seat open through the election. Garland was viewed as a consensus choice by Obama, potentially closer to the political center than a nominee Hillary Clinton might have chosen had she won the presidency. But McConnell held out, withstanding a hailstorm of denunciation from Democrats and even some criticism from Republicans worried that his gambit would tarnish the party and backfire if Clinton—as many had expected—triumphed in November and nominated a more liberal jurist. “It has been a long and sometimes bumpy road, but in the end we were able to confirm a justice who I believe will serve America quite well,” McConnell said after the vote on Friday.
In a statement, Trump praised Gorsuch and said his “judicial temperament, exceptional intellect, unparalleled integrity, and record of independence makes him the perfect choice to serve on the nation’s highest court.”
For Democrats, the bitterness over the GOP blockade was a major factor in their aggressive opposition to Gorsuch, and it is not likely to dissipate anytime soon. “Let's be perfectly clear about what just happened: Justice Gorsuch was handed a lifetime appointment to a stolen Supreme Court seat by way of a partisan overhaul of the rules of the United States Senate,” said Jesse Lehrich, a spokesman for Organizing for Action, the advocacy group that grew out of Obama’s former campaign apparatus.
Gorsuch won near universal praise from conservatives, who are confident he’ll be a reliable vote in the mold of Scalia or Justice Samuel Alito, a George W. Bush-appointee who has become more popular with the right than Chief Justice John Roberts. Democrats found little reason to disagree: While they conceded that his legal resumé qualified him for a Supreme Court seat, the found his rulings on behalf of business interests alarming and argued that his conservative views placed him outside the judicial mainstream.
Democrats mustered 45 votes against Gorsuch, but after Republicans eliminated the filibuster of all judicial nominations on Thursday, they were not enough to stop him.



ARTICLE
Updated at 4:25 p.m.
President Trump’s decision to launch airstrikes against the Syrian regime in response to a chemical weapons attack has made him abnormally popular with the elites who inhabit the swamp he campaigned against. MSNBC’s Brian Williams hailed video of the strikes as “beautiful,” and CNN’s Fareed Zakaria identified this as the moment when Trump became president.
But it has been a bitterly disappointing turn of events for some of his most ardent supporters in the white nationalist alt-right movement and in adjacent political circles, who have supported Trump from the beginning of his campaign and who were enthralled by his promises to not get involved in Middle East conflicts.
The strikes, and the about-face they represent in terms of Trump’s posture towards the Middle East, reveal a White House showing less-than-full devotion to the movement that formed the ideological backbone for Trump’s election. White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, for example, the former Breitbart chairman who represents ideological Trumpism within the White House, is locked in a battle for influence with Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner, a more pragmatic operator who appears to be nudging Trump in a more mainstream direction—a battle which Kushner, as a family member, is better-positioned to win.
“What Trump did was nothing less than a betrayal, a betrayal of his supporters, of his message ‘America First!,’ of his promise to be different—to learn from the mistakes of the past and chart a new course,” said Richard Spencer, the alt-right leader who takes credit for coining the term. “I'll wait and see, of course, but I'm not sure I can continue to support him. Most all of the alt-right feels the same way.”
Spencer tweeted on Thursday, “Tulsi Gabbard 2020 #Trumped,” a reference to the Democratic congresswoman who recently made a controversial trip to Syria and met with Bashar al-Assad.
Mike Cernovich, the pro-Trump blogger and Twitter personality who identifies as a member of the “new right,” has been tweeting and livestreaming his opposition to military action almost constantly since the news of the strikes last night.
Cernovich, who claimed this week that the chemical attack was carried out by “deep state agents,” told me he still supports Trump.
“If Hillary had been elected I wouldn't even bother speaking out, as war would be certain,” Cernovich said in an email. “I'm still a Trump supporter, as last night's air strikes appeared to have been limited. I do not and will not support another war in the Middle East.”
“There comes a day in every child's life when his Daddy bitterly disappoints him,” Milo Yiannopoulos, the former Breitbart tech editor and provocateur who resigned from the site earlier this year amid controversy over remarks he’d made about pedophilia, wrote on his Facebook on Thursday night.
The tone on Breitbart News, the outlet formerly led by Bannon, has remained studiously neutral so far, and even slightly critical.
“Republican Hawks Praise Donald Trump for Bombing Syria,” read one headline on Friday. Editor-at-large Joel Pollak wrote a piece weighing the pros and cons, cautiously praising Trump while not offering full-throated support for the move. Breitbart’s London editor, Raheem Kassam, tweeted on Thursday night that he was “apoplectic” about the strikes.
“Those who wanted us meddling in the Middle East voted for other candidates,” the conservative commentator Ann Coulter, one of Trump’s biggest champions in the right-wing media, wrote on Twitter. “Trump campaigned on not getting involved in Mideast. Said it always helps our enemies & creates more refugees. Then he saw a picture on TV.”
Asked for comment for this piece, Coulter declined in an email.
“I’m too depressed,” she said.



ARTICLE
When the Electoral College elevated Donald Trump to the presidency, it conferred on him the awesome life-and-death powers that attend the office. It was inevitable that President Trump would use those powers sooner or later. Now he has. For the effects on the region, I refer you to the powerful piece by The Atlantic’s Andrew Exum. I’m concerned here with the effects on the U.S. political system. Seven seem most immediately relevant.
Trump’s Words Mean Nothing
If there was any one foreign policy position that Donald Trump stressed above all others, it was opposition to the use of force in Syria. Time has helpfully compiled Trump’s tweets on the subject dating back to 2013. For example:

We should stay the hell out of Syria, the "rebels" are just as bad as the current regime. WHAT WILL WE GET FOR OUR LIVES AND $ BILLIONS?ZERO
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 16, 2013
These were not the idle thoughts of a distracted mind. Promises of no war in Syria were central to Donald Trump’s anti-Hillary Clinton messaging. Take, for example, to his interview with Reuters on October 26, 2016.

“What we should do is focus on ISIS. We should not be focusing on Syria," said Trump, as he dined on fried eggs and sausage at his Trump National Doral golf resort. "You’re going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton. You’re not fighting Syria any more, you’re fighting Syria, Russia and Iran, all right?”

That message—a vote for Clinton is a vote for World War III beginning in Syria—was pounded home by surrogates and by Trump’s social-media troll army.
Not even 100 days into his presidency, Trump has done exactly what he attacked Hillary Clinton for contemplating.
Some have described this reverse as “hypocritical.” This description is not accurate. A hypocrite says one thing while inwardly believing another. The situation with Donald Trump is much more alarming. On October 26, 2016, he surely meant what he said. It’s just that what he meant and said that day was no guide to what he would mean or say on October 27, 2016—much less April 6, 2017.
Voters and citizens can expect literally zero advance warning of what Donald Trump will do or won’t do. Campaign promises, solemn pledges—none are even slightly binding. If he can reverse himself on Syria, he can reverse himself on anything. If you feel betrayed by any of these reversals, you have no right to complain. As I wrote during the campaign:

When [Trump] issued a promise, he instantly contradicted it. If you chose to accept the promise anyway, you did so with abundant notice of its worthlessness. For all the times Trump said believe me and trust me in his salesman patter, he communicated constantly and in every medium that there was only thing you could believe and trust: If you voted for Donald Trump, you’d get Donald Trump, in all his Trumpery and Trumpiness.

The television networks that promoted Trump; the primary voters who elevated him; the politicians who eventually surrendered to him; the intellectuals who argued for him, and the donors who, however grudgingly, wrote checks to him—all of them knew, by the time they made their decisions, that Trump lied all the time, about everything.

Trump Does Not Give Reasons
From the Declaration of Independence onward, American statesmen have felt bound to offer reasons why they did things, and most especially why they resorted to force. Here’s the second paragraph of Bill Clinton’s December 1998 speech on his “Desert Fox” operation: "I want to explain why I have decided, with the unanimous recommendation of my national security team, to use force in Iraq, why we have acted now, and what we hope to accomplish.” Richard Nixon opened his speech announcing the entry of US forces into Cambodia in 1970 in a similar way: “Tonight, I shall describe the actions of the enemy, the actions I have ordered to deal with that situation, and the reasons for my decision.”
Donald Trump does not speak in that way. On the night of his Syria strike, he spoke directly to emotions. "Using a deadly nerve agent, Assad choked out the lives of helpless men, women and children. It was a slow and brutal death for so many. Even beautiful babies were cruelly murdered in this very barbaric attack. No child of God should ever suffer such horror.” He then asserted: "It is in this vital national security interest of the United States to prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons." The obvious question is: what’s different this time from 2013, when Bashar al-Assad previously inflicted mass casualties with chemical weapons and Donald Trump and Republicans saw no such vital interest? Trump offers not even the semblance of a response. He sees; he feels; he acts. He makes no effort to persuade doubters or skeptics.
Reasons legitimate authority. Trump does not care about legitimation. In his vision of politics, the governors are to command; the governed, to defer.
Trump Does Not Care About Legality
In August 2013, Trump insisted that President Obama needed congressional approval before striking Syria. Obama came to agree. He sought approval and was refused. No strike followed.
On what basis did Donald Trump act in 2017? President Obama rested all his many military actions throughout the greater Middle East on the September 2001 authorization by Congress:

That the President is authorized to use all necessary and appropriate force against those nations, organizations, or persons he determines planned, authorized, committed, or aided the terrorist attacks that occurred on September 11, 2001, or harbored such organizations or persons, in order to prevent any future acts of international terrorism against the United States by such nations, organizations or persons.

That authorization has been stretched and stretched and stretched. It even supplied the legal basis for Obama’s overthrow of Qaddafi in Libya. But there’s a limit even to the most generous definition of authority, and in Syria, we reached it. To the extent al Qaida is present in Syria—it’s on the other side of the war from Bashar al-Assad. One could argue (and Trump has argued!) that by fighting Assad, the U.S. would help al-Qaida and its ideological successor, ISIS. Perhaps it is time for the U.S. to switch sides. But where’s the legal warrant? Trump disdains the very question.
Trump Disregards Government Processes
In the next hours, journalists will be told a story about the decision-making process that produced the Syria strike. The first reports are not confidence inspiring. Mike Allen in Axios:

The White House sees this as "leadership week": the decision to order a missile strike on Syria after its deadly nerve-agent attack on its own citizens, including children; a prime-time announcement to the nation from Mar-a-Lago last night, in which Trump said, "God bless America and the entire world"; his assertive stance on North Korea, with the rogue state testing him by firing a ballistic missile; and meetings with the heads of state of Egypt, Jordan and, continuing today, China.

But here’s one thing we already know: There can have been no proper interagency process before the strike, because none of the relevant agencies of government other than the Department of Defense is properly staffed to join such a process. You can’t have a deputies’ meeting without deputies.
Every decision presents risks and costs, and any responsible decision maker insists on a detailed itemization of those risks and those costs. That cannot have happened here. Trump has walked into a military confrontation that implicates regional and global security with only the haziest notion of what might go wrong. One friend of mine has warned: “If it were good foreign policy, Trump wouldn’t be doing it.” Foreign policy is hard, and even the best process does not guarantee good outcomes. Sometimes you get lucky, and can escape the consequences of a bad process. But the odds are the odds. Ninety-nine times out of one hundred, bad processes lead to ugly results.
Trump Has No Allies
In his short term in office, Trump has stumbled into quarrels with Australia, Germany, and China. The list of general gaffes and embarrassments is long and painful.
Unsurprisingly, then, he did not trouble himself to gain allies or partners before the Syria strike. And while Trump has gained some after-the-fact backing from Canada and the United Kingdom, the French and German response has been notably tepid. Germany called the American act “understandable,” but withheld any endorsement, and France did not venture even so far as that. But even from Canada and Britain, there is no inkling of any substantial help. A go-it-alone foreign policy goes it alone.
Trump Envisions No End State
“Every war must end,” according to the wise heads of foreign policy. Someday too the Syria war will end. As a candidate, Donald Trump insisted that the United States should never join a war without a clear vision of such an end. As he said in his speech to the Center for the National Interest in April 2016 (where the Russian ambassador sat in the front row untroubled by the company of any NATO ally except Italy):

I will not hesitate to deploy military force when there is no alternative. But if America fights, it must fight to win. I will never send our finest into battle unless necessary – and will only do so if we have a plan for victory.

Military force has been deployed. Whers’s the plan for victory? What’s even the definition of victory? Absent and absent. What Trump has done is the kind of military action famously derided by George W. Bush as firing a $2 million missile into a $10 tent and hitting a camel in the butt. Trump’s strike was symbolic and demonstrative, not decisive. It signaled, but did not compel. It leaves the Syrian and Russian leadership an array of options about how to respond—and it may well have committed the United States to potential next steps that the president did not imagine and does not intend.
Trump Is Lucky in His Opponents
“The secret of our success in government is that we did not have us in opposition.” That quip from a friend in an allied government applies with even greater force to the Republican Party of the United States. Trump’s action has gained support from Democrats that was never available to Obama from Republicans. In the fall of 2013, even the hawkish Marco Rubio—who had long called for action in Syria against Assad—nevertheless opposed Obama’s request for authorization to do just that. Rubio’s explanation focused on the flaws in Obama strategy and commitment. “I remain unconvinced that the use of force proposed here will work … I believe that U.S. military action of the type contemplated here will prove counterproductive.”
Rubio’s points surely had some validity. Surely they apply even more forcefully today—yet Democrats from Chuck Schumer to Nancy Pelosi to even Elizabeth Warren have offered support for Trump’s actions. Pelosi praised the action as "proportional.” Schumer went further still: “Making sure Assad knows that when he commits such despicable atrocities he will pay a price is the right thing to do.”
Unlike Rubio, who understood that viability in the coming Republican presidential contest required absolute opposition to any action by Obama, Democrats operate in a more permissive environment—at least for now. If any further proof is required of the asymmetry of the two parties, here it is.



ARTICLE
After the United States launched missile strikes Thursday evening against the Syrian government in response to what officials said was President Bashar al-Assad’s use of chemical weapons, some Democratic lawmakers denounced the attack as “unconstitutional” and “unlawful.”
Yet while some Democrats objected to how Trump authorized the strike, many either condoned or did not take issue with the military action itself, suggesting instead that Assad’s actions warranted United States intervention.   
Democratic leaders issued statements indicating varying levels of support for the strike, while still calling for the president to seek congressional authorization if the administration plans to escalate its military involvement in Syria. Neither Chuck Schumer, nor Nancy Pelosi, the highest ranking congressional Democrats, condemned the attack or said it was the wrong decision.
Schumer, the Senate Minority Leader, said on Thursday night that “making sure Assad knows that when he commits such despicable atrocities he will pay a price is the right thing to do,” while House Minority Leader Pelosi said the strike appeared “to be a proportional response” to the chemical weapons attack.
Senator Elizabeth Warren said the “Syrian regime must be held accountable,” while Senator Mark Warner said that Assad “could not go unpunished,” and Senator Dick Durbin called it a “measured response.
Rather than questioning the need for military action, many Democrats instead questioned whether the Trump administration’s strategy will be effective, and emphasized the need for congressional involvement if the administration escalates the conflict. The Constitution sets up a check on executive branch authority to initiate military action by providing that while the president “shall be the commander-in-chief of the Army and Navy,” Congress has the power to “declare war.” The War Powers Resolution limits the president’s ability to send American forces into harm’s way without consulting Congress. In practice however, presidents, including Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama, have launched unilateral military operations without authorization from Congress.
House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer said the airstrikes “are not a sufficient answer on their own to the challenge posed by the civil war in Syria and the Assad regime’s war crimes,” and called on Trump to formulate “a clear and coherent strategy.” Schumer called on the administration “to come up with a strategy and consult Congress before implementing it,” while Pelsoi insisted the president must obtain an Authorization for Use of Military Force from Congress if he “intends to escalate the U.S. military’s involvement in Syria,” and warned that “the crisis in Syria will not be resolved by one night of airstrikes. The killing will not stop without a comprehensive political solution to end the violence.”
Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, Hillary Clinton’s vice presidential running mate, raised constitutional and legal concerns over the strike, calling the action “unconstitutional” and asserting that “the president’s failure to seek congressional approval is unlawful,” on Twitter Thursday evening. But in an interview on CNN Friday morning, Kaine said that “from a moral standpoint” he believes the strike “was the right thing to do.” “It is the right thing to do to try to deter Assad from war crimes,” he said, adding: “President Trump doing this, finally waking up to the atrocities in Syria, is a good thing.” He warned, however, that “He should not have done this without coming to Congress.”
The reaction from Democrats makes clear that the modern-day party is not reflexively opposed to military intervention. Hillary Clinton, who was criticized by the party’s left flank during the presidential election for a tendency to be overly supportive of military action, even said earlier in the day on Thursday that the United States should “take out” Assad’s airfields.
“I really believe that we should have, and still should take out his airfields and prevent him from being able to use them to bomb innocent people,” she said. The collective Democratic reaction in Congress indicates that the party’s mainstream remains largely in lockstep with its former presidential standard bearer’s approach to foreign policy.
Not every Democrat pressed Trump to further articulate a strategy or involve Congress in the future. Senator Sheldon Whitehouse said “last night’s military action in Syria met my standards for responding to atrocity: a limited action; with a clear objective.” And Florida Senator Bill Nelson offered unqualified praise on Thursday evening, saying in a tweet that he hopes it will teach “Assad not to use chemical weapons again.”
Some liberal Democratic lawmakers did, however, object to the use of military force in its own right. Senator Brian Schatz of Hawaii flatly stated: “a military response is not the answer” to the use of chemical weapons by the Assad regime, warning that the strike “risks deeper escalation without any sense of direction or objective.”  
Representative Ted Lieu of California called the strike an act of “war” and reacted to the news of the missile launch on Thursday evening by tweeting, “If true, this is UNCONSTITUTIONAL.” Later, he wrote on Twitter: “Assad is still in power. What was purpose of strike? How much did it cost? Was Assad a threat to the U.S. homeland? How does this achieve peace?”



ARTICLE
Early the morning of August 21, 2013, six densely populated neighborhoods in Syria “were jolted awake by a series of explosions, followed by an oozing blanket of suffocating gas,” the Washington Post reported at the time. “Unknown to Syrian officials, U.S. spy agencies recorded each step in the alleged chemical attack, from the extensive preparations to the launching of rockets to the after-action assessments by Syrian officials. Those records and intercepts would become the core of the Obama administration’s evidentiary case linking the Syrian government to what one official called an ‘indiscriminate, inconceivable horror’—the use of outlawed toxins to kill nearly 1,500 civilians, including at least 426 children.”
Days later, President Obama declared that he was ready to order a military strike on Syria to punish its leader, Bashar al-Assad, for using chemical weapons while waging civil war, but added that as “president of the world’s oldest constitutional democracy,” he would consult Congress. Legislators never did vote to approve a strike, in part because the American public did not want to intervene militarily in Syria.
And a bitter Obama Administration critic, Donald Trump, took to Twitter to weigh in. “If Obama attacks Syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed, he and the U.S. will look very bad!” the real estate developer wrote. “What I am saying is stay out of Syria,” Trump added days later. “AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER,” he emphasized, “DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN & FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!”
Most importantly, Trump Tweeted this:

What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 29, 2013
Trump explicitly understood that a military response would require congressional approval. Yet Thursday, Trump ordered a strike on Syria without seeking that approval, citing a chemical weapons attack by the Assad regime. “Fifty-nine Tomahawk missiles were fired from American destroyers in the eastern Mediterranean at Al Shayrat airfield,” The New York Times reported.The cost in missiles alone was roughly $50 million.
There are those who supported the president’s actions.
Prior to the strike, various members of the military-industrial complex, hawkish pundits, and social-media users outraged by killings of Syrian civilians demanded that Trump do something in response to the abhorrent slaughter of innocents. But Trump never swore to slake a vocal minority’s outrage. He swore to uphold the Constitution. And if his 2013 statement on bombing Syria left any doubt as to whether he understood the proper role of Congress, he had lots of reminders prior to Thursday.
Back in 2013, “more than 100 House lawmakers––at least 98 Republicans and 18 Democrats––signed on to a letter formally requesting that President Obama seek congressional approval for any military response to the use of chemical weapons in Syria,” the Washington Post reported. “The letter, first written by Rep. Scott Rigell (R-Va.), suggests that failure to seek congressional authorization for military strikes would be unconstitutional.”
That warning was reasserted this week. Senator Mike Lee, a Utah Republican, put it this way:

If the United States is to increase our use of military force in Syria, we should follow the Constitution and seek the proper authorization from Congress. President Trump should make his case in front of the American people and allow their elected representatives to debate the benefits and risks of further Middle East intervention to our national security interests.

Senator Rand Paul, a Kentucky Republican, said “the president needs congressional authorization for military action as required by the Constitution, and I call on him to come to Congress for a proper debate." He added, "Our prior interventions in this region have done nothing to make us safer and Syria will be no different."
Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker told CNN’s Jake Tapper that President Trump should “certainly come to Congress” before acting in Syria.
And elected officials were not alone.
“If Article I, Section 8, Clause 11 of the United States Constitution means anything, it means that the president must obtain congressional approval before taking us to war against a sovereign nation that has not attacked the U.S. or its allies and is not threatening to attack the U.S. or its allies,” declared National Review’s David French, who served in the Judge Advocate General's Corps during the Iraq War.
“There is no reason to forego congressional debate now, just as there was no reason to forego congressional debate when Obama considered taking the nation to war against Syria in 2013,” he explained. “Congressional approval is not only constitutional, it serves the public purpose of requiring a president to clearly outline the justifications for war and his goals for the conflict. It also helps secure public support for war, and in this instance it strikes me as reckless that we would not only go to war against a sovereign nation, we’d also court a possible military encounter with a great power.”
Other commentators made a substantive case against a strike. Robert Farley was especially succinct:

In brief, why not:

It is a struggle to understand a way in which an attack on Syria is legal, barring an act of Congress.
	It seems unlikely that airstrikes alone will be sufficient to unseat the Assad government.
	The Assad government has sufficiently strengthened its position in the last year such that it seems unlikely that airstrikes will tip the balance in favor of Syrian rebels.
	There is no reason to believe that President Trump has sufficient self-control to manage a limited air campaign that fails to destroy the Syrian government.
	There is no reason to believe that a strong constituency exists in Syria for a prolonged American ground occupation.
	The Syrian rebels are deeply factionalized, and have become increasingly radicalized; it is not obvious that the Assad government would be replaced by a central government at all, or that such a government would be meaningfully preferable to Assad.
	While Russia is unlikely to directly oppose US strikes, the risks of accidental escalation are nevertheless present.
These are all issues that the Obama administration wrestled with for five years, to no particularly good resolution. They are issues that Hillary Clinton had no particularly good answer for.  They have not changed for the better since Trump’s inauguration.

Combine all of these factors:
If there are no consequences for a president who unilaterally orders military action under all those conditions, what use is a Constitution that vests the legislature with the war power? Yet much of the political press acts as if the war power is not even contested.
Take David Sanger’s news analysis in the New York Times, “Striking at Assad Caries Opportunities, Risks for Trump.” The article confidently asserts that “the Syria action gives the Trump administration an opportunity to demand that Mr. Putin either contain or remove Syria’s leader, Bashar al-Assad, or else Mr. Trump will expand the limited American military action—and quickly—if the Russian president fails to do so.” (Did the strike give Trump that opportunity? No evidence is presented for that conclusion.) The construction frames future interventions in Syria as if they are Trump’s prerogative. Even the part of the article dedicated to the risks that Trump assumed in striking does not so much as mention the matter of legality.
Why is that critique ignored even as elected officials make it?

Airstrikes are an act of war. Atrocities in Syria cannot justify departure from Constitution, which vests in Congress power to commence war.
— Justin Amash (@justinamash) April 7, 2017
And why did so many in the media call the Syria strike “surgical”?

before any verified reporting of the impact of the missile strike, every media talking head and politician is calling them "surgical" pic.twitter.com/d81KwQVnTf
— Lee Fang (@lhfang) April 7, 2017
As I've explained before at great length, that characterization is Orwellian propaganda.
Congress erred by doing nothing when Obama waged war illegally in Libya. It will compound that error if there are no consequences now for Trump.  Every legislator who has expressed the belief that it would be illegal to strike Syria without their permission should start acting like they meant what they said. Given what recent presidents have been permitted, impeachment over this matter alone would understandably lack popular legitimacy. But I wouldn’t mind if anti-war legislators created a draft document titled “Articles of Impeachment,” wrote a paragraph about this strike at the top, and put Trump on notice that if he behaves this way again, a coalition will aggressively lobby their colleagues to oust him from office.
The alternative is proceeding with an unbowed president who is out of his depth in international affairs, feels entitled to wage war in ways even he once called illegitimate, and thinks of waging war as a way presidents can improve their popularity.
Or as Trump himself once put it:

Now that Obama’s poll numbers are in tailspin – watch for him to launch a strike in Libya or Iran. He is desperate.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 9, 2012
Today, Trump is desperate. He is flailing from failure to failure in domestic policy, with dismal approval ratings and no clear way to increase them—except by trying to exploit the American public’s historic tendency to rally around a president at war. There has never been a stronger case for preemptively reining in a president’s ability to unilaterally launch military strikes on foreign countries that are not attacking us.
To allow a man of Trump’s character to retain that power, after its expansion by decades of presidents who pushed it beyond the bounds of the Constitution, would be folly.



ARTICLE
No doubt Twitter has done some unfortunate things to public discourse, especially in the fetid swamps of U.S. politics. But every now and again, a tweet surfaces that makes ones stop and marvel at its transcendence—its ability to boil a broad, multifaceted issue down to a tasty, bite-sized nugget that would tuck snugly inside a fortune cookie.
Last Saturday, House Freedom Caucus member Justin Amash let fly with one such bit of brilliance, when he released the snarktastic term “Trumpstablishment” on the Twitterverse.  
The portmanteau emerged as part of Amash’s pushback against the tantrum thrown by President Trump—call it a tantrump—after Republicans failed to fulfill their 7-year pledge to repeal and replace Obamacare. Miffed at looking less like a “closer” than a loser, Trump trashed the conservative House Freedom Caucus, many of whose members—including Amash—had opposed the (wildly unpopular) replacement bill known as the American Health Care Act on the grounds that, as they saw it, the bill did not fully repeal Obamacare. On the eve of the (ultimately canceled) AHCA  vote, Trump huffed, “The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don’t get on the team, & fast. We must fight them, & Dems, in 2018!”
Amash responded with a poke at Trump’s populist image: “It didn't take long for the swamp to drain @realDonaldTrump‬‬‬. No shame, Mr. President. Almost everyone succumbs to the D.C. Establishment.”
A couple of days later, Trump aide Dan Scavino decided to take it up a notch. He denounced Amash as “a big liability” and, in the name of the #TrumpTrain, called for the libertarian congressman to be primaried.
To which Amash gamely fired back: “Trump admin & Establishment have merged into #Trumpstablishment‬‬‬. Same old agenda: Attack conservatives, libertarians & independent thinkers.”
As burns go, “Trumpstablishment” isn’t especially scathing. (Trump slung vastly more toxic, personal, and degrading mud at every step of his path to the White House.) It is, however, a tidy bit of political jujitsu by Amash, as he and his Freedom Caucus brethren find themselves targeted by a President who rose to power via a turbo-charged brand of populist rage.
For the most part, Trump’s populist demagoguery is a powerful weapon. Red, blue, or purple stater: Everyone loves to hate Washington and “the political elite.” But when it comes to trashing the establishment and proclaiming devotion to “real Americans,” the Freedom Caucus takes a back seat to no one—especially not some born-to-money, schmancy-pants New York real estate mogul.
After all, caucus members such as Amash, Jim Jordan, Mark Meadows, Thomas Massie, and Mark Sanford came to Congress on an anti-Obama, Tea Party-fueled, damn-the-establishment tide of fury and frustration when Trump was still firing people on The Apprentice. Love them or hate them, these guys have been tormenting the powers that be ever since.
So if the president wants to pick a fight with Freedom Caucusers, its members are well-positioned, and willing, to hit back, painting Trump as the one betraying the conservative, anti-establishment cause. Which is, in fact, what a handful have begun doing, some more gently than others.
Amash’s beef with Trumpland has caused the most buzz. At an event hosted by Politico Thursday, he appeared alongside the Freedom Caucus’s current (Mark Meadows) and former (Jim Jordan) chairmen for a group interview. Seated center stage, the boyish Amish fielded multiple questions about tensions with the White House. Asked about Scavino’s call for him to be primaried, he shrugged it off.
“I’m not worried about it. My constituents know what I stand for.” Indeed, he pointed out, “every election somebody makes these kinds of threats.” Moderator Jake Sherman helpfully reminded the audience that, in 2014, the Chamber of Commerce labored to unseat Amash. “It didn’t work,” the congressman noted cheerily.
No, it did not. And Amash is more than happy now to have Trump lumped in with monied, Chamber of Commerce establishment types. The Chamber of Commerce wants Amash gone. Trump wants Amash gone. You do the math.
Amash is hardly the only caucus member questioning Trump’s anti-establishment cred. The day after Trump’s Freedom Caucus twitter-fit, The Washington Times ran a piece about member Thomas Massie. The opening line:
“Rep. Thomas Massie isn’t worried about President Trump coming after him in a primary election … saying the commander-in-chief is ‘burning political capital’ by listening to members of the establishment and attacking conservatives that want to help him deliver on his promise to drain the swamp.’” The piece went on to quote Massie sadly telling MSNBC’s Morning Joe, “‘conservatives were excited when we heard Donald Trump was coming to help us drain the swamp, but now he is taking advice from the swamp creatures.’”
Freedom Caucuser Mark Sanford too has dismissed Trump’s attempts at “intimidation”—along with the idea that the President’s ranting about the AHCA would matter to voters back in South Carolina. As Sanford told the New York Times, “They’re not part of the intelligentsia of what happens in Washington. They’re just conservative folks.”
“It’s a nice little story line, that it’s the Freedom Caucus’s fault,” Sanford told me on Friday. But the bill’s failure, he insisted, “goes much higher up the food chain.”
“I don’t think it’s unfair to characterize some of the president’s claims as outlandish, unreal, and unfounded,” said Sanford. And Trump’s assertions that the AHCA would have passed if not for the Freedom Caucus, he quipped, “is as true as saying the Mexicans are going to pay for the wall.”
Trump’s penchant for outrageous statements is, in fact, one reason caucus members are taking his threats with “a grain of salt,” said Sanford. “He seems to jump from subject to subject and people aren’t quite sure how long and sustained his attention span is, whether he’s carrying out a threat or pushing for a legislative change.”
As for the White House’s attempts to paint the Freedom Caucus as in league with the broken, corrupt Washington powers that be? “Anti-establishment has a context and a meaning,” insisted Sanford. “It means going against the normal course of things in politics—but not just in theatrical terms. Also in terms of policy.”
Thus begins a new showdown over which Republican leaders are the true champions of “real America” and which are faux-populist tools of the establishment. Trump has the bigger megaphone, but he is facing off against a gaggle of lawmakers who have built their careers on refusing to back down from a fight—especially with their own team.
At the Politico event, Jim Jordan asserted that, whatever the policy debate, it is the Freedom Caucus’ mission to fight for the legions of Americans who feel “forgotten” by the rest of the country. And it will continue to do just that, he pledged, “no matter what.”



ARTICLE
The U.S. military struck an airfield in central Syria on Thursday night in what the Trump administration described as a retaliatory strike for the Syrian government’s use of chemical weapons earlier this week.
In Washington, congressional reaction was mixed, with some lauding Trump’s swift action, and others questioning the legal and constitutional basis for the strikes. Florida Senator Marco Rubio praised the strike as a “tactical action that furthers an objective.”
“I think this is an important, decisive step that was taken,” he told CNN. “It is a degrading of the capability of the Syrian regime to carry out further chemical attacks against innocent civilians. This will degrade their capability to launch those attacks from the air, and I think it was an important step, and hopefully it's part of a comprehensive strategy.”
Arizona Senator John McCain and South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham, two of the Senate’s more hawkish members, also commended Trump for using military force against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s forces after the Obama administration’s previous refusals.
“Unlike the previous administration, President Trump confronted a pivotal moment in Syria and took action,” they said in a joint statement. “For that, he deserves the support of the American people. Building on tonight’s credible first step, we must learn the lessons of history and ensure that tactical success to strategic progress.”
Speaker Paul Ryan called the airstrikes “appropriate and just,” also drawing an implicit contrast with Barack Obama’s 2013 decision to not pursue airstrikes against Assad after a similar chemical-weapons attack by his military.
“These tactical strikes make clear that the Assad regime can no longer count on American inaction as it carries out atrocities against the Syrian people,” Ryan said in a statement. “Resolving the years-long crisis in Syria is a complex task, but Bashar al-Assad must be held accountable and his enablers must be persuaded to change course.”
Some Democrats joined the praise for the Trump administration’s move, including Florida Senator Bill Nelson.

I support the admin’s strike on the air base that launched the chemical attack. I hope this teaches Assad not to use chemical weapons again.
— Bill Nelson (@SenBillNelson) April 7, 2017
But Kentucky Senator Rand Paul, a Republican, raised concerns about the strike’s legality.

While we all condemn the atrocities in Syria, the United States was not attacked.
— Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) April 7, 2017

The President needs Congressional authorization for military action as required by the Constitution.
— Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) April 7, 2017

Our prior interventions in this region have done nothing to make us safer and Syria will be no different.
— Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) April 7, 2017
Michigan Representative Justin Amash, a Republican who shares Paul’s libertarian streak, also questioned the strike’s constitutionality.

Airstrikes are an act of war. Atrocities in Syria cannot justify departure from Constitution, which vests in Congress power to commence war.
— Justin Amash (@justinamash) April 7, 2017
Democratic members of Congress echoed those sentiments in even stronger terms. California Representative Ted Lieu described the strikes as “unconstitutional.”

If true, this is UNCONSTITUTIONAL. Congress never authorized @POTUS to engage in war on #Assad in #Syria. https://t.co/Q39BSgaFYq
— Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) April 7, 2017
Virginia Senator Tim Kaine was even blunter on the issue.

President waging military action against Syria without a vote of Congress? Unconstitutional.
— Senator Tim Kaine (@timkaine) April 7, 2017
Illinois Senator Dick Durbin, a member of the Senate Democratic leadership, also urged future congressional involvement, but took a more measured tone.
“My preliminary briefing by the White House indicated that this was a measured response to the Syrian nerve gas atrocity,” he said. “Any further action will require close scrutiny by Congress, and any escalation beyond airstrikes or missile strikes will require engaging the American people in that decision.”
Most top Democrats took a similar approach, balancing support for Thursday’s airstrike with caution against leaving out congressional leaders in future military decisions.
“Making sure Assad knows that when he commits such despicable atrocities he will pay a price is the right thing to do,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said. “It is incumbent on the Trump administration to come up with a strategy and consult with Congress before implementing it.”
Other Democrats, like Massachusetts Representative Seth Moulton, took aim at the president’s dissonant response to the victims of the chemical-weapons strike earlier this week and the Syrian refugee crisis as a whole.

So @POTUS cares enough about the Syrian people to launch 50 Tomahawks but not enough to let the victims of Assad find refuge & freedom here.
— Seth Moulton (@sethmoulton) April 7, 2017



ARTICLE
During a news conference in Palm Beach, Florida, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the U.S. is considering an “appropriate response” to Tuesday’s chemical attack in Syria. When asked by reporters if Assad should remain in power, President Trump said “he’s there and I guess he’s running things so something should happen.” Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in Palm Beach for his first meeting with Trump. House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes recused himself from the panel’s investigation into Russia’s alleged interference in the U.S. presidential election, citing ethics complaints. Republicans voted to change Senate rules to push through Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Judge Neil Gorsuch, after Democrats attempted to filibuster his confirmation.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

The Real Issue: Former National Security Advisor Susan Rice’s request to “unmask” names collected in U.S. surveillance has drawn attention to a much bigger scandal, writes Jake Laperruque: “the mass incidental collection and use of Americans’ communications without a warrant.” (The American Conservative) 
Bannon’s Doubts: Politico reports that Republican mega-donor Rebekah Mercer has urged White House chief strategist Steve Bannon not to resign, after Bannon expressed concerns about Jared Kushner. (Eliana Johnson, Kenneth P. Vogel, and Josh Dawsey)
Ending the Syria Blame Game: In response to the recent chemical attack in Idlib, Syria, Rebecca Hersman argues that the Trump administration should conduct an on-the ground investigation, target the Syrian government with sanctions, and develop victim registration. (Foreign Policy)
Making a Deal: In an effort to revive the GOP health-care bill, Republicans added an amendment that would create a subsidy to cover “sick, expensive patients.” The Obamacare-like addition is an attempt to make the bill more palatable, but not everyone is sold on the changes. (Billy House, Zachary Tracer, and Anna Edney, Bloomberg)
Weighing In: During a time of deep divisions among American voters, Trump’s opinions on issues can further polarize the public, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll. For example, “Democrats largely support the idea of government-run healthcare. But their support plummets when they learn that Trump once backed the idea.” (Chris Kahn and James Oliphant)
 
Trump Is in the Building: Check out these charts to see how many days the president has visited a Trump Organization property during his first three months in office—and what he did there. (Karen Yourish and Troy Griggs, The New York Times)
After the election, Donald Trump pledged to donate his annual presidential salary to charity. On Monday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer announced that Trump chose to give away his first-quarter salary of $78,333 to the National Park Service to be spent on the upkeep of America’s historic battlefields. Spicer said the president was presented with a number of options before coming to his decision. If you could suggest one option for potential future donations, what would it be—and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
It took less than a week for the Trump administration to completely reverse its policy on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. On Friday, the White House said that Assad’s continued leadership of the war-torn country was “political reality.” Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said, “I think the status and the longer-term status of President Assad will be decided by the Syrian people.” UN Ambassador Nikki Haley said U.S. policy is “no longer to sit there and focus on getting Assad out.”
That was then. Suddenly, after a chemical-weapons attack earlier this week, the U.S hasn’t just done a 180-degree rhetorical turn; it’s now talking about military options to remove Assad. On Thursday, Tillerson said “steps are underway” to remove him from power. CNN’s Dana Bash reported that President Trump has told members of Congress he’s considering military options. Reuters also reported Trump and Defense Secretary James Mattis “are in detailed discussions on military options to respond to a poison gas attack in Syria that killed scores of civilians,” with Mattis headed to Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida for the weekend.
Speaking to pool reporters on board Air Force One, the president offered a vague statement of his own about Assad. “He’s there, and I guess he’s running things, so I guess something should happen,” Trump said, sounding as though he were sliding toward putting U.S. troops into action without really understanding  why or wanting to do it.
It’s a breathtaking change of course, from the non-intervention of Trump’s campaign and early presidency to a sudden, noisy presentation of the war drums. Other presidents have campaigned on peace and made war; this week marks the centennial of Woodrow Wilson taking the U.S. into World War I, and George W. Bush campaigned against nation-building before he embarked on two of the costliest nation-building experiments in American history. No one yet knows what sort of course Trump might take, in part because he continues to insist he doesn’t want to tip his hand, even though all indications are he hasn’t even figured out what cards he holds yet.
Were Trump to opt for military action, it would be faster and with less incitement than either of those predecessors. As horrific as Tuesday’s chemical attack is, it’s similar to previous actions by the Assad regime, which Trump shrugged off as not America’s problem. But any attempt at military intervention would face a range of obstacles, both legal and practical.
One is finding a legal justification for a strike. The U.S. is already flying missions over Syria and Iraq to combat ISIS, but the Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) under which they are doing so would not cover an attack on the Assad regime. (Many legal analysts do not believe the existing AUMF even justifies the attacks on ISIS.) In 2013, after another chemical-weapons attack in Syria, President Obama considered military strikes against the Assad regime but ultimately decided he could not act without congressional authorization. Congress was in no hurry to grant it.
Some hawks accused Obama of using Congress as an excuse, and indeed previous presidents have launched attacks without seeking permission first. (In August 2013, however, Trump was sure that Congress must authorize any strike.) In practice, there’s usually very little Congress can do to head off such an attack before it happens. If it’s popular, Congress will generally go along; if it’s not, public opinion brings it to an end.
Even then, however, presidents have sought some sort of justification under international law. When Ronald Reagan bombed Libya in 1986 and when Bill Clinton bombed Afghanistan and Sudan in 1998, they each argued the attack was justified under Article 51 of the United Nations Charter, which allows nations to act in self-defense. It’s difficult to imagine how attacking Syria would suddenly and newly qualify as self-defense, especially given Trump’s blasé attitude toward Assad before Wednesday. (Jack Goldsmith, a former Bush administration official, made the case that action in Syria would be illegal in detail in 2013.)  Tillerson suggested Thursday the U.S. might justify an attack on the grounds that Assad’s use of chemical weapons violates past UN resolutions, saying it is “a serious matter. It requires a serious response.”
The international backlash might not be limited to complaint about rule-breaking; there are serious practical matters to consider, too. For one, whence would the U.S. launch any attacks? The Washington Post reports:

The United States has a broad arsenal already in the region should Trump decide to attack, including dozens of strike aircraft on the USS George H.W. Bush, an aircraft carrier that is deployed to the Middle East and accompanied by guided-missile destroyers and cruisers that can also launch Tomahawk cruise missiles.

Additionally, an amphibious naval force in the region that includes the 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit could muster Harrier jets and Cobra gunship helicopters. The Pentagon also has scores of aircraft in the region flying operations every day against the Islamic State group, including from Incirlik air base to the north in Turkey.

Nations hosting U.S. planes attacking ISIS might not be so eager to be a base for attacks on Assad, but Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has already said he would support U.S. action, which might answer one question.
Once U.S. aircraft were headed into Syria, they would have to negotiate the problem of Russian troops already there. Though the Kremlin said Thursday its support for Assad is not unconditional, there are Russian forces currently on the ground, along with sophisticated anti-aircraft systems. If American attacks killed Russians, it could spark a much larger diplomatic or military encounter. (The presence of Russian forces in Syria was one reasons some experts dismissed Hillary Clinton’s proposal for a no-fly zone in the country.)
All of this assumes Trump would begin with a barrage of airstrikes. (The U.S. does have limited ground troops already in Syria to fight ISIS, too.) One question is whether the president would pursue a quick strike and then attempt to extricate himself, or try something more sweeping. When Obama was toying with action, he very publicly pursued a limited strategy. Secretary of State John Kerry was widely mocked for saying any attack would be “unbelievably small,” but Kerry’s attempts at reassurance pointed to the central dilemma: What could a highly limited attack really achieve? Obama concluded the answer was not enough. If Trump decided for a small effort, what would the objective be? To kill Assad? And if it didn’t work immediately, what would he do next? Expand his fight? The risk of getting drawn into a protracted war is no less than it was in 2013.
If, on the other hand, Trump sought a more extensive strategy, all of the logistical, legal, and political questions would be even more complicated. Given how new the Trump administration is, and how understaffed it remains, the president can hardly have had time to consider the sorts of planning required for a major bombing campaign, much less a larger war. When Obama joined the intervention in Libya, it came a month into the Libyan civil war and was coordinated with other nations. Even so, that action turned into a catastrophe. The Iraq war was the product of months of planning, and its aftermath was even worse—bloodier and more costly. The Trump administration is giving every indication it’s on a much faster path than either of these.
These worries should be at the front of Trump’s mind in an especially concrete and emotional way, since he spent Thursday morning participating in the Wounded Warrior Project Soldier ride, a tribute to members of the armed services injured during the quagmires in Iraq and Afghanistan. Trump faces the same problem that Obama did on Assad: The Syrian leader is a bloodthirsty tyrant, and the U.S. possesses vast military might. But there are still no good answers on what to do with that military might, how to do it, or what comes afterwards.



ARTICLE
Updated at 6:46 p.m. ET
It’s only been a few months, but it feels like forever ago that Steve Bannon told New York Magazine that he had “bonded” with Jared Kushner, who “really gets this grassroots, populist movement in a huge way.”
Now, the two men are at odds in an escalating conflict that might seem like just the latest twist in the constant palace intrigue emanating from the White House. But this clash, which threatens Bannon’s position and could further cement Kushner’s increasingly broad influence, has importance beyond the sort of petty infighting that afflicts any administration. For Trump supporters, this is a battle between the populist nationalist movement on the right, for which Trump is a figurehead, and the more pragmatic, less ideological approach exhibited by Kushner and his allies. The result could determine whether the Trump White House stays, well, Trumpian, or whether it begins to morph into exactly what someone like Steve Bannon hates: a more mainstream Republican administration.
Bannon, who was removed from the National Security Council principals’ committee on Wednesday, has been at odds with Kushner, who has been taking on more and more responsibility in the White House across a broad range of issues. Politico reported that Bannon threatened to quit if he was removed from the NSC. The Daily Beast reported that Bannon has called Kushner a “cuck” and a “globalist” behind his back. (A source close to Bannon insisted they had never heard Bannon use the term “cuck” in any context.) Bannon has been warning of a “gunfight,” Axios reported.
According to a senior White House official, Bannon and Kushner “disagree on everything on policy.”
“Jared is a liberal Democrat,” the official said, accusing Kushner of trying to limit the role of some in Trump’s orbit—including Bannon, policy aide Stephen Miller, White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, Domestic Policy Council Director Andrew Bremberg, and Vice President Mike Pence—in making policy. Kushner, the official charged, is trying to “slow-walk” executive orders on trade, for example.
In response to the official's accusations against Kushner, White House director of strategic communications Hope Hicks said "The information your source provided you is not accurate."
Bannon told me reports that he was threatening to quit were “absurd.”
But it’s hard to spin the reality of this White House, which is that people like Kushner and National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, whose predecessor Michael Flynn resigned after lying about his conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak, are growing in influence after a turbulent first three months. During that time, Bannon and his allies like Miller have shouldered the blame for some of the administration’s biggest setbacks, like the initial travel ban executive order that was quickly overturned in the federal courts. Kushner recently became charged with a new office tasked with streamlining the government, called the Office of American Innovation, and Bannon’s removal from the NSC principals’ committee was widely interpreted as a win for McMaster.
“The bottom line on the thing is it’s real, it’s absolutely real,” a Bannon ally outside the White House said of the conflict between Bannon and Kushner, adding that the anti-Bannon forces include not just Kushner, but top economic adviser Gary Cohn and Deputy National Security Adviser Dina Powell as well.
“Definitely tensions, nothing resolved,” said a source close to Trump, in an email. There are “attempts to clearly define roles. Potus now is engaged in resolving the issues if they can be resolved.”
“Jared just doesn’t think that Trump will be successful with somebody like Bannon in there,” said one source close to the White House. “I know, for instance, that there have been meetings that Bannon would normally be in and he hasn’t been in recently.”
Bannon was conspicuously absent from Trump’s joint press conference with the King of Jordan in the Rose Garden on Wednesday. Six top aides sat in on Trump’s interview with The New York Times this week, including Cohn, but Bannon was not listed among them in the transcript of the interview.
“I think he is in trouble,” said another source with knowledge of the internal workings of the White House. “I think Jared is moving on him.”
“For whatever reason Bannon seems to be allied with Reince, and Bannon seems to be opposed by Jared,” the source said.
The issue—as my colleague Conor Friedersdorf pointed out today—appears to be at least partially about image. Kushner and Ivanka Trump have carefully managed their brand in the media, and Bannon’s hard-edged nationalism threatens their smooth public personae.
“I’m sure Jared and Ivanka are very embarrassed by Steve’s politics,” the source with inside knowledge of the White House said. “I know they’re not fashionable in Manhattan but those are the politics that got Trump elected. Clearly Jared wants the president to be a more mainstream political figure.”
This line is being amplified in pro-Trump media. Longtime Trump confidant Roger Stone went on conspiracy-theory network Infowars this week to accuse Kushner of leaking anti-Bannon stories to MSNBC’s Joe Scarborough. Breitbart News, the right-wing nationalist outlet formerly run by Bannon, has published a string of stories critical of Kushner in the last few days, accusing him of having a “thin resume in diplomacy” and writing up Stone’s accusations.
“Bannon out. Nunes out. Flynn out. Sessions recused,” conservative writer Ann Coulter, a leading Trump supporter, wrote on Twitter. “We won WH & both houses! Imagine if we lost. GOP would be picking up Dems dry cleaning.”
For now, the situation remains unresolved. Bannon, for example, is among the senior staff traveling with Trump on Air Force One today.
But his predicament speaks to a dynamic within this White House that has thus far proved unshakeable: You can’t bet against the family. And it speaks to a truth about Washington, which is that the establishment always seems to find a way to reassert itself—even in as unusual an environment as Trump’s White House.
“If the Trump administration becomes a pale copy of the Bush administration,” the source with inside knowledge of the White House said, “then there was no reason for this election.”



ARTICLE
In the wake of a deadly chemical attack in Syria, some Republicans in Congress have called on President Trump to stand up more forcefully to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad—with Senator Marco Rubio going so far as to suggest that the administration’s foreign policy has emboldened him. Now, there are indications that Trump may be willing to take a harder line, as the president is reportedly considering the possibility of a military response.
After the strike on a rebel-held town in Syria on Tuesday, several of the Senate’s more hawkish lawmakers pushed the Trump administration to make a move. Senators Lindsey Graham and John McCain said in a joint statement on Thursday that Assad “must pay a punitive cost for this horrific attack,” and called on the United States to “lead an international coalition to ground Assad’s air force.” Graham earlier called the attack “the biggest test yet of the Trump presidency,” while Senator Tom Cotton said the United States must adopt “a stronger Syria policy” starting “with demanding Assad’s departure.”
The Trump administration has so far sent mixed messages on Syria, and it’s impossible to predict what the president will ultimately decide to do. But CNN reported on Thursday that “Trump has told some members of Congress that he is considering military action in retaliation,” citing an unnamed source. The story added that “the president had not firmly decided to go ahead with it.” Citing a U.S. official, Reuters also reported on Thursday that “the Pentagon and the White House are in detailed discussions on military options” in response to the attack.  
On Wednesday, Trump said during a press conference that his “attitude toward Syria and Assad has changed,” and he hinted at the potential for action without offering specifics. “Militarily, I don’t like to say where I’m going and what I’m doing,” he said. On Thursday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said that “steps are underway” when asked if he and Trump would organize an international coalition to remove Assad.
Public pressure from hawkish Republicans can, in part, be traced to administration comments prior to the attack suggesting that Trump had no intention of trying to oust the Syrian president. Last week, Tillerson said that Assad’s fate “will be decided by the Syrian people,” signaling that the United States would not push for his removal from power. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley went further last Thursday when she said that “our priority is no longer to sit there and focus on getting Assad out.”
Some of the same Republicans now pressuring Trump to act in response to the chemical attack criticized those earlier remarks. Arizona’s McCain called Tillerson’s comments “incredible.” South Carolina’s Graham said that “to suggest that Assad is an acceptable leader for the Syrian people is to ignore the wholesale slaughter of the Syrian people by the Assad regime.”
After Tuesday’s strike, Senator Marco Rubio implied that the current administration may even shoulder some responsibility. The Florida senator told a Tampa Bay radio station on Wednesday that he found Tillerson’s remarks “concerning,” describing his message as a nod “to the idea that Assad was going to get to stay in some capacity.” He continued: “I don’t think it’s a coincidence that a few days later we see this. Assad believes, and sadly he may be right, that he can gas his people … and he’ll stay in power … And I hate to say this, I think he’s going to get away with it.”
Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas responded to the attack by swiftly calling for Assad’s removal from power. “It is time for a stronger Syria policy, one that holds the Assad government, Russia, and Iran accountable for their brutality,” he said in a statement. Cotton added: “That policy begins with demanding Assad’s departure from Syria.”
The ongoing Syrian civil war—and Tuesday’s chemical attack—highlights another fault line in the GOP. On the campaign trail, Trump’s approach to foreign policy veered from promises to “bomb the shit” out of ISIS to criticism of past U.S. military intervention. Overall, though, Trump emphasized that the United States had for too long neglected domestic issues, and emphasized that rebuilding material prosperity at home should be the country’s top priority. He suggested that the country should not be the world’s policeman—an approach to foreign policy at odds with the interventionist strain within the Republican Party.
Recently, Trump has tried to shift blame to his predecessor for the situation in Syria. In a formal statement reacting to the chemical attack, Trump said the “civilized world” can’t ignore what happened, but offered no indication of what comes next. Instead, he invoked former President Barack Obama, calling the “heinous actions by the Bashar al-Assad regime” a “consequence of the past administration’s weakness and irresolution.”
The next day, Trump seemed to suggest he’d be tougher on Syria than Obama had been. The attack “crosses many, many lines, beyond a red line,” he said—an apparent reference to Obama’s infamous declaration that Assad’s use of chemical weapons would amount to “a red line,” and that if crossed would trigger “enormous consequences.” Also on Wednesday, Haley warned that the United States may “take our own action” if the United Nations fails to act.
If Trump opts for a military approach, that won’t necessarily be an indication that hawkish congressional Republicans did anything to convince him. CNN reported on Thursday that “Trump is relying on the judgment” of his secretary of defense, James Mattis, as he weighs his options. But if the president decides not to take action, he will undoubtedly face further pressure from these lawmakers to respond with force. Indeed, he may even be accused of drawing a red line of his own and then failing to enforce it.   



ARTICLE
Republican leaders and high-powered donors in Utah are waging a quiet but concerted campaign to convince 83-year-old incumbent Senator Orrin Hatch not to seek reelection next year—and now, they may have found a successor. Mitt Romney, the one-time presidential nominee and leading Trump critic, is exploring a run for Hatch’s Senate seat.
According to six sources familiar with the situation, Romney has spent recent weeks actively discussing a potential 2018 Senate bid with a range of high-level Republicans in both Utah and Washington, and has privately signaled a growing interest in the idea. Romney, though, has made clear he would not pursue the seat without Hatch’s blessing.
Hatch, who has served in the Senate for more than four decades, seemed to signal a willingness to step aside during an interview last week with National Journal’s Alex Rogers. “If I could get a really outstanding person to run for my position, I might very well consider [retiring],” Hatch said, adding, “Mitt Romney would be perfect.”
After the comment prompted a flurry of headlines in the Utah press—catching Romney by surprise, according to two people close to him—Hatch’s office moved to publicly tamp down the buzz. In a statement to The Atlantic, Hatch said he was “giving careful consideration as to whether I will seek reelection” and has “yet to make a final decision.” He also said, “While it’s no secret that I hold Mitt Romney in extraordinarily high esteem, my musing aloud on the subject has apparently snowballed into a frenzy of premature speculation.” The “overhyped intrigue,” he said, “doesn’t reflect the reality of the situation, especially this soon after the last election.”
Behind the scenes, though, Hatch’s remark was widely interpreted among Utah politicos as an intentional trial balloon. “That was no accident,” said one senior Republican in the state.
For his part, Romney, who owns a house outside Salt Lake City, appears to be taking the potential Senate bid seriously. In addition to discussing it with Hatch and other party leaders in Utah, sources said Romney has spoken with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. According to two people with knowledge of the conversation, McConnell encouraged Romney to run if Hatch’s seat opens up, and sought to assure the former GOP presidential nominee that he would have more influence in the chamber than a typical junior senator. (A spokesman for McConnell declined to comment; a representative for Romney said he was traveling abroad an unavailable to answer questions for this story.)
Ever since Romney’s 2012 defeat, journalists and pundits have made a parlor game of speculating about his political future, and loyalists in his orbit have long yearned for him to re-enter the fray. But two people close to Romney say he didn’t show a real interest in the Senate race until Jon Huntsman—a former Utah governor and longtime rival—began to consider a bid. Since then, Huntsman has reportedly been tapped for U.S. ambassador to Russia, a post that would take him out of the running. In an interview earlier this year with the Deseret News, Romney said “all doors are open” after mentioning the 2018 Senate race.
If he does decide to run, the campaign would likely be a cakewalk. Romney, who was the first-ever Mormon to secure a major-party presidential nomination, is widely admired in Utah, and voters would likely thrill at the chance to cast another vote for him. “It would be the easiest Senate bid in the history of the United States of America,” Hal Boyd, the Deseret News’ opinion editor, told me.
Even other prospective candidates are enthusiastic about the idea. Derek Miller, the CEO of Utah’s World Trade Center who is exploring a Senate bid of his own, told me he’d abandon his campaign if Romney entered the race. “I hold Mitt Romney in the highest regard. If he decided to run, I’d be out there doing a honk-and-wave for him.”
Why would Romney, who just turned 70, consider abandoning his pleasant and perfectly Instagram-able retirement to run for office now? People close to him say there are several factors pulling him back toward public life.
The most obvious one is Donald Trump’s presidency. During the 2016 campaign, Romney was among the most high-profile—and persistent—Republican critics of Trump, and one of the few national figures in the party who refused to support him until the end. Though his anti-Trump credentials were tarnished by his post-election pursuit of the secretary of state post, sources who have discussed it with Romney say his views on Trump have not changed—and if he did enter the Senate, he would not be a reliable ally to the White House. “It would be an opportunity for Mitt to represent the Utah style of Republicanism … and present a strong challenge to the president,” said one senior Republican.
Another factor is Romney’s Mormon faith. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, which is headquartered in Utah, has long relied on Hatch to serve as a representative and ambassador in Washington—a role that Romney views as important, and necessary. Many of the Mormon Romney-backers I spoke to talked about his call to public service in spiritual terms—with some even making half-joking references to “White Horse Prophecy,” a bit of apocryphal LDS folk doctrine that predicts the U.S. Constitution will one day “hang by a thread” and Mormons will have to save it. “If [Romney] does this … he gets to ride around on a white horse for a while,” said one Utah Republican. “Maybe it really is hanging by a thread. We thought Obama was the threat all this time—maybe it turns out it’s Trump.”
Some sources close to Romney cautioned that he is a naturally deliberative person—just because he’s doing his due diligence in exploring a Senate bid doesn’t mean he’ll actually end up pulling the trigger. But, as one friend added, “I do think he’s bored. He loves playing with his grandkids and he loves Ann, but Ann has her writing and her [charity] work, which she’s very passionate about. And I don’t think Mitt has anything in his life right now that he’s very passionate about.”
Of course, there is no guarantee that Hatch—the longest-serving Republican Senator in Washington—will decide to bow out. GOP leaders in Utah have been quietly discussing for years how best to convince Hatch he should retire—but the subject has taken on a new urgency in recent months, as polls show an overwhelming majority of voters would prefer that he not run again. A few months ago, Hatch and his allies attempted to boost the senator’s standing in the state with a flurry of photo-ops, increased face time in Utah, and glowing op-eds in local papers—but his poll numbers remained stubbornly low.
Few in the state’s political and business establishment are willing to force Hatch’s hand. “We’ll support Orrin if he runs,” said one top Utah Republican, “but we really hope he doesn’t.” But many are increasingly concerned that the senator is vulnerable to a primary challenge from the right. Several Utah Republicans told me they fear he will be defeated by a principled, but unpredictable, rabble-rouser like Mike Lee. And those closest to Hatch worry that his legacy will be badly damaged if his long career ends in a bloody primary battle. Even if he wins, sources told me, there is concern about how his health and mental acuity will hold up over another six-year term.
Hatch is thinking about his legacy, too—and those trying gently to steer him toward retirement have promised to help raise money for a building, perhaps at the University of Utah, dedicated to his service. Some speculated to me that the project could be imperiled if Hatch runs for reelection and loses. If, on the other hand, he opts to hand off the baton to Romney and exit gracefully, he would likely be remembered as a hero in his state, they said.
For now, said Hatch spokesman Matt Whitlock, the senator is “laser focused” on his day job. “If he does seek reelection, he will win. In a time of considerable uncertainty in Washington … he will fight to ensure Utah has the best possible seat at the table.”



ARTICLE
Stephen Bannon presided over Breitbart as it stoked anti-Muslim prejudice and white racial anxiety; saw Donald Trump as a useful vessel for destroying the Republican Party; and steered Trump’s presidential campaign toward white nationalism. The 63-year-old once suggested that a war between the U.S. and China is inevitable. And he wants right-wing populists to take power in numerous countries.
Jared Kushner is President Trump’s son-in-law. He is 36 years old. Barring a major change to the existing order, he will live out the next 50 years or so with his wife Ivanka Trump, their three children, and hundreds of millions of dollars in assets, participating in global business and traveling the world at their pleasure. One threat to that future is a catastrophic war with China. As a Harvard graduate with three Jewish children, Kushner might worry even more about virulently anti-elite right-wing populists taking power in countries across the northern hemisphere.
Thus the stark divergence in interests between Bannon, the aging, thrice-divorced ideologue, and Kushner, the young man whose grandparents survived the Holocaust.
Then there is Ivanka. She spent a lifetime comporting herself with exquisite poise and propriety in nearly every public appearance, only to see herself portrayed on Saturday Night Live––a show that’s produced indelible caricatures of many political celebrities––as “complicit” in the worst misdeeds perpetrated by her crude father. She may be earnest in countering that she wants to make a positive difference. But even if she were thinking only of her personal brand, or her children’s future, she would have ample incentives to want Bannon’s project sidelined, given that its success requires stark polarization and sharing a coalition with white nationalists.
She is young, too, and will presumably control the Trump brand long in the future, when her father is dead and white people are no longer a majority in the United States.
Bannon is toxic to the brand she wants to maintain.
Those are the factors I thought about when I saw that Bannon has been removed from the National Security Council, and saw Politico report, “Five people, including a senior administration official and several sources close to the president, tell POLITICO that Bannon, one of Trump’s closest advisers, has clashed with the president’s son-in-law Jared Kushner, who’s taken on an increasingly prominent portfolio in the West Wing. Bannon has complained that Kushner and his allies are trying to undermine his populist approach, the sources said.”
If the outcome is nepotism, I don’t exactly approve. But better nepotism than white nationalism and agitating for war with China, if those are the options these days.



ARTICLE
Updated on April 6 at 1:20 p.m. ET
The judicial filibuster in the Senate is now dead.
Republicans on Thursday ended decades of Senate tradition by changing the rules to keep Democrats from blocking President Trump’s nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. On a strict party-line vote at the direction of Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, the Senate invoked what has become known as the “nuclear option” and formally lowered the threshold for ending debate on a nomination to 51 votes from 60, paving the way for Gorsuch to win confirmation on Friday.
The demise of perhaps the Senate’s most famous rule—on nominations if not yet on legislation—came in a series of procedural votes rendered anti-climatic by the aura of inevitability that had been building for weeks after Trump named the 49-year-old Colorado appellate judge to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court. The move not only ensures the return of a fifth conservative vote to the court but likely will permanently alter the selection of justices going forward: A president whose party controls the majority in the Senate will no longer need to choose a candidate that can receive bipartisan support, empowering liberal and conservative activists over those in the middle.
Democrats forced the showdown by amassing 44 votes in opposition to granting Gorsuch a final up-or-down vote, denying him the 60 needed to end a filibuster. In press conferences and floor statements, they argued that Gorsuch’s judicial philosophy fell outside the political mainstream and said they could not abide Trump reconstituting a conservative majority on the high court for decades to come. Gorsuch, they said, had further turned them off by his evasive answers at his confirmation hearings and what some Democrats considered a condescending tone.
But the Democratic opposition ultimately was as much about Merrick Garland as it was about Neil Gorsuch. They acted both in response to pressure from their party’s base and their own fury at McConnell’s decision last year to deny Garland so much as a hearing after former President Barack Obama nominated him in the wake of Scalia’s sudden death 14 months ago.
In the days leading up to Thursday’s vote, Minority Leader Charles Schumer implored McConnell and Senate Republicans to “step back from the brink” and uphold the tradition of the filibuster by forcing Trump to name a new, consensus nominee.
“Mr. President, the 60-vote bar in the Senate is the guardrail of our democracy,” he said in a floor speech before the vote. “When our body politic is veering too far to the right or to the left, the answer is not to dismantle the guard rails and go over the cliff, but to turn the wheel back toward the middle. The answer is not to undo the guardrails—the rules—it’s to steer back to the middle and get a more mainstream candidate.”
Yet it was Schumer’s party that began to chip away at the filibuster four years ago, when under then-Majority Leader Harry Reid, Democrats eliminated the 60-vote threshold for all executive-branch positions and judicial nominees below the Supreme Court. While they exempted the Supreme Court at the time, there was little doubt that had Hillary Clinton won the presidency with a Democratic Senate majority, the party would have changed the rules in the face of a similar Republican filibuster.
There was similarly little doubt about what McConnell would do. He vowed from the outset that Gorsuch would be confirmed and accused Democrats of breaking with Senate precedent with a first-ever partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee. (A collection of both Democrats and Republicans successfully blocked Abe Fortas’s elevation to chief justice in 1968.)
The only question in recent days was whether all 52 Republicans, including its longest-serving guardians of Senate tradition, would stick with McConnell and change the rules. Senator John McCain of Arizona publicly agonized over the move but said the Democratic filibuster had left him no choice. Centrist GOP Senator Susan Collins of Maine convened last-minute talks over a deal to confirm Gorsuch while preserving the filibuster for future Supreme Court nominations. But when those failed, she, too, voted with her party.
In a lengthy speech on Thursday, McConnell pinned the blame for the escalation of the judicial wars on Democrats, and offered them one last opportunity to turn back. “If you truly cannot support the nomination of this eminently qualified nominee, then at least allow the bipartisan majority of the Senate that supports Gorsuch to take an up-or-down vote,” he said. “You already deployed the ‘nuclear option’ in 2013, don’t trigger it again in 2017.”
By then, however, the decisions had been made. In two successive roll-call votes, Democrats blocked the Gorsuch nomination under the 60-vote threshold. McConnell then sought, unsuccessfully, for the presiding officer to rule that the Democrats’ rule change in 2013 applied as well to Supreme Court nominations. When that failed, he submitted a motion asking whether senators wanted to keep the 60-vote threshold. As expected, all 52 Republicans voted to toss it, overcoming the 48 Democrats who wanted to sustain it. After that, the Senate voted again to defeat the filibuster under the new, 51-vote threshold. Three Democrats—Senators Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, and Joe Donnelly of Indiana—voted with Republicans to support Gorsuch. Senator Michael Bennet of Colorado, a Democrat, switched his vote to back the filibuster after Republicans changed the rules. The Senate will now hold a final, up-or-down vote on Gorsuch’s confirmation on Friday, with a simple majority of 51 votes needed to pass.
McConnell had assured senators that he would not seek to revoke the 60-vote threshold for legislation, preserving the Democrats’ ability to influence or even block key parts of the Trump agenda. But some lawmakers were skeptical that even that tool would long survive.
“While I’m sure we will continue to debate what got us here, I know that in 20, 30, or 40 years, we will sadly point to today as a turning point in the history of the Senate and the Supreme Court,” Schumer said before the vote. “This is a day when we irrevocably move away from the principles our Founders intended for these institutions: principles of bipartisanship, moderation, and consensus.”
“Let us go no further on this path,” he concluded.



ARTICLE
In August 2013, there was a gas attack in Ghouta, Syria. The attack, which was attributed to the Syrian government by everyone except President Assad and his Russian allies, killed hundreds of people and outraged the international community. A consensus arose in the West: Something had to be done.
The urgency was elevated by Obama’s own statement, in 2012, that the use of chemical weapons would constitute a “red line” that would demand American action. Then-Secretary of State John Kerry reacted accordingly in 2013, with a bellicose speech the day after the Ghouta attack. But Obama ended up following a different path, even as critics argued he was destroying U.S. credibility by opting not to intervene. Instead, he worked with Russian officials to cut a deal in which Assad would surrender his chemical weapons. Meanwhile, the U.S. avoided another open-ended, costly, bloody Middle Eastern war.
In an extensive piece last year trying to hash out what exactly President Obama’s overarching approach to foreign policy was, my colleague Jeffrey Goldberg examined the incident in detail. “I’m very proud of this moment,” Obama told Goldberg. “The overwhelming weight of conventional wisdom and the machinery of our national-security apparatus had gone fairly far. The perception was that my credibility was at stake, that America’s credibility was at stake. And so for me to press the pause button at that moment, I knew, would cost me politically. And the fact that I was able to pull back from the immediate pressures and think through in my own mind what was in America’s interest, not only with respect to Syria but also with respect to our democracy, was as tough a decision as I’ve made—and I believe ultimately it was the right decision to make.”
One of the few people who agreed with Obama, in a peculiar way, was Donald Trump, not then seen as a serious political force. “President Obama, do not attack Syria. There is no upside and tremendous downside. Save your "powder" for another (and more important) day!” he tweeted, one of a series of statements in which he argued that intervening in Syria was a bad idea and contrary to American interests.
But pride goes before a fall, and Obama’s solution no longer seems so effective. Despite the agreement to remove chemical weapons, Assad has retained some parts of his arsenal and has reportedly used them repeatedly since 2013. Meanwhile, there’s a renewed possibility of substantial American military involvement, as the number of U.S. troops in Syria has expanded in the last month.
President Trump now finds himself a situation similar to the dilemma Obama faced in August 2013. Like Obama, he has argued that the U.S. needs to take a more limited role in the Middle East. But with an apparent sarin-gas attack in Idlib, Syria, on Tuesday, Trump now has to deal with a renewed refrain: Something has to be done.
Trump’s first impulse was to blame Obama:

These heinous actions by the Bashar al-Assad regime are a consequence of the past administration’s weakness and irresolution. President Obama said in 2012 that he would establish a “red line” against the use of chemical weapons and then did nothing. The United States stands with our allies across the globe to condemn this intolerable attack.

That excuse fell short, for the reasons stated above: Whether or not Obama erred by declaring the red line, the record shows that Trump was imploring him not to attack.
On Wednesday, during a press conference with King Abdullah of Jordan, Trump sounded a different note.
“It’s already happened that my attitude toward Syria and Assad has changed very much,” he said. “And if you look back over the last few weeks, there were other attacks using gas. You’re now talking about a whole different level.”
During the presidential campaign, and again earlier this year, Trump has suggested that the solution to the Syrian civil war is a closer partnership between the U.S. and Russia. But in an interview with The New York Times on Wednesday, Trump was critical of Moscow. “Well, I think it’s a very sad day for Russia because they’re aligned, and in this case, all information points to Syria that they did this,” he said.
Trump’s newfound horror at slaughter in Syria, and his apparent realization that Russia is enabling Assad, are puzzling, since both go back years. What his awakening might mean for U.S. policy is unclear. Speaking alongside Abdullah, Trump said he wouldn’t say what he was going to do lest he tip his hand. But this has been a frequent excuse for the president when he actually has no plan on hand.
His reticence is understandable, because there aren’t any good options. Trump’s first two ideas were the same as Obama’s: Don’t intervene militarily, and work with the Russians instead. But that didn’t prevent chemical weapons attacks, or bring the civil war in Syria to an end. Now, the U.S might end up sending troops in anyway. Obama was proud of finding what looked like the least-worst choice in 2013. The events of 2017 are calling that choice into question, and presenting Trump with a similarly unappealing menu.



ARTICLE
Representative Devin Nunes will no longer lead the House Intelligence Committee’s investigation into Russian interference in last year’s election amid allegations that he broke congressional rules by disclosing classified information.
The California Republican announced abruptly on Thursday he would step aside from the inquiry  while the House Ethics Committees investigates his actions. “The charges are entirely false and politically motivated, and are being leveled just as the American people are beginning to learn the truth about the improper unmasking of the identities of U.S. citizens and other abuses of power,” Nunes said in a statement. In a separate statement issued moments later, Speaker Paul Ryan said he backed the decision and the Representative Mike Conaway of Texas would now lead the Intelligence Committee’s investigation. Nunes will remain chairman of the full committee.
Ryan said:

Devin Nunes has earned my trust over many years for his integrity and dedication to the critical work that the intelligence community does to keep America safe. He continues to have that trust, and I know he is eager to demonstrate to the Ethics Committee that he has followed all proper guidelines and laws. In the meantime, it is clear that this process would be a distraction for the House Intelligence Committee’s investigation into Russian interference in our election.

At a press conference, Ryan reiterated that he still had confidence in Nunes’s leadership of the Intelligence Committee, but the chairman’s sudden move to quit the Russia probe raises questions about whether he misled the speaker about his handling of evidence that he viewed at the White House.
The Ethics Committee, which is jointly led by a Republican and a Democrat, confirmed that it had launched an inquiry based on “certain allegations of unauthorized disclosure of classified information.” Although Nunes blamed “left-wing activist groups” for filing a complaint, the statement indicated the investigation stemmed not from a formal complaint filed by outside groups, but rather, from the committee’s own responsibilities.
Nunes has drawn condemnation from Democrats and increasing criticism from Republicans for appearing to be carrying the water of President Trump and his associates. Days after FBI Director James Comey confirmed the existence of an ongoing and potentially criminal investigation into the Trump campaign’s links to the Russian government, Nunes held a press conference to announce he had uncovered evidence that conversations involving Trump associates had been “incidentally” collected, an intelligence term that describes when the communications of individuals interacting with targets of official surveillance are picked up.  
Later, Nunes expressed concerns that Trump transition officials whose communications had been incidentally collected had been inappropriately “unmasked.” In intelligence reports, the identities of US persons that are incidentally collected are anonymized or “masked;” they can be unmasked at the request of high ranking officials if intelligence agencies determine doing so would contribute to understanding the report.
To many conservatives and the president himself, Nunes’ disclosure seemed to grant validity to Trump’s unsubstantiated tweeted claim that former President Barack Obama had wiretapped him. In a bizarre move, Nunes then went to the White House to brief the president on what he had learned, but it was later reported that the evidence he had seen had come from officials at the White House itself.
In a letter to the Office of Congressional Ethics, representatives of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, along with other good-government advocates, noted that Nunes had acknowledged that the information he viewed at the White House was classified. If so, that would be a violation of House rules, and potentially federal law.
Representative Adam Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee who had bickered with Nunes in recent weeks, praised his decision to step aside. “I know this was not an easy decision for the chairman, with whom I have worked well for many years,” he said in a statement. “The important work of investigating the Russian involvement in our election never subsided, but we have a fresh opportunity to move forward in the unified and nonpartisan way that an investigation of this seriousness demands.”



ARTICLE
Where were you on June 10, 1964?
What were you doing, what were you thinking, what were you talking about?
You may not have been born; you may have been very young. I remember June 10, 1964, clearly. I was 14, a Southern white boy teetering on the edge of adolescence, thinking ahead to high school and girls—and dimly realizing that the world as I knew it was about to change forever.
On June 10, 1964, 71 U.S. Senators voted to end debate on the proposed Civil Rights Act of 1964. The CRA is the law that ended Southern apartheid, revolutionizing life in my segregated backwater region. It was also the first civil-rights measure in history to pass after a Senate vote on “cloture”—a two-thirds vote to end debate—ended a Southern filibuster.
By the end of this week, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell will almost certainly invoke the “nuclear option” and force a vote to abolish the privilege of “unlimited debate”—in less highfalutin words, the filibuster—on presidential Supreme Court nominations. This will allow a majority vote to confirm Judge Neil Gorsuch to the seat vacated by the death of Antonin Scalia.
If I were a senator, I would vote no on Gorsuch. I was on the fence until I saw his show of contempt for the Senate Judiciary Committee and the public during his confirmation hearings. I also think his seat was, as critics say, stolen from a sitting president, Barack Obama, in defiance of constitutional norms and simple good citizenship. I am glad that the Democrats have united to register their fierce opposition to the way the Republican Party has annexed the Court to its nakedly partisan politics.
Is a Gorsuch filibuster wise tactically? I don’t know, but George Orwell once said, “I believe that it is better even from the point of view of survival to fight and be conquered than to surrender without fighting.”
The possible demise of the Supreme Court filibuster, however, is being greeted by wise Washington commentators as if some deep norm of democracy is being lightly cast aside.
It’s not. If the Democrats use the filibuster to protest the nomination, that may very well be the only constructive purpose this wretched practice has ever served.  If Mitch McConnell drives another nail into the filibuster’s coffin, history may record that act as one of the man’s few positive achievements.
To be clear, the “nuclear” destruction of the Gorsuch filibuster, if it happens, will not put an end to filibusters in general. All the shouting over the past few years has been over the increasingly frequent practice of filibustering presidential nominations, both to federal judgeships and to other executive posts. In 2013, after Republicans blocked all of Obama’s appointees to the Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, Senate Democrats used the rules to end the filibuster of executive and lower-court nominations. This week’s dispute will simply extend that new rule to bar filibusters of Supreme Court nominees as well.
The practice under Senate rules of filibustering actual legislation will, for the time persist. It deserves an ignominious death as well.
That takes me back to 1964: All through April and May, a group of 18 Southern senators held forth in Dixie-gothic glory on the Senate floor, shaking their silver locks as they forecast the horrors awaiting American civilization if federal law required “race-mixing.” Senator Richard Russell of Georgia, the leader of the filibuster, proclaimed proudly, “We will resist to the bitter end any measure or any movement which would have a tendency to bring about social equality and intermingling and amalgamation of the races in our states.”
All through the two agonizing months of “debate,” President Lyndon B. Johnson and the Republican and Democratic leadership in the Senate scurried to assemble the 67 votes needed to bring the act to a vote. On June 10, the stars were in alignment; but just barely. As late as the morning of the vote, the result was in doubt. Senator Clare Engle, terminally ill with a brain tumor, was transported to the Capitol by ambulance and rolled onto the Senate floor in a wheelchair. The University of Texas neurosurgeon Colin Son recounts what followed: When the Senate clerk called his name, Engle was unable to speak. Instead, he pointed to his eye. His vote was recorded as “Aye.”
Engle died a month later.
In the end, the Civil Rights Act passed by 71 votes. It was, as Son notes, the first civil-rights bill ever to pass after defeating a filibuster—and only the second defeat for the filibuster since 1927.
The filibuster has no roots in the Constitution (which merely empowers each House of Congress to set its own rules) or in the thought of the framers. It grew up by accident. As political scientist Sarah Binder of George Washington University has written, the early Senate, like most deliberative bodies, allowed a motion called “previous question,” which allowed a majority to shut off debate and proceed to vote on a pending measure. The filibuster was an accidental creation of Vice President Aaron Burr, he of the great ideas. (“Hey, how about I throw the 1800 election into chaos? How about I kill Alexander Hamilton? How about I become emperor of the American Southwest? Are you with me?”) In 1805, Burr supervised a revision of the rulebook and apparently suggested that a body as small and collegial as the Senate—it had only 34 members at the time—didn’t need a rule to end debate.
After the rule was dropped, debate had to proceed as long as any Senator wanted to speak. But no one used the rule as a weapon until three decades later. After the Civil War, conservative Democrats used it repeatedly to block measures protecting civil and voting rights of black Americans. In the early 20th Century, a small group filibustered a measure that would have allowed President Woodrow Wilson to arm American merchant ships against German raiders. Wilson and his backers were outraged, and demanded a rule allowing “cloture.”
In 1938, Southern senators blocked a federal bill to protect black Southerners from lynching. In 1946, a filibuster blocked a plan to establish a federal Fair Employment Practices Commission. In 1957, Majority Leader Lyndon Johnson allowed Southern members to severely water down a proposed civil-rights bill in exchange for a promise not to filibuster it. Even so, Senator Strom Thurmond of South Carolina occupied the floor by himself for more than 24 hours in a symbolic filibuster. In 1968, Republicans and conservative Democrats senator for the first time filibustered a Supreme Court nomination, blocking Johnson’s appointment of Abe Fortas as Chief Justice.
In 1975, a Democratic Senate majority cut the number of votes needed for cloture to 60. In the 21st Century, the merry-go-round of hypocrisy has been nearly nauseating. When they controlled the Senate under George W. Bush, Republicans found Democratic filibusters of nominees unconstitutional; when Democrats took control of the White House and Senate, Republicans rediscovered its deep wisdom and the Democrats found their capacity for outrage. Huge chunks of President Barack Obama’s legislative agenda were slowed or blocked by the filibuster, to the nation’s great disadvantage. Now, under Trump, the Republicans passionately hate the filibuster of nominations, and the Democrats revere it.
I say to hell with it, and I mean that quite literally.
In democratic terms, the Senate itself is enough of an outrage, with its grotesque two-senators-per-state rule that puts Wyoming and California on an “equal” footing. The filibuster adds a mechanism by which 41 senators—who might, in fact, represent as little as one-sixth of the American population—can block legislation favored by the vast majority. It verges on the obscene.
The current Senate majority is one I fear, and I dread the fulfillment of its legislative plans. The Democrats will use the filibuster to slow the parade of hideous Koch-inspired bills that will pour into the Senate from the House. I don’t want those bills passed. But if the filibuster disappeared tomorrow, I would not mourn, because I hate the filibuster more than I fear McConnell. The filibuster was always a conservative tool; progressives eventually would find reasons to celebrate its demise.
I remember as if it were yesterday those spring months when 18 old white racists in white suits stood in the doorway through which the South, white and black, needed to pass to attain full membership in the American family. Over and over they proclaimed, in the immortal words of George Wallace, “Segregation now, segregation tomorrow, segregation forever!”
Then we, the people, shut their mouths. It was a great day.
If you support the filibuster, then bless your heart.
But I remember 1964.



ARTICLE
Throughout the day on Wednesday, the list—and presumably, Bill O’Reilly’s headache—kept growing. Twenty-four companies announced they were pulling their advertisements from his wildly popular, if hyper-partisan, O’Reilly Factor, in the wake of sexual-harassment allegations (and related settlements) against its host, revealed this weekend by The New York Times.
By mid-afternoon, the count had risen to 41.
The group of advertisers included established, national brands ranging from Mercedes-Benz and BMW to Glaxo-Smith Kline and H&R Block. As CNN pointed out, Fox could still count on a selection of “bottom feeder” ads for the hour—gold companies and direct-response marketers—but the dollars from big American brands were being pushed over to other, less fraught programs.
Perhaps the only bright spot for O’Reilly occurred when the president himself defended the host in an interview with the Times:

I think he’s a person I know well—he is a good person. I think he shouldn’t have settled; personally I think he shouldn’t have settled …Because you should have taken it all the way. I don’t think Bill did anything wrong.

The growing list of uneasy advertisers has been the result of activism on the part of several national and grassroots progressive groups, among them the National Organization for Women and Color of Change—both of which have called for O’Reilly’s ouster. (Terry O’Neill, the president of NOW, remained nonplussed by President Trump’s defense of O’Reilly, recalling the commander in chief’s own problems last year: “I think that a man who brags about sexual assault is not helping Bill O’Reilly,” she told me.)
NOW released a strongly worded statement in the wake of the Times report, condemning O’Reilly for “a pattern of predatory, misogynistic behavior” and excoriating the “larger culture that condones the harassment and objectification of women at Fox News,” while Color of Change focused on the advertisers themselves.
Rashad Robinson, that group’s executive director, argued that corporations could be convinced to take a stand against someone like O’Reilly. “All of our campaigns reach out behind the scenes,” he said, “to the CEO’s office, the diversity office, to corporate communications. We explain our position, we ask for a conversation, and make clear what our demand is … We work inside the corporation, figuring out who is our ally.”
I asked him how hard it was to convince skeptical advertisers that it was in their best interest to distance themselves from someone like O’Reilly, who remains extremely popular, if largely among a certain slice of the electorate.
“You need to create a narrative for corporations—that they can’t have their brands next to Bill O’Reilly,” he told me.
Perhaps, in this case, the narrative—alleged serial sexual harasser—was evident enough. But if not, different pressure could always be applied. “Our goal is to help any corporation that decides to be next to this dangerous predator to be as visible as possible,” Robinson said.
The present O’Reilly campaign resembles efforts like #GrabYourWallet—a consumer-driven movement that aimed to convince large retailers like Nordstrom to discontinue carrying Ivanka Trump’s line of clothing as a form of resistance against the Trump administration. (Nordstrom insisted its decision to drop the line was due to weak sales.)
Shannon Coulter, the co-founder of that campaign, said that the effort to target O’Reilly’s advertisers signaled that “we are at a cultural crossroads—attention is heightened, from the October release of the Trump tapes through the Women’s March. This is all happening in the broader context of disrespect coming out of the White House and coming out of our culture.”
Consumers, she said, “are willing to be more proactive about changing this.”
But can progressively minded activists actually upend a conservative media juggernaut? O’Reilly in particular poses a tricky problem. To begin with, The O’Reilly Factor pulled in an estimated $446 million in ad revenue from 2014 through 2016. While advertisers may be cool to the host in the heat of this present battle, it’s a lingering question as to whether they can be convinced to stay away from O’Reilly in the medium- and long-term. Without sustained pressure, the effort to pressure Fox to do something about its thus far hugely lucrative hour of programming may fall short.
“We have to make it not worth it,” Robinson said, explaining that his group intended to activate its membership base of 1.2 million people to monitor the airwaves and see which advertisers return the Factor fold. “We are going have to be engaged in the long run. We are going to have to track and leverage our member volunteers—to tape the show, to TiVo it.”
But when it comes to Fox, there is still a more difficult and unique revenue question: Cable providers like Comcast and Time Warner pay stations like Fox what’s known as a “carrier fee” for the privilege of broadcasting their content to subscribers. Given Fox’s huge audience, and O’Reilly’s in particular, Fox can charge the cable providers top dollar, using the argument that its sizable audience is indispensable to any cable provider. This is where O’Reilly makes the biggest difference to Fox’s bottom line—and that reality makes outside consumer activism fairly complex.
I asked Robinson whether his group intends to pressure the cable providers to, in turn, pressure Fox. “Not yet,” he said. “Those are utility companies—and they often don’t have a lot of competition. To get people to go after cable companies that already keep them on hold when they call? They can’t get them to do anything even when they’re already paying customers.”
Robinson is convinced that current pressure on advertisers will suffice. “Fox doesn’t want to lose any money,” he said. “The more we can make them in need terms of resources, the more we can damage their brand and make negotiations harder—the more we do damage to affiliations and relationships.”
In other words, the bottom line is important, but so is perception. If Fox begins to think its core brand is being hurt by having O’Reilly on the air, maybe there really does exist the possibility of toppling the cable king. Which brings to bear a larger question: To what degree does the Fox brand exist independent of Bill O’Reilly—to what degree are their interests divergent?
Writing in the Hollywood Reporter, Andrew Tyndall posited:

For the moment, both the defecting advertisers and [Fox News Channel’s] advertising sales team make the distinction between a boycott of O’Reilly himself and of the channel as a whole. But it is a ridiculous notion that the audience appeal and ideological worldview of the two are separable. In the long run, the commercial logic of abandoning O’Reilly means the abandonment of FNC as well.

And indeed, in this current moment, when Fox News has become the de-facto mouthpiece for the Trump administration—with ample evidence of back and forth between the president and the channel—progressive activists are unlikely to be satisfied by focusing on O’Reilly’s troubles alone.
O’Neill offered this assessment: “I think it is possible that advertisers are going to peel away from Fox and not just Bill O’Reilly. Just go back to January 21st. That was an extraordinary outpouring of support for women’s rights as human rights. That drew millions and millions of people—men and women—to demonstrate. That kind of upwelling was not controlled by any one organization. Advertisers ignore that at their peril.”
As evidence of this, one of O’Reilly’s advertisers, the Society for Human Resource Management announced yesterday that it would discontinue its ads not just during his hour, but on the entire Fox News Network.
How many corporations will follow its lead in large part depends on how engaged and tenacious Fox detractors remain in the days and months to come. For O’Reilly and his brethren, this fundamental reality may not necessarily bode well: Progressives now have very few levers of power at their disposal. The executive, legislative and judicial branches are dominated by conservatives—and consumer activism is one of the only potent forces left for progressives to assert themselves.
As Coulter told me, “It’s a very easy lever—it allows people to say, I have some control. I have some power. It’s a function of how much choice they have as consumers. And it’s really easy to do this.”



ARTICLE
There are few parallels between Franklin Roosevelt and Donald Trump, beyond their wealthy upbringings in the Empire State. FDR’s first inaugural address famously proposed that “the only thing we have to fear is fear itself,” while Trump’s was a seminar in fear itself.
But early in both men’s presidencies, they offered insistent claims that things are getting better, even when there was little hard evidence (or little hard evidence yet) to back it up. For Roosevelt, that worked: The fake-it-till-you-make-it approach instilled real confidence in the country, which in turn instilled confidence in markets and helped foster an economic turnaround. And for Trump, there are signs that by repeatedly claiming he is doing things, he is managing to make people believe he is doing them, and to act accordingly.
Take border enforcement. No one has broken ground on the fabled wall; no huge infusions of Border Patrol officers have been deployed; Congress has appropriated no money to strengthen controls. And yet, the Associated Press reports:

The first months of the new administration have seen a huge drop in the number of people being caught by agents on the U.S.-Mexico border, raising the possibility that a "Trump effect" is keeping migrants away.

Despite Trump’s false claims during the campaign of accelerating crossings, the flow over the border was already in a years-long downward trend. And yet, as the AP notes, March’s tally of 12,500 people stopped at the border was “the lowest monthly figure in at least 17 years and the second straight month that border arrests dropped sharply.” In effect, it’s a rhetorical victory. Partly, fewer people may be crossing because Trump’s bellicose rhetoric makes them feel unwelcome, but they may also assume crossing is more challenging. After all, crossings increased somewhat between the election and inauguration.
The Trump effect is even clearer on the economy. Despite predictions of doom, the stock market has prospered since Trump entered office. The boom seems not to be correlated with any real change in fundamentals, such that the Federal Reserve expressed concern in Federal Open Market Committee minutes released Wednesday. Consumer confidence is also at its highest point since 2000. Hiring is up, too.
Why? The economy was already on a positive trajectory under President Obama, but that doesn’t explain the Trump stock boom. Nor has the new president done anything major to affect the economy. He has promised serious reductions in regulations, a large stimulus in the form of infrastructure spending, and tax reform, but none of these have happened yet. The stock market, though, seems to be pricing in the effects of some of those promises being fulfilled, despite skepticism among political observers that he can actually pull any of this, much less all of it, off. And the president keeps claiming credit for improvement—whether that’s job numbers that follow Obama-era trends, or corporate expansions that predate his election.
The economy is an interesting case where Trump may benefit from deep polarization. Democrats and other anti-Trump voters came into his administration with a more positive view of the economy, and developments since then—from employment stats to the stock market—continue to validate that. Trump voters, however, were much bleaker coming in, but turned more optimistic with their candidate in the Oval Office. As a result, Americans on average are feeling much better about their economic prospects—and may be investing in hiring, or opening their wallets at the store, in response. That may stimulate demand, leading to further gains.
Trump’s ability to bend reality to his will, at least in the short term, also manifests itself in the media sphere. For days, the White House has tried to shift the press narrative away from his aides’ alleged collusion with Russia, a matter actually under FBI investigation, to whether Obama National Security Adviser Susan Rice acted improperly in seeking names of Trump team members intelligence reports. Press Secretary Sean Spicer’s heckling didn’t do much to get reporters to cover it. But on Wednesday, when Trump called New York Times reporters into the Oval Office for an interview focused on infrastructure, he complained about the paper’s lack of attention to the story—and, when questioned, affirmed that he thought Rice had committed a crime. The paper ran a suitably measured headline—“Trump, Citing No Evidence, Suggests Susan Rice Committed Crime”—but Trump had succeeded getting the nation’s leading paper to assign new prominence to the Rice story.
A central element of each of these examples is that Trump can act alone. They don’t require him to convince any recalcitrant congressmen, spend any money, or implement any complicated overhauls. All he has to do is open his mouth or log onto Twitter. This makes for an agile, flexible strategy, but it also has the limitation that it cannot directly change underlying realities. He can only seek to improve confidence, and then hope that stimulates economic spending, or deters illegal immigration, or furthers whatever other goal.
Eventually, however, this approach is likely to exhaust its power. Unfortunately, there’s not reliable public-opinion data on Franklin Roosevelt’s early term, though he seldom dipped below 70 percent in his final term in office, which is nearly double Trump’s approval now. Something will have to give: Either Trump’s claims will turn into reality and his approval will rise with it, or his low approval ratings will weigh on his ability to instill confidence that his claims will translate to reality.
Presidents love to take credit for an economy that’s performing well, even though they have very limited influence over it. There are exceptions where policy really does matter. One common theory for the stock market’s optimism is the prospect of tax reform—yet despite the eagerness of equity traders in New York, the consensus in Washington is that tax reform is dead on arrival and getting stiffer on the cooling board by the day. Trump seems to have little understanding of this, and no clear strategy on how to resuscitate it. Perhaps the traders know policy better than the Beltway hoards, but if not, they’re going to be in for a nasty realization that could drag stocks down with it.
Regardless of what Trump does, many economists believe the nation is likely to experience a recession at some point during Trump’s term in office. If it does, the aftermath will either prove that Trump’s calming powers are real, or else it will reveal his claims of having saved the economy as nothing totally fantastic, built on nothing but bluster. In the short term, however, bluster can be a winning strategy.



ARTICLE
PHILADELPHIA—Jody, 57, checked her phone and tapped her foot as she sat in the pews of a courtroom on a recent Friday in March, waiting for the arrival of a court official who was running late to her hearing. Jody, who asked that her last name be withheld, was ready for this day to be over. “So I can get on with my life,” she explained.
The grandmother of three was convicted of welfare fraud nearly 30 years ago. She spent about a month in jail and paid a restitution fine of $1,937, which she paid off in monthly installments of $25 over the course of 17 years. Even when her dues were settled, though, the misdemeanor conviction plagued her. Most recently, Jody, who’s been a certified nursing assistant for 38 years, was rejected from a job because a prospective employer noticed her conviction in a background check. “I was furious,” she said.
Afterward, Jody sought legal help, and learned through an attorney that she would soon be eligible to have her record sealed, the legal term for restricting access to it. The process wasn’t as quick as Jody might have liked, however: After her lawyer filed an application for the sealing, and Jody paid a $132 fee, she had to wait four months for her hearing that Friday morning in court.
Soon, Pennsylvanians like Jody might not need to take so many steps to get their records sealed. A bipartisan bill that’s slated to be introduced in the state legislature would create a system for automating the process—with technology largely supplanting the extra time, money, and legal savvy that’s currently required to seal a record. Criminal-justice reformers see the legislation, dubbed the Clean Slate Act, as a potential model for other states that want to simplify their arduous processes. “The number of people who get expungements and sealings is minuscule compared to the number that are potentially eligible for it,” said Jody’s lawyer Sharon Dietrich, litigation director of Community Legal Services, a Philadelphia-based legal-aid organization.
The reform advocates, court administrators, and lawmakers who helped shape the bill essentially want to use the same technology that made background searches pervasive—the digitalization of court records—to make sealing those records simple. Background checks are a relatively recent obstacle to employment for convicted persons. Before the proliferation of the internet, it was rare—and difficult—for employers or landlords to search an applicant’s criminal history. It would require a trip to the courthouse, where a clerk would manually pull a record. As recently as the early 1990s, less than half of companies routinely ran background checks during hiring; now, nearly 90 percent do. An estimated one in three Americans has a criminal record, the same number of Americans who have a college degree.
In short, the Clean Slate Act mandates that records are automatically sealed within two months of becoming eligible and prescribes the process by which it happens. It would work like this: A court administrator at the central Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts, or AOPC, would run a monthly query of their electronic-record database to pull all the eligible records for sealing. Eligibility would depend on the severity of a person’s crime and how long it’s been since their last conviction; for a misdemeanor like Jody’s, 10 years would need to pass.
After pulling the records, the administrator would send them electronically to the Pennsylvania State Police, who would have 30 days to cross-reference them with their own comprehensive database, to make sure no conflicts arise. The Pennsylvanians whose records were approved would receive a letter in the mail saying their past convictions would no longer show up in background checks—no application needed. (State police would still have access to them, for law-enforcement purposes.)
“It would be a mind-boggling reform,” said Dietrich, who is one of Clean Slate’s architects.
The bill is expected to be introduced in the coming weeks by state Senator Scott Wagner, a Republican from south-central York County who’s running for governor in 2018. It’s not expected to face many political obstacles; over half of the Senate, Democrat and Republican, has signed on as co-sponsors. The Pennsylvania District Attorneys Association—which would typically be slow to get behind this kind of reform—doesn’t oppose the legislation. And the Pennsylvania State Police, who support it, have had a hand in crafting the bill, said Scott Price, director of the department’s Bureau of Records and Identification.
“All the stakeholders are involved in tweaking some final language,” he said. “It seems to me like we’re fairly well along.”
The bill was initially supposed to be introduced on March 22. Price couldn’t disclose the exact issue currently stalling its introduction, but its supporters have been working to guarantee that AOPC’s electronic records can be easily and quickly checked against those of state police. The two agencies use different record systems, so cross-referencing AOPC’s list is not as simple as it may seem. “The data in one doesn’t translate well to the other,” Price said. And a mechanism like this, Price said, “is only as good as its data.”  
Technological problems have held up Clean Slate before. Last year, the state Senate Appropriations Committee halted the first iteration of the bill because of a data issue. In addition to accounting for misdemeanors, the original bill would have applied to summary records involving very minor crimes—such as disorderly conduct or loitering—that do not require the arrestee to be fingerprinted. But fingerprints—or more specifically, the state identification number that’s attached to them—are the only way to connect a record to an individual in an automated query on the state police department’s system, explained AOPC spokesman James Koval. Because they can’t rely on identification numbers to pull records for these offenders, administrators at the state police department would need to manually run each record sent over by AOPC.
The current version of the bill doesn’t bother to reckon with this obstacle. Its writers avoided it by applying Clean Slate only to those with misdemeanors and non-convictions, not lower-level crimes that will still require the standard application process. Amending the legislation to apply to more minor offenses doesn’t yet appear to be in the works.  
Clean Slate is one in a wave of similar reforms around the country: Since 2013, 40 states and Washington, D.C., have enacted or expanded legislation that mitigates the effects of a criminal record. They include measures like record-sealing; providing certificates of rehabilitation, which tell employers that applicants have proven themselves by spending a certain number of years crime-free; and “ban the box” policies, which restrict employers from asking about applicants’ criminal histories until the last stage of the hiring process.
Bipartisan appetite for reform has grown in recent years, particularly when it comes to measures that save government money. Indeed, Pennsylvania Republicans were attracted to Clean Slate’s potential to shrink state spending. The Heritage Foundation, a leading conservative think tank, recently published a report condemning the restrictions placed on formerly incarcerated citizens—“perhaps the most ubiquitous and pernicious” of which are “on their ability to earn a livelihood.”
In some ways, Pennsylvania is an unexpected state to initiate such a reform. For one, until last November, misdemeanors weren’t eligible for sealing here, only summary records and non-convictions. On this front, the state is just catching up with national trends: Nearly every state has a mechanism to limit access to misdemeanor records, and a growing number are also including minor felonies.
And while Pennsylvania is led by Democrat Tom Wolf, who is among the country’s most progressive governors, criminal-justice reform has generally been slow in this swing state. One key factor is the size and nature of its government: With 253 full-time members, Pennsylvania’s quarrelsome state legislature is the largest in the country, and it is dominated by conservative Republicans who represent rural, red-leaning counties sandwiched between the blue strongholds of Philadelphia and Pittsburgh.
But when it comes to Clean Slate, Pennsylvania could open a new channel for reform. What already sets Pennsylvania apart—and what makes Clean Slate’s automated process technologically possible—is their centralized, electronic record-keeping system, which could serve as blueprint for other states.
Here, the court records from each of the 60 judicial districts are transmitted by an email-like system to AOPC. Bill Raftery, a senior analyst at the National Center for State Courts, called the Pennsylvania setup “rare,” because most states have siloed systems where the records from one court can’t be transmitted elsewhere. That’s a huge hurdle for those that want to implement an automatic sealing system, but a few are nevertheless exploring the possibility. Michigan, for example, is moving toward a centralized system, and expressed early interest in a Clean Slate-like mechanism for sealing records, said Jenna Moll, deputy director of the U.S. Justice Action Network, a bipartisan group lobbying for criminal-justice reforms that supported Clean Slate. But Michigan’s potential centralized system would also need the capacity to run a query as AOPC can.
Moll said other states are watching Pennsylvania to see just how Clean Slate will unfold. “If you can do this in a way that is effective automatically, you’re going to save a ton of government resources,” she said. In Philadelphia, the wait time for a record-sealing hearing in its overburdened courthouse is currently four months. Once approved, it takes up to two months for the sealing to go in effect.
Citing a recent poll from Moll’s group showing 81 percent of Pennsylvania voters support Clean Slate, Wagner told me that “people recognized that a criminal record should not be a life sentence.” He has hired people with criminal histories for his own waste-management company. “This isn’t about gambling—it’s about seeing the person for who they are today and what they can bring to your place of work,” he said.
In the Philadelphia courtroom last month, Jody’s lawyer, Dietrich, and a paralegal from the district attorney’s office went over her application while they waited for the trial commissioner, who serves a judge-like role, to arrive. If the paralegal didn’t contest her record’s sealing, then there was no reason that the trial commissioner would. Dietrich signaled to Jody, and said out loud: “You’re approved.” With a clap of her hands, Jody mouthed, “Yes!” She’d gotten affirmation that now, finally, she could get on with her life.



ARTICLE
The marriage between Donald Trump and congressional Republicans has never seemed for better or for worse.
During his presidential campaign, Trump routinely belittled House and Senate GOP leaders. In turn, more Republican elected officials formally announced they would not support their party’s nominee than in any presidential race probably since 1912, when Theodore Roosevelt bolted the party to challenge GOP President William Howard Taft.
Immediately after Trump’s victory, both sides tried to bury that awkward history. But the chaotic failure of House Republicans to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, amid parallel defections from their caucus’s right and center, spotlighted how little priority either faction placed on helping Trump avoid a humiliating legislative defeat. And with Republican divisions threatening more setbacks on spending and taxes, an old phrase from the 1990s is inspiring an urgent new question in Washington: Will Trump triangulate?
Triangulation refers to the strategy Bill Clinton used to revive his presidency after the backlash against his own chaotic first two years in office let Republicans seize the House and Senate in 1994. Guided by Dick Morris, a mercurial political strategist, Clinton positioned himself as the apex of a triangle between congressional Democrats and Republicans.
From that vantage point, Clinton fought with Republicans over their budget proposals and with Democrats over his pledge to restructure welfare. But he ultimately brought together the two sides for agreements on both issues that attracted broad bipartisan support among voters and legislators alike. Nimble and nuanced, Clinton simultaneously energized Democratic partisans and restored his reputation with independents as a fresh-thinking centrist. Two years after his midterm rejection, he cruised to reelection.
Even if House Republicans succeed in their ongoing efforts to resuscitate their failed health-care legislation, the growing fear among GOP legislators is that Trump will cut them loose in a similar strategy. “That’s a very possible, if not likely, outcome,” said Representative Tom Cole, a savvy Republican from Oklahoma who formerly served as the Republican National Committee’s chief of staff. “If the political configuration in Congress can’t deliver [results], why wouldn’t he try something else?”
It’s easy to see why Triangulation 2.0 would tempt the beleaguered Trump, whose belligerent economic nationalism echoes traditional Republican thinking on some fronts, but renounces it on others, such as increasing spending on infrastructure and retirement programs. But he faces policy and political hurdles to adapting Clinton’s approach—not to mention temperamental challenges.
The policy problem is that building bipartisan coalitions requires more than inviting legislators to play golf or watch movies at the White House: It demands substantive concessions that inevitably provoke resistance within a president’s own party. The foundation of Clinton’s bipartisan breakthroughs was his agreement with Republicans that it was worthwhile to balance the federal budget and reform welfare at all. That required Clinton to stare down many liberals, including in his own administration.
Today, in a relevant parallel, even many Democrats would agree the exchanges that sell private insurance under the ACA need repair amid rising premiums and diminishing choice. But Trump has no chance of engaging Democrats over the exchanges unless he first dislodges House Republicans from their plan to deny up to 14 million people health coverage through unprecedented cutbacks in the public Medicaid program. Almost certainly, no Democrat in either chamber could back a bill with those reductions.
On tax reform—the next big fight—Democrats say that seriously involving them would require legislation that boosts middle-income families and simplifies the code, but doesn’t add to the federal deficit, disproportionately benefit the top earners, or impose a new tax on imports (as House Republicans are pushing). Democrats also want to apply part of the tax revenue from a repatriation of corporate profits parked overseas to fund domestic infrastructure investment.
At various points, Trump and some congressional Republicans have embraced each of those principles. But the draft plan House Republicans have developed embodies none of them. Instead it prioritizes sweeping cuts in corporate and personal tax rates. One nonpartisan estimate projected it would increase federal deficits by $3 trillion over the next decade while providing three-fourths of its tax cuts to the top 1 percent. That’s legislation, like the House health-care bill, aimed solely at Republican preferences. “If they repeat what happened on health care, it will be another debacle,” Ron Wyden, the top Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, told me.
Complicating the policy puzzle for Trump is the political challenge. Trump has provoked so much hostility from Democratic voters that the party’s elected officials must hesitate to work with him even if they agree with his ideas. In late March polling from Gallup, fewer than one in 12 Democrats said they approved of Trump’s job performance. No previous president in Gallup polling had attracted positive job approval from less than one-fourth—and usually at least one-third—of the other party’s voters at this early point. Few Democratic office-holders can ignore that sentiment. One straw in that gale-force wind is that even seven of the 10 Democratic senators facing 2018 races in states Trump won are supporting the filibuster of Neil Gorsuch’s Supreme Court nomination.
As Cole perceptively noted, that systemic opposition from Democrats may be the strongest force binding Trump to congressional Republicans. “What may anchor him [to us] is more negative than positive,” Cole said. But it’s also easy to imagine Trump cutting anchor from both sides. While Clinton employed triangulation to eventually reach bipartisan legislative agreements, Trump hasn’t displayed anything approaching the patience, mastery, or dexterity required to consistently follow that path. If Trump triangulates, he’s more likely to repudiate both parties than try to reconcile them.



ARTICLE
Pamela Taylor’s home in Brownsville, Texas, sits in between the Rio Grande and the current border fence. Taylor, 88, voted for Donald Trump. But now, she faces the possibility that the man she voted for could take her land through eminent domain.
“As far as we’re concerned, the fence is not going to work. This fence is not working,” she said. “When you’re not here and you don’t know the area and then you say something, it’s best to get your ducks in a row.” If the administration were to present her a condemnation notice, she told me she would “definitely” take it to court.
Taylor is one of many landowners along the Texas-Mexico border who are preparing for a legal fight to keep their property. In 2006, President George W. Bush signed the Secure Fence Act, authorizing the construction of 700 miles of fencing along the U.S.-Mexico border. The administration focused on states where most of the land belonged to the government. But in some areas, the government needed to acquire private property in order to build on it. Some landowners, unhappy with imposing barriers, protested. As Trump attempts to jumpstart the process of sealing the southern border, he will face similar resistance.
In January, Trump signed an executive order calling for the construction of a wall—a project estimated to cost as much as $21.6 billion, according to the Department of Homeland Security. Building a physical barrier along the border is a tall order: it stretches roughly 2,000 miles, and the topography in some areas can also pose a challenge. The territory that Trump intends to cover also includes private property—a factor that doesn’t appear to have gone unnoticed by the administration.
In his budget blueprint, Trump requested funding for 20 additional Justice Department lawyers “to pursue federal efforts to obtain the land and holdings necessary to secure the Southwest border.” This sets up the use of eminent domain, which allows the government to acquire privately owned land if it’s for public use. It also, however, puts the president at odds with his own party, which has long argued that the use of eminent domain is an example of big government overreach.
During the presidential campaign, Trump hailed eminent domain as “necessary” for the country. The note of praise was not unusual for Trump, who has taken advantage of eminent domain as a businessman, but it sidestepped the Republican Party’s position on the matter.
In 2005, the U.S. Supreme Court expanded the “public use” component in the Fifth Amendment’s Takings Clause—citizens cannot “be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation”—allowing a local government to seize property from private landowners and turn it over to a private developer. Trump has defended the ruling.
Republicans, however, have tried to override the decision in recent years. In 2013, Representative Jim Sensenbrenner of Wisconsin introduced the Private Property Rights Protection Act. It prohibits state and local governments from using eminent domain “to transfer private property to other private parties for the purpose of economic development,” or otherwise be temporarily stripped of their federal funds. It also prohibits the federal government from doing so. The bill passed the House, but stalled in the Senate Judiciary Committee. Sensenbrenner has since reintroduced the bill.
“The freedom to own and protect one’s private property is foundational to our country. Congress must fight to protect the private property rights of Americans and reform the use and abuse of eminent domain,” Sensenbrenner said in a statement last month.
Now, with Trump in the White House, Republicans are faced with a conundrum as the president signals his intent to use eminent domain to construct his proposed border wall.
“I’ve said since 2013 that building a wall from sea to shining sea is the most expensive and least effective way to secure the border. Of particular concern, is that we’ve seen no estimates to date that include the total costs of land acquisition (as would be required through eminent domain) or of subsequent legal battles with landowners,” Representative Will Hurd, who represents over 820 miles of the U.S.-Mexico border, said in an emailed statement.
“If they’re building a wall in Texas, it means they are building on private land, which means it’s harder, a lot harder,” Representative John Carter of Texas told My Statesman. Carter has been in contact with White House officials over the challenges likely to arise from building a wall on the border.
Other Texas lawmakers also appear to share concerns about the erection of a wall. A delegation-wide survey conducted by The Texas Tribune last December found that some Texas Republicans in Congress support building a wall, though they “declined to clarify whether it should be a contiguous construction from San Diego to Brownsville.” Constituents of some of these Republican lawmakers would be at risk of having their land seized, potentially causing a backlash within their districts.
Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton told The Dallas Morning News that he’d be OK with the Trump administration using eminent domain to construct the border wall so long as people are “paid fairly.” Paxton, a Republican, noted that eminent domain has been used regularly for infrastructure projects. “In my mind, this is a very similar purpose,” he said. “It’s a public purpose providing safety to people not only along the border, but to the entire nation.”
Democrats also have concerns about the government purchasing private property to build a wall. “Private property rights and allowing big government to take this land that sometimes [residents have] owned for generations is something that we take very seriously here in Texas,” said Representative Henry Cuellar of Texas, who represents a district that lines the border.
The Texas Civil Rights Project, a legal advocacy group, has already begun preparing for eminent-domain cases. The group has experience to draw from—they represented some landowners in 2007 and 2008, said Efrén Olivares, the racial and economic justice director at the Texas Civil Rights Project. In all of the cases, landowners received more money than the government had initially proposed. But contrary to the Bush administration, Trump wants to seal the entire border, therefore putting more landowners at risk of receiving so-called condemnation notices.
“We have started contacting some landowners who are along the border whose land was partially taken or attempted to be taken back in ’07 and ’08,” Olivares said, adding that they plan to contact—and represent—as many landowners as possible.
Landowners are notified of the government’s intent to acquire their property in a condemnation notice. Landowners then have the right to request a jury trial, Olivares said. “The question for a jury is what constitutes just compensation.” He added: “You can also contest the taking itself but that is a difficult argument. In these border cases, the government surely will argue that they need to take the land for national security purposes so that’s a difficult argument to counter.” The cases are time consuming. There are still about 90 condemnation cases open from the last time the government tried to seize land, according to the Justice Department.
Government attempts to seize property are a particularly sensitive issue for residents who have owned their land for decades—a common case in the state of Texas.
“Property rights are important to all Americans—especially Texans—and most of the property along our border has been privately held for generation,” Hurd said in an email. “Many Texans I speak to think there are better ways to achieve border security without taking their lands, so you can expect a lengthy and expensive fight from these folks.” The government has not issued any new condemnation notices related to Trump’s proposed border wall, according to the Justice Department.
There’s much to be done before a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border is a done deal. Congress, after all, still needs to approve the funds. But even if it does, there’s a lot of Texan conservatives who will be standing in their way.




ARTICLE
Republicans in Congress couldn’t make Barack Obama a one-term president. And they’ve failed to repeal his signature domestic legacy.
Yet the GOP is succeeding in a more discreet project: In vote after vote this year, they are steadily erasing the final year of Obama’s presidency.
The clearest result of that operation will come on Friday, when the Senate plans to confirm President Trump’s nominee to the Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch, more than a year after Republicans refused to consider Merrick Garland, Obama’s pick for the same seat. As Democrats argued at the time, the blockade (which later extended to lower-court nominees as well) had the effect of denying Obama the ability to shape the federal judiciary for the full eight years of his two terms in office.
Since January, the congressional GOP has moved to overturn other aspects of Obama’s presidency retroactively, by tossing aside major regulations his administration finalized during the final months of his tenure. Republican majorities have passed, and Trump has signed, 11 resolutions of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act, a 1996 law granting the legislature expedited power to throw out recent rules written by the executive branch.
Gone are regulations protecting streams from industrial waste, a rule prohibiting the sale of certain consumer internet data, a ban on states requiring drug testing for unemployment benefits, a requirement that companies report certain workplace injuries and illnesses, a measure tightening background checks for gun buyers, and a half dozen other regulations. The House and Senate hope to eliminate several other Obama-era rules in the next month before their window for action under the CRA closes in early May.
Along with the Gorsuch confirmation, the deregulatory blitz is likely to be the only legislative victory of Trump’s first 100 days in office, and GOP leaders have hailed the CRA bills as a promise kept. “After years of talk about cutting red tape, it is now actually happening,” House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Tuesday. “We are reversing the Obama administration’s most recent and last regulatory onslaught. And, more fundamentally, we are returning power from unelected bureaucrats in Washington to the states and the people that we represent.”
But the scope of the Republican achievement is necessarily limited: None of these regulations were on the books even a year ago, and some of them had yet to take effect at all. And while GOP leaders have made a more aggressive use of the Congressional Review Act than some experts predicted after the November election, the vast majority of the Obama administration’s regulatory architecture will survive well into Trump’s term. The dozen or so rule reversals the House and Senate have passed so far represent less than 2 percent of the 689 major regulations finalized while Obama was president, according to a tally kept by the right-leaning American Action Forum.
Unwinding a presidency, as Republicans are finding, is simply a lot harder than political rhetoric makes it seem. Along with just about every other GOP candidate last year, Trump promised to roll back Obama’s policies immediately upon taking office. Republican opposition to many of his priorities had forced Obama to go around Congress and take action unilaterally in many areas, particularly to combat climate change and tighten labor protections. For his critics, the upshot was that a new Republican president could sign away the policies Obama had implemented on his own. And true to his word, Trump has signed an array of executive orders targeting his predecessor’s record on immigration, the environment, and law enforcement.
But Trump cannot take a weed-whacker to the federal bureaucracy in one swing. Under federal law, major regulations generally must go out the way they came in—through a lengthy, painstaking process that can take years and be subject to litigation. “The accepted law and custom is that it cannot just be unceremoniously reversed because the next administration doesn’t like it,” said Philip Wallach, a senior fellow in governance studies at the Brookings Institution. “They will have to have go through an equivalent rule-making process with notice and comment procedures in order to repeal the old rules.”
The Clean Power Plan is a prime example. The Obama administration’s signature climate policy took six years to write and finalize, and Trump signed an executive order last week to roll it back. As a whole, the directive fundamentally reorients the federal government’s approach to tackling climate change over time, at a minimum delaying actions that environmental scientists believe are urgently needed.
But while headlines suggested the new president had wiped out a complex regime of energy and environmental rules with the stroke of a pen, the reality is his order only initiated a series of steps that could extend beyond his term. The practical impact is further limited by the fact that the implementation of Clean Power Plan itself has been suspended by a court ruling for the last year. “Technically, the Clean Power Plan outlasted an entire term of an administration,” said Sam Batkins, director of regulatory policy at the American Action Forum. “I imagine repeal of it will probably take an entire term of President Trump, when you consider there will definitely be a legal challenge to the repeal.”
For congressional Republicans and the Trump administration, the only way to quickly cut red tape without running into another thicket of red tape is through the Congressional Review Act. Though it had previously been used successfully just once before, under President George W. Bush in 2001, the law is ideally designed for reversing the final actions of an outgoing administration. With a simple majority vote, Congress can wipe out any rule finalized in the previous 60 legislative days, and as a bonus, the act prohibits future presidents from re-instating a substantially similar regulation without approval from lawmakers. Because the House and Senate are in session so rarely during the final months before an election, the window for CRA bills goes back to the middle of 2016. GOP officials have determined that it will close as soon as the end of April for some regulations and early May for a couple of others.
With other parts of its agenda flagging, the White House has embraced the CRA legislation as a centerpiece of Trump’s first 100 days. Marc Short, the president’s director of legislative affairs, told reporters that 11 bills Trump has signed reversing Obama-era regulations would boost the economy by $10 billion. “This is a huge accomplishment in the first quarter,” he said, later lamenting that the regulatory action has gotten short shrift in the media. “There is a concern that this is an important story that is not being told.”
Yet the GOP’s decision about which rules to target—and which it has left alone—has puzzled regulatory experts. According to Batkins, the Obama administration finalized 88 regulations in its last 60 legislative days that could be vulnerable to reversal by Congress. Republicans have gone after 15 so far and sent 13 to Trump’s desk for his signature. (He has signed 11, but is expected to approve two others.)
But while the president has touted the regulatory-reform agenda as an economic issue, several of the CRA bills target rules that have little or no economic impact. They include the repeal of the FCC’s rules protecting Internet privacy and a bill allowing states to once again block funds from going to Planned Parenthood. The estimated cost of the Planned Parenthood regulation, Batkins said, was just $24,000. “Not every one of these,” Short acknowledged, “is necessarily a job-creator.”
Republicans also scrapped educational accountability standards established under the 2015 Every Student Succeeds Act, a law the GOP had hailed as one of the few significant bipartisan accords of Obama’s second term. Lawmakers said the regulation went far beyond their intent when they passed the bill, but it’s not clear what the Trump administration will try to put in its place. “That sort of leaves education policy in a big mystery,” Wallach said.
Though Congress has reversed major environmental regulations issued by the Department of the Interior, Republicans haven’t touched a few costly rules finalized last year by the EPA, which is usually a top conservative target. The most expensive regulation eligible for reversal under the CRA identified by Batkins is on greenhouse gas emissions of commercial trucks and buses.  Yet neither the House nor the Senate has acted to overturn it.
The biggest challenge for Republicans is finding floor time in the Senate, where Democrat used procedural maneuvers to drag out the confirmation of Trump’s Cabinet for weeks after his inauguration. And just like any piece of legislation, they also need the votes. The party has just a 52-48 majority in the Senate, and with Democrats opposing many of the resolutions en masse, Republicans have struggled to get all of their members on board for a few of them. Vice President Mike Pence had to break a tie to pass the CRA bill targeting Planned Parenthood.
Republican congressional aides said the party prioritized axing regulations that were the most “egregious,” but input from industries has also played a role in the decisions. Businesses may have opposed regulations when the Obama administration initially proposed them, but if they spent millions of dollars in compliance costs, they might not want to spend even more to go back to the way they were operating before, nor would they want Congress to suddenly make it easier for a new competitor to start up. That’s especially true in the energy sector.
“If a plant switches from coal to natural gas, which many of the plants were able to do, they’re not just suddenly going to switch back to coal, especially because of the market dynamics right now with natural gas,” Batkins said.
Trump and Republicans in Congress have other ways to undermine Obama’s regulatory scheme in the short term once the window closes for the Congressional Review Act, but none are as clean or as simple. Lawmakers could try to withhold funding for the implementation of certain policies that remain in effect, although they would need Democratic support in the Senate to be successful. And the Trump administration ultimately will decide how aggressively to enforce regulations it disagrees with before they are formally repealed.
It’s unclear whether the government could get away with a lack of enforcement altogether, since that, too, could spur lawsuits from liberal advocacy organizations. “The rules are still on the books, but thats not the same thing as saying they are enforced energetically,” Wallach said. “It’s still hard to make the executive branch prosecute people if it doesn’t want to. It has a lot of discretion on that.”
For Trump, the upcoming 100-day mark of his presidency will show, at best, a mixed legislative record. He will, in all likelihood, see his own legacy cemented with the confirmation of a justice to the Supreme Court. And he will have signed more than a dozen pieces of substantive legislation, which would otherwise signal a productive period for Congress. But nearly all of those bills look backward, not ahead, and they serve only to lighten the imprint left on the nation by the president who preceded him—rather than to deepen his own.



ARTICLE
During a joint news conference with King Abdullah of Jordan, President Trump said the recent chemical attack in Syria “crossed many lines” and that his attitude toward Syria and President Bashar al-Assad “has changed very much,” but didn’t specify how the U.S. would respond. In an interview with The New York Times, Trump suggested, without citing evidence, that former National Security Advisor Susan Rice may have committed a crime by requesting the identities of Trump associates who were swept up in U.S. surveillance. Trump also defended Fox News host Bill O’Reilly from accusations of sexual harassment, saying “I don’t think Bill did anything wrong.” Trump removed White House chief strategist Steve Bannon from the National Security Council, signaling the growing influence of the president's new national-security adviser, H.R. McMaster. U.S. officials said North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile that landed in the Sea of Japan, a day before Trump’s meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Ivanka’s Self-Defense: In an interview with CBS, the first daughter addressed accusations that she is “complicit” with President Trump, and defended her choice not to speak out publicly on certain issues.
Keep Tax Reform Simple: Republicans should support a tax plan that cuts the corporate income tax rate and includes billions in infrastructure spending, argues Fred Barnes. As for the rest of tax reform? “The rich can wait.” (The Weekly Standard)
What Comes Next?: The United States has lost over two-thirds of its coal jobs since the 1980s. As a result, much of coal country voted for Donald Trump—fueled by his promises to put miners back to work. Many of them are now having doubts about the return of the coal industry, and are looking instead to “jobs of the future.” (Heather Long, CNN)
The Result of ‘Right-Wing Grift’: The conservative movement has spent years “building up an entire sector of the economy dedicated to scaring and lying to older white men,” writes Fusion’s Alex Pareene, but in doing so, they elected “a confused old man who believes what the TV tells him.”
A Fight for Credibility: Since Steve Bannon’s departure from Breitbart, the right-wing publication has worked to establish itself as a mainstream publication. But “there’s no hierarchy, there’s no office, there’s no honest brokers,” said one former employee. “It’s just controlled chaos.” (Tina Nguyen, Vanity Fair)
 
Downward Turn: Donald Trump’s job approval is the lowest of any commander in chief since Gallup began tracking a president’s first few months in office in 1953. View these charts to see how close his rating comes to those of his predecessors. (Karen Yourish and Paul Murray, The New York Times)
After the election, Donald Trump pledged to donate his annual presidential salary to charity. On Monday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer announced that Trump chose to give away his first-quarter salary of $78,333 to the National Park Service to be spent on the upkeep of America’s historic battlefields. Spicer said the president was presented with a number of options before coming to his decision. If you could suggest one option for potential future donations, what would it be—and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
A former Breitbart News writer is launching a radio show for Russian propaganda network Sputnik.
“I’m on the Russian payroll now, when you work at Sputnik you’re being paid by the Russians,” former Breitbart investigative reporter Lee Stranahan told me. “That’s what it is. I don’t have any qualms about it. Nothing about it really affects my position on stuff that I’ve had for years now.”
Stranahan’s new position is the latest twist in the increasingly atomized world of niche right-wing media, which has seen an increase in prominence and influence during the Trump era. It also reflects a realignment on the right towards Russia as the administration, led by an unusually Russia-receptive president, becomes increasingly entangled in a drip-drip of stories about Russian influence.
Stranahan, who quit Breitbart in protest last month claiming that the site’s Washington editor was preventing him from covering the White House, told me he is launching a Crossfire-style liberal vs. conservative show called Fault Lines With Nixon and Stranahan with liberal pundit Garland Nixon. It will be carried by Sputnik online as well as on an HD radio station.
Stranahan says he is not bothered by the idea of working for a Russian government outlet, and rejects the narrative that Trump is too close to Russia.
“I think the whole narrative trying to tie Trump to Russia is a huge problem,” Stranahan said, calling it “bogus.”
Stranahan said he is considering offers from two different companies to cover the White House in addition to the Sputnik gig. The show begins airing next week.
“There’s no restrictions on what I can say, what I can do, anything like that,” Stranahan said. “I’m not easily controllable.”
The site he left, Breitbart News, has begun to change its image during the early days of the Trump administration, hiring reporters from the mainstream media. It was a key pro-Trump voice during the election. Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon was previously the company’s chairman.
The FBI’s investigation into Russian influence on the election reportedly includes an examination of whether Breitbart, Infowars, and other sites like Sputnik played a role in Russian bot attacks.
"Rather than be coy about it, 'yeah I'm on the Russian payroll,'" Stranahan told followers on Periscope later on Wednesday. "That affects me in no way."



ARTICLE
When a U.S. citizen returns home from abroad, the federal government asserts a hugely intrusive prerogative: the option to search not only their person and luggage, but the entire contents of their mobile phone, tablet, or laptop––sans a warrant, probable cause, or reasonable suspicion––as if the Fourth Amendment is null at the border.
Two U.S. Senators, Republican Rand Paul and Democrat Ron Wyden, are outraged by those intrusions, and hope to end them with a new bill they’ve put forward. In the House, Blake Farenthold of Texas and Jared Polis of Colorado are their analogs.
The strangeness of the status quo is easiest to understand if one first reflects on what the Fourth Amendment demands of cell phone searches conducted anywhere but a point of entry. Chief Justice John Roberts published the controlling opinion on that matter after hearing the case of David Riley at the Supreme Court. Riley was stopped for driving with expired tags in the state of California. A police officer quickly learned that he was driving on a suspended license. While taking an inventory of the car prior to having it towed to an impound lot, two loaded handguns were found hidden under the hood. Other items in the car suggested that the motorist was associated with the Bloods street gang.
In the course of arresting Riley, police officers confiscated and searched his cell phone. On it they found evidence suggesting his involvement in a drive-by shooting.
Mr. Riley was charged with attempted murder.
Despite all that, the Supreme Court ruled that the police violated Riley’s Fourth Amendment rights by searching the cell phone in his pocket upon his arrest. Evidence of attempted murder was excluded for lack of a proper search warrant.
Why was a warrant needed, given that police officers are perfectly entitled to examine most physical objects that are found on an individual being lawfully arrested?
Roberts reasoned that unlike most physical objects, the digital contents of a cell phone neither threaten the physical safety of police nor risk aiding arrestees in an escape nor threaten the preservation of evidence. The state has a much lesser interest in conducting an immediate search. And when balancing state interests against the individual’s interest in privacy, cell phones are different in that they “place vast quantities of personal information literally in the hands of individuals.”
Roberts spent a lot of time emphasizing that final point.
“Before cell  phones, a search of a person was limited by physical realities and tended as a general matter to constitute only a  narrow  intrusion  on  privacy. Most people cannot lug around every piece of mail they have received for the past several months,  every  picture  they  have  taken,  or  every  book  or article they have read—nor would they have any reason to attempt to do so,” Roberts explained. “Now the person who is not carrying a cell phone,  with all it contains,  is the exception.”
He acknowledged his ruling would impose a burden on police:

We  cannot deny that our decision today will have  an  impact on the ability of law enforcement to combat crime. Cell  phones have become  important tools in facilitating coordination and communication among members of criminal  enterprises, and can  provide valuable  incriminating  information about dangerous criminals.  

But he reasoned that even a person’s home, where Americans traditionally enjoyed the highest degree of Fourth Amendment protection, might contain but a fraction of the private details a cell phone would––and that protecting privacy has costs.
“Cell phones are not just another convenience,” Roberts wrote. “With all  they contain and all they may reveal, they hold for many Americans  ‘the  privacies of life.’ That  technology now allows an individual to carry such information in his hand does not make the information any less worthy of  the protection for which the Founders fought. Our answer to the question of what police must do before searching a cell phone seized incident to an arrest is accordingly simple— get a warrant.”
Ever since, a warrant has been required to search the cell phones of people who are being arrested, even for the most serious crimes. And that standard raises a question:
If a constitutional balancing of state interests and individual privacy requires police officers to obtain a warrant to search a cell phone to meet Fourth Amendment muster, even when the device belongs to a criminal who has just perpetrated a heinous crime, what kind of sense does it make to simultaneously allow the government to conduct warrantless searches on the electronic devices of innocent American travelers, at the whim of a bureaucrat, merely for coming home?
That’s precisely what the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals allowed in the 2008 case  United States v. Arnold. The case concerned Michael Arnold, a 43-year-old American citizen who flew from the Philippines to Los Angeles, where he proceeded to customs.
Officer Laura Peng asked him to turn on his laptop computer to see if it was working. Its desktop displayed numerous icons, including one entitled “Kodak Pictures” and another entitled “Kodak Memories.” Agents clicked on the Kodak folders, opened the image files, and viewed the photos, “including one that depicted two nude women.” Supervisors were called, and an ensuing search of the computer unearthed “numerous images depicting what they believed to be child pornography.”
At trial, the defendant tried to suppress those files. As the appeals court later summarized:

Arnold argues that the district court was correct in concluding that reasonable suspicion was required to search his laptop at the border because it is distinguishable from other containers of documents based on its ability to store greater amounts of information and its unique role in modern life. Arnold argues that “laptop computers are fundamentally different from traditional closed containers,” and analogizes them to “homes” and the “human mind.” Arnold’s analogy of a laptop to a home is based on his conclusion that a laptop’s capacity allows for the storage of personal documents in an amount equivalent to that stored in one’s home. He argues that a laptop is like the “human mind” because of its ability to record ideas, e-mail, internet chats and web-surfing habits.

Arnold’s arguments sound a lot like what Roberts would endorse a half-dozen years later. But the Ninth Circuit judges rejected Arnold’s argument, reasoning in part that “Arnold has failed to distinguish how the search of his laptop and its electronic contents is logically any different from the suspicionless border searches of travelers’ luggage that the Supreme Court and we have allowed,” and that “Arnold’s analogy to a search of a home based on a laptop’s storage capacity is without merit.” What’s more, the court ruled that “case law does not support a finding that a search which occurs in an otherwise ordinary manner, is ‘particularly offensive’ simply due to the storage capacity of the object being searched.” (If the content of our brains could be scanned would customs officials be entitled to search and store an unabridged copy and call it “otherwise ordinary”?)
Given Robert’s opinion in the Riley case and Justice Sonia Sotomayor’s “mosaic theory,” which judges the intrusiveness of a search by looking at the totality of information that can be pieced together through the relevant technology, appeals court precedents on device searches at borders seem ripe for reversal.
Senators Paul and Wyden are moving to safeguard Fourth Amendment rights without waiting for the high court (or risking a ruling in the other direction).
“The privacy interest of United States persons in the digital contents of their electronic equipment, the digital contents of their online accounts, and the nature of their online presence differs in both degree and kind from their privacy interest in closed containers,” their bill asserts. “Accessing the digital contents of electronic equipment, accessing the digital contents of an online account, or obtaining information regarding the nature of the online presence of a United States person entering or exiting the United States, without a lawful warrant based on probable cause, is unreasonable under the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution.”
Reuters reports that “the bill would also bar officials from delaying or denying entry into the United States if a person refused to share passwords, personal information numbers, social media or online account information or access credentials.” Imagine having to share access to every email you’ve ever written, or the password to your online banking app, or sensitive trade secrets, to reenter your country!
As Roberts once put it:

Although the data stored on a cell phone is distinguished from physical records by quantity alone, certain types of data are also qualitatively different. An Internet search and browsing history... could reveal an individual’s private interests or concerns—perhaps a search for certain symptoms of disease, coupled with frequent visits to WebMD. Data on a cell phone can also reveal where a person has been. Historic location information is a standard feature on many smart phones and can reconstruct someone’s specific movements down to the minute, not only around town but also within a particular building.

Mobile application software on a cell phone, or “apps,”offer a range of tools for managing detailed information about all aspects of a person’s life. There are apps for Democratic Party news and Republican Party news; apps for alcohol, drug, and gambling addictions; apps for sharing prayer requests; apps for tracking pregnancy symptoms; apps for planning your budget; apps for every conceivable hobby or pastime; apps for improving your romantic life. There are popular apps for buying or selling just about anything, and the records of such transactions may be accessible on the phone indefinitely.

To allow agents of the state to access all that on a whim, to ogle honeymoon photos, probe political beliefs, peruse texts, and more, makes a mockery of the Fourth Amendment and limited government, and does precious little to make Americans safer. An effort at restoring the Constitution at the customs kiosk is long overdue.



ARTICLE
Updated at 2:56 p.m. ET
President Trump took office with an unconventional pick as National Security Adviser, and an unusual structure for his National Security Council. Now, both are gone.
White House chief strategist Steve Bannon’s removal from the principals’ committee of the National Security Council on Wednesday may signal a shift towards normalcy for the NSC, which spent much of the last few months mired in controversy.
Bloomberg News first reported the changes on Wednesday. Per a regulatory filing announcing the changes, the reorganization also includes the restoration of the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the director of national intelligence as permanent members of the committee. Both permanent positions had been eliminated in January as part of a reorganization of the NSC shortly after Trump first took office.
Bannon’s placement on the NSC’s principals’ committee was an unorthodox move, as political advisors do not normally hold a permanent seat on the committee, which includes cabinet-level officials like the Secretaries of State and Defense. George W. Bush, for example, did not allow his top political adviser Karl Rove into NSC meetings. The controversy over Bannon’s role with the NSC reinforced Bannon’s public image as a kind of Svengali pulling the strings behind Trump. Bannon, whose most recent job before joining the campaign was as executive chairman of Breitbart News, leads the clique within the White House of nationalist ideologues whom I’ve referred to in the past as the “Breitbart wing.”
A senior White House official cast the move as not a demotion for Bannon, saying that Bannon was placed on the NSC to keep an eye on Mike Flynn, and to “de-operationalize” the NSC from former National Security Adviser Susan Rice, and that he never attended a meeting.
“Job done,” the source told me.
Another senior administration official said that Bannon had actually attended one meeting, over a month ago. The filing announcing the reorganization at the NSC, the official said, had been “imminent for a while.”
Republicans have accused Rice of being the source of a series of politically damaging leaks to the press for the Trump administration—including the one that led to the ousting of Flynn, her immediate successor. Rice has denied leaking national security information to the media.
The White House official said that Trump made the decision to remove Bannon and his exit from the NSC had been planned from the beginning of the administration. “We all knew Flynn had issues,” the source said.
Flynn’s issues were glaring enough that he only lasted as National Security Adviser for  less than a month. He was asked to resign in February after revelations that he had misled Vice President Mike Pence about his contacts with the Russian ambassador. His tenure was the shortest of any national security adviser. Since his ouster, more damaging information has been revealed about him from prior to his becoming national security adviser, including that his company lobbied for the Turkish government during the campaign, without registering as a foreign agent as required by law.
The senior administration official told me that “certain people in senior staff started to get cold feet about Flynn during the transition,” including Bannon. During the transition, Flynn was the subject of a string of embarrassing media reports about his and his son’s pushing conspiracy theories on social media.
This White House has taken an unusual approach to internal bureaucracy, with alternative policy apparatuses within the building taking on duties traditionally performed by other agencies or structures like the NSC. Bannon has been involved with a group called the Strategic Initiatives Group, which was presented as a kind of internal think tank, while Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner is leading an Office of American Innovation described by the Washington Post as a “SWAT team to fix government.”
The move to downgrade Bannon’s role on the NSC could signal that more traditionally-minded forces are beginning to get their way in the White House. The move is an affirmation of the growing influence of National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, who has also been filling the NSC with more  established Republican foreign policy experts, according toThe Washington Post.
Bannon told me last month that President Trump and General McMaster were "getting the NSC back to its proper role and function.”



ARTICLE
Federal judge Neil Gorsuch allegedly copied text and language from several sources without proper attribution in two of his written works, throwing an 11th-hour curveball into the Senate confirmation process for President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee.
BuzzFeed first published excerpts of Gorsuch’s 2006 book on euthanasia Tuesday night that showed strong similarities between his writing and a 1984 Indiana Law Review article by Abigail Lawlis Kuzma. The book was an expanded version of the judge’s 2004 dissertation for his doctorate in philosophy at Oxford University. Even in the dense, formulaic world of legal writing, the similarities are striking.
“Down’s syndrome is a chromosomal disorder that involves both a certain amount of physical deformity and some degree of mental retardation,” Gorsuch wrote in one notable example. “Esophageal atresia with tracheoesophageal fistula means that the esophageal passage from the mouth to the stomach ends in a pouch, with an abnormal connection between the trachea and the esophagus.”
“Down's syndrome or ‘Mongolism’ is an incurable chromosomal disorder that involves a certain amount of physical deformity and an unpredictable degree of mental retardation,” Kuzma wrote in her article two decades earlier. “Esophageal atresia with tracheoesophageal fistula indicates that the esophageal passage from the mouth to the stomach ends in a pouch, with an abnormal connection between the trachea and the esophagus such that substances taken orally pass to the lungs instead of the stomach, eventually resulting in suffocation unless surgery is performed to correct the malformation.”
In a footnote, Gorsuch quotes the same sources as Kuzma. Politico also subsequently reported similarities between a 2000 academic article Gorsuch wrote on assisted suicide and a 1985 Duquesne Law Review article on euthanasia in the 13 colonies. According to Politico, Gorsuch’s descriptions of laws in multiple states “aligns closely” with the description in the article two decades earlier, citing not the article itself but the same sources it cited in turn.
Gorsuch’s book and other scholarly works received little public attention outside legal and academic circles until February, when Trump nominated him to fill the Supreme Court vacancy left by Justice Antonin Scalia’s death last year. They also became a central feature of his confirmation hearings last month: Republican senators extolled his writings as evidence of his qualifications for the Court while Democrats questioned him about his views on abortion based on a passage denouncing the “private taking” of human life.
Trump administration officials leapt to Gorsuch’s defense Tuesday night, with White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer linking on Twitter to an article describing the reports as “another desperate eleventh-hour smear.” Rebutting plagiarism allegations is a familiar experience for the Trump camp: First Lady Melania Trump borrowed passages from speeches by her predecessor Michelle Obama in her keynote at the Republican National Convention last July, and Fox News analyst Monica Crowley declined a job offer in Trump’s National Security Council in January after CNN found multiple instances of plagiarism in her 2000 doctoral dissertation.
It’s unlikely the allegations against Gorsuch, however, will be enough to slow or halt confirmation when the Senate votes later this week. Democratic senators have vowed to filibuster the 49-year-old federal appellate judge’s confirmation, while their Republican counterparts have indicated they’ll use the “nuclear option” to remove the 60-vote threshold to end debate on Supreme Court nominees and bypass Democratic resistance.



ARTICLE
One of the effects of racial segregation is that it fractures reality, so that the daily occurrences of one world can be entirely invisible, even fantastic, to another. When the town of Ferguson, Missouri, erupted in protest during the summer of 2014, in the aftermath of Michael Brown’s shooting at the hands of police officer Darren Wilson, millions of Americans were shocked, both at the ferocity of the demonstrations, and the brutal, militaristic response of local police.
To many white Americans, the world Ferguson residents described to reporters must have seemed preposterous––a violent klepto-state where black residents were bled dry by the municipal government and frequently abused and treated with contempt by an unaccountable police force. In turn, Ferguson’s black residents radiated frustration with a country that seemed in disbelief about what they had seen, heard, felt, and very literally paid for in more ways than one.
In March 2015, the civil-rights division of the Justice Department published the results of a months-long investigation into Ferguson, uncovering a municipal government that saw the criminalization of its own residents as a source of revenue, with city officials even directing police to produce increases in court fees for infractions like “manner of walking in roadway” and “failure to comply.” The report described how the municipal government saw the town’s black residents “less as constituents to be protected than as potential offenders and sources of revenue,” and the police force itself as a kind of armed “collection agency.”
Among the crucial contributions of the report was documenting a little acknowledged fact of life for the modern American poor: Any encounter with law enforcement can set in motion a series of events that can devastate the already precarious livelihoods of those with meager resources, something you are far more likely to experience if you are black.
The federal government’s authority to investigate and oversee reforms in local police departments comes from a law passed in the aftermath of the 1991 beating of Rodney King by four Los Angeles police officers, and their subsequent acquittal, despite video evidence showing cops striking a dazed and helpless King repeatedly with batons. Then as now, many viewers were shocked by a vivid representation of police brutality faced by black Americans, while others refused to see any problem worth addressing at all.
The purpose of that law was to address systemic problems in police departments that could lead to such incidents, by giving the federal government the power to investigate local authorities for systemic problems, then enter into court-enforced agreements known as “consent decrees” to compel changes if necessary. On March 31, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who was cynically sold by his defenders as a champion of civil rights, ordered a review of the Justice Department’s approach to policing, asserting that “it is not the responsibility of the federal government to manage non-federal law enforcement agencies.” During his confirmation hearing, Sessions said federal investigations of police departments were bad for “morale,” and waved away the idea that police abuses could be systemic, rather than the actions of a few bad apples.
As attorney general, Sessions said he read a summary, but not the full Ferguson report, which found that “95% of Manner of Walking charges; 94% of all Fail to Comply charges; 92% of all Resisting Arrest charges; 92% of all Peace Disturbance charges; and 89% of all Failure to Obey charges” were filed against black residents. But on the basis of the summary alone, Sessions concluded that the report was “pretty anecdotal” and “not scientifically based.”
The refusal to believe police abuse could be systemic rather than individual is, in the aftermath of all the data collected by the very agency Sessions now leads, a form of denial. Nor can Sessions’s decision be justified by the familiar excuse that police reforms lead to higher crime rates—the notion that “it is not the responsibility of the federal government to manage non-federal law enforcement agencies,” is a normative standard that would eschew federal oversight of local police regardless of the crime rate or the gravity of any abuse that might occur.
The Obama-era Justice Department’s report on Ferguson did more than simply outline the abuses of a local government and its police force—it served as a crucial and near-unimpeachable witness to the abuse of black Americans by entities meant to protect and represent them. Ferguson was hardly the only city where such dynamics persisted as a haunting echo of Jim Crow—in big cities all over the country, black Americans daily confront both the painful consequences of street crime and the terrifying possibility of violence at the hands of agents of the state sworn to protect them.
Until Ferguson, that reality, fractured and hidden from many white Americans, was for the most part safely buried under a false narrative of unimpeded racial progress. Far from heralding the beginning of a post-racial America, the Obama-era civil-rights division helped uncover how America’s balkanization had limited both progress and recognition of ongoing racial inequality. It helped compel the country to reconcile its fractured realities.
In Baltimore, where Freddie Gray died of a near-severed spinal cord after a ride in a police van, the Justice Department found that the police “deployed a policing strategy that, by its design, led to differential enforcement in African-American communities.” The BPD rarely investigated uses of force: It examined 10 out of 2,818 in the six-year period reviewed by the department, and only found one to be excessive. It found that officers violated the First Amendment by “frequently” detaining or arresting “members of the public for engaging in speech the officers perceive to be critical or disrespectful.”
In Chicago, where Laquan McDonald was gunned down by a police officer who emptied his weapon as McDonald lay on the ground, the Justice Department found a police department indifferent to the use of racial epithets by its officers and uninterested in investigating uses of force, even when done in violation of the department’s own guidelines. The report concluded that “CPD has tolerated racially discriminatory conduct that not only undermines police legitimacy, but also contributes to the pattern of unreasonable force.” Officers who engaged in misconduct often remained cops “when they should have been relieved of duty.”
Court-supervised reforms of police departments in those cities are now in peril.
Too often, the only power capable of compelling police departments to engage in widespread, systemic reforms is the federal government. “It is not the responsibility of the federal government to manage non-federal law enforcement agencies,” is an expression of conservative ideology; it is also an abdication of a responsibility only the federal government can meet. It is ignoring a crime by refusing to collect the evidence.
Sessions’s memo reads as an announcement that it is no longer the business of the federal government if American citizens’ rights are violated by those sworn to protect them and empowered with lethal force to do so. When local governments violate the basic constitutional rights of citizens, Americans are supposed to be able to look to the federal government to protect those rights. Sessions has made clear that when it comes to police abuses, they’re now on their own. This is the principle at the heart of “law and order” rhetoric: The authorities themselves are bound by neither.
Among the most profound accomplishments of the Justice Department’s reports were the simple documentation and official acknowledgment of the lived realities of millions of ordinary Americans. By pulling back now, it begins to redraw the barriers between worlds that were briefly shattered by the protests of the past few years. It does not ensure that there will be no more victims of systemic police abuse, only that other Americans are less likely to hear them.




ARTICLE
I’ve had to look long and hard to find examples of presidential candidates who feared legal trouble because of speeches they made.
So far the list is Thomas Jefferson, Eugene V. Debs, and Donald J. Trump. Of these three, only one—the current president—might actually be held legally responsible for incitement to violence.
Trump may in fact have violated the law even after a century of First Amendment evolution designed to protect political speakers and their speech.
Jefferson never actually ran afoul of the Sedition Act of 1798, but as written, it held a clever trap for him. He was, by the bizarre workings of the Electoral College, vice president under his great foe, President John Adams. Adams’s allies jammed through Congress a law providing prison for anyone who uttered “false, scandalous and malicious writing or writings against the government of the United States, or either House of the Congress of the United States, or the President of the United States, with intent to defame  ... or to bring them, or either of them, into contempt or disrepute; or to excite against them ...  the hatred of the good people of the United States.”
Makes it hard to run against an incumbent and his party, yes? The law did not outlaw criticism of the vice president, so the pro-Adams forces were free to go on attacking Jefferson as an atheistic pro-French anti-Christ without fear of legal redress.
Federal prosecutors never actually went after Jefferson, despite partisan accusations of treason, and soon public opinion turned against the Sedition Act and its Federalist sponsors.
Debs, the head of the American Socialist Party, received 900,000 votes for President in 1912. On June 16, 1918, speaking to a Socialist gathering in Canton, Ohio, he expressed sympathy for Rose Pastor Stokes, a prominent Socialist who had been sentenced to 30 years in prison for criticizing the war. “I want to admit without reservation that if Rose Pastor Stokes is guilty of crime, so am I,” Debs said. The government took him at his word, and Debs was sentenced to ten years, a sentence cheerfully affirmed in a brusque opinion by Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
In 1920, Debs ran for president from his cell and received 919,000 votes—more than he had as a free man. In 1921, President Warren Harding commuted his sentence.
Now to the present: here are the words that have gotten our current leader in trouble: “Get ‘em out of here!”
Trump uttered this deathless phrase from a speaker’s platform in Louisville, Kentucky, on March 1, 2016, during one of his mass rallies. Members of the crowd began shoving and hitting a group of protesters. He also said, “Don’t hurt ‘em. If I say ‘go get ‘em,’ I get in trouble with the press.”
The protesters filed suit against Trump, the Trump campaign, and the alleged assailants in federal district court in Kentucky. The lawsuit seeks money damages; among other things, they claim Trump’s speech was “incitement to riot.”
On Friday, Judge David J. Hale ruled that they had made out a genuine claim against the President.
To be clear: Judge Hale did not decide that Trump actually “incited” a riot. But he did rule that, if the protesters’ version of the facts is proved at trial, candidate Trump did just that.
It’s hornbook law that the First Amendment does not cover “incitement” to violence. But over the years, the United States Supreme Court has devised a definition of that term that makes it almost impossible to punish anyone for the offense.
The current test comes out of a 1969 case called Brandenburg v. Ohio. In 1964, an Ohio Klansman named Clarence Brandenburg held a “rally” on a private farm—attended by about 12 fellow Klansmen—and invited a camera crew from a local TV station. They donned robes, burned a cross, sang a Klan song, and then heard a largely incoherent address by Brandenburg, who said, “We're not a revengent organization, but if our President, our Congress, our Supreme Court, continues to suppress the white, Caucasian race, it's possible that there might have to be some revengeance taken.” Brandenburg was convicted of violating an Ohio state law that banned “advocat[ing] ... the duty, necessity, or propriety of crime, sabotage, violence, or unlawful methods of terrorism as a means of accomplishing industrial or political reform.”
The Supreme Court that heard the case knew that America in the late 1960s was as volatile as the steam boiler in Stephen King’s The Shining. Southern white governments were trying to silence Civil Rights advocates, while campuses were boiling with student opposition to the war in Vietnam. Feminist advocates had held the first “speak out” about reproductive rights, and others had picketed the Miss America pageant in 1968. Latino students in Los Angeles were staging walkouts from public high schools. The Stonewall Riot, which launched the LGBT movement, was only weeks away.
Free speech was heading for crisis, and the Justices used Brandenburg to signal that they would not tolerate the use of “incitement” as an excuse to shut down political discussion.
The First Amendment, the Brandenburg majority wrote, protected even speech that urged breaking the law—unless it was “directed to inciting or producing imminent lawless action and is likely to incite or produce such action.”
This short phrase is haymaker to any prosecution for “incitement.” “Directed to” means that the speaker must have intended to cause violence; “likely to” means that there must be a true danger of violence; and “imminent” means that the danger must exist at the moment of the speech—not days, hours, or possibly even minutes afterwards.
In Nwanguma v. Trump, the Louisville case, Judge Hale found it “plausible” that “’get ‘em out of here’ advocated the use of force.” In part, that’s because “it is stated in the imperative; it was an order, an instruction, a command.” Violence was certainly “likely,” the court wrote—in fact, it actually occurred. The plaintiffs may be able to prove intent from the circumstances surrounding the speech, he added.
The case against Trump and his campaign has a long way to go. The plaintiffs will have to prove their charges to a jury, which might conclude that “get ‘em out of here” was just big talk, not “incitement.” But Judge Hale’s decision serves as a useful caution in two ways. First, it reminds us all that words are not always harmless. In a country as divided and tense as this one, we should all choose words carefully. Angry and sharp protest is one thing; “get ‘em out of here” or “knock the crap out of them” are something else.
Second, it sheds light on the words our president chooses. Listening to a characteristic Trump word salad, it is tempting to conclude that he simply blunders about, treating the English language, as Evelyn Waugh once wrote of Stephen Spender, the way a chimpanzee might handle a Sevres vase.
But in fact, Trump’s words sometimes seem to reflect more care than one might think at first. This is a man who has not flinched at calling for violence, torture, hatred and division; indeed, even the violent incidents at Louisville did not persuade him to moderate his tone. Neither did an incident a week later in Fayetteville, N.C., where Trump repeated his theme when confronted by protesters: “See, in the good old days this didn’t use to happen, because they used to treat them very rough.” Shortly afterwards, a supporter attacked a protester, leading eventually to the assailant’s arrest and to an actual investigation of whether Trump had committed a crime.
Trump and his supporters like to say that those who complain about him and his rhetoric are oversensitive “snowflakes.” At the same time, he complains bitterly about any verbal criticism, no matter how far away it is uttered or how decorous its tone. “Change libel laws?” he tweeted recently after complaining—for all the world like a sulky tweener in a YA novel—that the New York Times had “gotten me wrong.”
No matter how generous the limits on his speech, he seems determined to exceed them, while threatening anyone who speaks against him. I don’t know what a Kentucky jury will find, but it would not surprise this snowflake if Trump became the first sitting president to be found liable for incitement to riot.



ARTICLE
In an interview with MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell, former National Security Advisor Susan Rice denied charges that she used intelligence information for political purposes. During a press conference, House Speaker Paul Ryan said the push to revive efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act is in the “conceptual stage right now,” but didn’t offer a timeline for a new health-care bill. In a statement, President Trump called a chemical weapons attack in northern Syria that killed at least 58 people, including several children, “reprehensible,” and blamed the previous administration for its approach to the conflict. The National Collegiate Athletic Association ended its ban on holding championship events in North Carolina after the state repealed its so-called “bathroom bill.” Russia’s Investigative Committee identified Akbarzhon Dzhalilov, a 22-year-old native of Kyrgyzstan, as the attacker behind the explosion on a metro train in St. Petersburg Monday.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Will Police Departments See Reform?: Attorney General Jeff Sessions reportedly ordered the Justice Department to review agreements to reform police departments nationwide “to ensure that these pacts do not work against the Trump administration’s goals of promoting officer safety and morale while fighting violent crime.” (Sari Horwitz, Mark Berman, and Wesley Lowery, The Washington Post)
Great Television: In a new profile, Jonathan Mahler explores Donald Trump’s symbiotic relationship with CNN President Jeff Zucker. “Trump’s foray into reality TV gave Zucker a prime-time hit when he badly needed one,” Mahler writes. “Now, Trump’s foray into politics has given Zucker a big story when he badly needed one.” (The New York Times Magazine)
9 Steps to Going Nuclear: If Senate Democrats filibuster Judge Neil Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court, Republicans could opt for the so-called “nuclear option.” Here’s how that works. (Erin Kelly, USA Today)
The ‘Unlikely Holy Warrior’: Senator Kirsten Gillibrand “came to the Senate with a reputation as a moderate upstate hack.” Yet in the first few months of Trump’s presidency, she has positioned herself as one of the most anti-Trump Democrats in the Senate. (Rebecca Traister, New York)
Where the War Starts: U.S. military officials are concerned about the rising frequency of dangerous incidents between Russian and U.S. military aircraft and ships. Amid escalating tensions between the countries, could one wrong miscommunication lead to a war? (David Wood, The Huffington Post)
 
Unpresidented: In this short video, The Atlantic’s Bourree Lam explains the stock market boom after Donald Trump’s election and whether presidents can take credit for what happens on Wall Street. (Erica Moriarty)
After the election, Donald Trump pledged to donate his annual presidential salary to charity. On Monday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer announced that Trump chose to give away his first-quarter salary of $78,333 to the National Park Service to be spent on the upkeep of America’s historic battlefields. Spicer said the president was presented with a number of options before coming to his decision. If you could suggest one option for potential future donations, what would it be—and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
In the closing days of the Obama administration, the Justice Department hurried to create facts on the ground about police reform. On January 12, eight days before the inauguration, DOJ reached a consent decree with the city of Baltimore to fix egregious constitutional violations by its police department. The next day, it released a lengthy report into abuses by the Chicago Police Department. This followed on a series of other consent decrees—basically, binding legal agreements to reform—with other police departments. It was well short of what some police-reform advocates wanted, but it was also the most aggressive use of consent decrees any administration had exercised.
But if the new management of the Justice Department has its way, those attempts could be reversed soon. On Monday, the department released a memo from Attorney General Jeff Sessions, dated March 31, about DOJ’s relationships with police departments at all levels. The memo voices concern for “officer safety, office morale, and public respect” and says that local control is paramount: “It is not the responsibility of the federal government to manage non-federal law enforcement agencies.”
“The misdeeds of individual bad actors should not impugn or undermine the legitimate and honorable work that law enforcement officers and agencies perform in keeping American communities safe,” Sessions wrote.
This is in keeping with Sessions’s statements before. He is skeptical of police-reform efforts, and has indicated drawing back from the active role that Attorneys General Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch took. What sticks out is that the Trump Justice Department seems to be interested in undoing the Obama administration’s already-completed work, too. The memo instructs DOJ officials to review all activities, including “existing or contemplated consent decrees … to ensure that they fully and effectively promote the principles outlined above.” Also on Thursday, the Justice Department asked a judge for 90-day pause as it reviews the agreement with Baltimore.
Kristen Clarke, the president and executive director of the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, said any pullback from consent decrees would be “devastating” to departments and communities.
“At the end of the day we’re talking about unconstitutional policing policies,” she said.
If Sessions does seek to withdraw from the Baltimore consent decree, it will provide a useful stage for considering the fate of police reform in the U.S. It could provide a test for whether courts will allow the Justice Department to pull back, and of whether localities plagued by police problems will be willing to let go of reform.
Most prominently, however, Baltimore provides a rebuke to Sessions’s notion that police problems are the fault of the proverbial few bad apples in troubled police departments. The city was swept by demonstrations and riots after the April 2015 death of Freddie Gray, who was mortally injured while in police custody. The Justice Department began investigating, eventually producing a 163-page report in August 2016. The report establishes in stomach-churning detail that the problems with the Baltimore Police Department were not limited to bad cops. The problem was the department itself.
Supervisors told officers to make frequent arrests, even when there was no crime-fighting imperative. So many lacked probable cause that central booking and prosecutors refused 11,000 charges between 2010 and 2015. Stops were highly racially disparate:

From 2010–2014, BPD officers in the Western and Central Districts recorded more than 111,500 stops—roughly 44 percent of the total stops for which officers recorded a district location. Yet these are the two least populated police districts in Baltimore, with a combined population of only 75,000, or 12 percent of City residents. These districts include the City’s central business district and several poor, urban neighborhoods with mostly African-American residents. In these districts, police recorded nearly 1.5 stops per resident over a four-year period.

One African American man was stopped 34 times during that five-year period. A range of arrests for minor and procedural offenses (resisting arrest, failing to obey an order, trespassing on posted property, and so on) were almost entirely used against black citizens. “African Americans accounted for roughly 88 percent of the subjects of non-deadly force used by BPD officers in a random sample of over 800 cases we reviewed,” the report found.
On and on the report went, showing systemic, structural problems with the Baltimore Police Department, ones whose scope and temporal reach couldn’t possibly be the product of merely a few bad cops. Baltimore’s leadership, to its credit, was eager to reform, and welcomed a consent decree with the U.S. government. Reformers argue that when a force is as badly broken as Baltimore’s is, internal reform is insufficient. Indeed, the police commissioner at the time of Gray’s death had been hired as a reformer, but his progress was slow, and he was fired in the wake of the demonstrations.
That’s one thing that’s so peculiar about the Justice Department possibly seeking to withdraw: Under the consent decree, the U.S. government was striking a deal with the city of Baltimore, in which the city of Baltimore would make changes in order to prevent litigation. Yet now, the plaintiff, the Justice Department, is interested in walking away from the deal, while the defendant is insisting it go forward.
Mayor Catherine Pugh said she strongly opposed any delay to the consent decree.  So did Baltimore Police Commissioner Kevin Davis.
“I’m disappointed that the Department of Justice thought it was necessary to seek a 90-day extension,” he said Tuesday. “We’re ready to go with the consent decree. I want to say to the community in particular that the police department is absolutely dedicated to the consent-decree process. There’s no backroom deals. There’s no sleight of hand.”
Not all departments have been as eager for federal involvement, but Justice reports have shown similarly systemic issues in Cleveland, Chicago, and Ferguson, Missouri.
And despite Sessions’s claim to speak for police who are struggling with criticism, many chiefs have welcomed federal involvement as an essential aid. In addition to Davis’s criticism, Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Police Commissioner Eddie Johnson also issued a statement saying they would move forward with reform, alone or with the Justice Department: “We can only speak for our intentions, we can’t speak for the federal government’s.” In Cincinnati, which reformed its police department after a consent decree, federal involvement has been widely hailed as contributing to a vast improvement in the city’s policing and relationship with the community.
Whether the Department of Justice could actually withdraw is an open question. New administrations often temporarily freeze the policies of their predecessors, and sometimes reverse them, but a consent decree is different because it’s a legally binding agreement. Experts said they were unsure whether a judge would be willing to allow the federal government to undo that.
“People bargained and struck a deal, or the court imposed one, more or less,” said Carl Tobias, Williams professor of law at the University of Richmond. “The government usually enters into it because it thinks it might do worse if it continued to litigate. It’s like a settlement.”
There are procedures for altering or withdrawing from a consent decree. A common use by the federal government, historically, has been to desegregate school systems, and one or both parties could argue that the goals of the decree had been met. But that typically occurs after years or decades of work—not just a few months into a process.
“This is utterly ridiculous,” Clarke said. “This is the most preliminary stage where you finally have the agreement from the city and the police, and to have Sessions stand as an obstacle to the reform that everyone is fully prepared to move forward with is to me an example of trying to be an obstructionist.”
For DOJ to withdraw, it would have to make a request and have it approved by a judge. Third parties, like pro-reform groups and nonprofits, might attempt to intervene in the case and force the federal government to remain party to a deal. Even if a judge didn’t grant the request, it’s likely that the Trump administration could simply decline to do anything to enforce the consent decree.
“They can let it all die by doing nothing,” Jonathan Smith, former Justice Department chief of special litigation, told The Washington Post last year. (An eager judge could conceivably continue to zealously oversee compliance, even in the absence of a prosecutorial overseer.)
But if Sessions does order a withdrawal, and is successful, Baltimore will be the front line in a new experiment in police reform. If the federal government has no interest in enforcing constitutional protections, will cities be able to effectively reform their own police departments? Charm City would be at a slight advantage in that quest, since it already has the Justice Department’s report and consent decree to use as a template. Other cities will be left to do all of that work alone—if they choose to do so.



ARTICLE
Former National Security Advisor Susan Rice told MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell Tuesday she did not spy on President Trump or members of his team for political purposes, and that she had not leaked information gleaned from intelligence reports about them.
But while she refused to confirm it directly, citing classified information, Rice seemed to imply she requested that members of the Trump team whose names were redacted in intelligence reports be “unmasked,” or identified, as a report Monday from Bloomberg View’s Eli Lake asserted. The stories focus on “incidental collection,” when an American is caught up in surveillance of a foreign target, in which case the American’s name is redacted but can legally be revealed at the request of certain officials, including the national security adviser.
“There were occasions when I would receive a report in which a U.S. person was referred to, name not provided,” Rice said. “Sometimes in that context in order to understand the significance of the report and assess its significance, it was necessary to request the information as to who that person was.”
For example, Rice said, if a hypothetical report dealt with an American trying to sell bomb-making equipment to foreigners, she would want to know whether the American was a “kook” or a credible person, in which case the report would be taken more seriously. She said any unmasking request had to run through an established intelligence-community protocol. Rice also said she never requested reports, but sometimes asked for unmasking in reports sent to her by intelligence officials.
At one point in the interview, Mitchell seemed on the verge of asking Rice point-blank if she had requested unmasking of any Trump team officials, but then added, “in order to spy on them?”
“Absolutely not for any political purposes, to spy, expose, anything,” Rice said, adding there was “no equivalence between unmasking and leaking.”
She said she had not leaked any information about Michael Flynn, who succeeded her as national-security adviser before being forced to resign for lying to Vice President Mike Pence about his conversations with the Russian ambassador. “I leaked nothing to nobody, and never have, and never would,” Rice said. She said she learned only through press reports that Flynn had been lobbying for the Turkish government without disclosing his activity. She would not say whether she had any suspicions about Flynn.
As for Trump’s allegation he had been subject to surveillance, ordered by President Obama, prior to the election, Rice said, “There was no collection or surveillance on Trump Tower or Trump individuals, and by that I mean directed by the White House or targeted at Trump individuals.”
Rice spoke to PBS’s Judy Woodruff in March, and gave an answer that appears contradictory and misleading about any surveillance. Woodruff asked Rice about House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes’s statements that Trump transition team members were caught up in incidental collection.
“I know nothing about this,” Rice told Woodruff. “I was surprised to see accounts from Chairman Nunes on that today.”
As Rice was speaking to MSNBC on Tuesday, Representative Adam Schiff, Nunes’s Democratic counterpart on the House Intelligence Committee, announced the reports Nunes viewed would soon be made available to both the House and Senate intelligence committees.
On Tuesday, MSNBC’s Mitchell noted that some Republicans were suggesting Rice be subpoenaed about collection of Trump officials. Rice declined to say whether she would be willing to testify, saying, “Let’s see what comes.”
Rice’s repeated statements she could and would not reveal classified information point to the central ambiguity in this story. Over time, a very loose image has emerged of what might have been collected or might not have. But that image is severely constrained by the fact that most of the relevant information is classified, and Nunes himself has been accused of improperly revealing classified information. The low-information landscape has made for a fertile partisan battle, but makes it challenging to understand what really happened and who is telling the truth.
It is not clear, for example, whether Trump officials’ communications were incidentally collected through conversations with surveillance targets, or were simply mentioned in conversations that were collected. There’s also no reliable information on how many times, and when, Rice requested unmasking of Trump officials, nor of whether other officials also requested unmasking.



ARTICLE
It’s revival time for the American Health Care Act.
The Republican repeal-and-replace plan for Obamacare died an unceremonious death last month when President Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan abandoned the bill minutes before a floor vote that they knew was doomed to fail.
But now, just in time for Easter, the bill has seemingly returned to life and is back under discussion on Capitol Hill. Vice President Mike Pence is shuttling once again between the White House and the clubhouse of the House Freedom Caucus, dangling a proposal to push the legislation even further to the right in order to secure the votes of the GOP’s hardest-to-please conservatives. The changes under consideration would threaten Trump’s oft-repeated promise to protect people with preexisting conditions by allowing states, under certain conditions, to gut the regulations undergirding that pledge.
Is this actually going anywhere?
It’s hard to say. There is no text of a proposal, and members of the Freedom Caucus insist there is no deal until they see specifics. The administration has also met with Republican moderates, but there’s no indication that striking even more of Obamacare’s most popular provisions could get their votes.
But Republicans have a collective incentive to rectify—or at least be seen as trying to rectify—a humiliating failure for their party. And Congress has a long history of dilly-dallying, stumbling, and even falling flat on its face before striking a quick deal and acting on a moment’s notice. That’s especially true when lawmakers face a deadline, and the House is scheduled to recess for a two-week Easter break on Thursday. Notably, the murmurs of optimism are emanating from some of the conservatives who were most stridently opposed to the AHCA a few weeks ago.
“I think it’s serious,” Jason Pye, director of public policy for FreedomWorks, told me by phone on Tuesday morning. “I’m pretty optimistic about the path forward.” FreedomWorks, a conservative activist group, had criticized multiple iterations of the bill in March and vowed to penalize Republicans who voted for it.
Now that the White House seems willing to target the core insurance regulations at the heart of the Affordable Care Act, however, the right is listening. “The entire concept appears to be one of federalism,” said Dan Holler, a spokesman for the conservative group Heritage Action, “and if the Republican Party can’t get behind federalism, it’s sort of unclear what they could get behind.” Even Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky, who led the rebellion against the GOP leadership’s bill, is sounding optimistic notes after a round of golf with the president.
Still, there remain plenty of skeptics that the GOP can swiftly fix a proposal that registered just a 17 percent approval rating with voters and whose failure prompted Trump to lash out at conservatives, moderates, and Democrats alike.
Count Ryan as chief among them. At a press conference on Tuesday morning, the speaker downplayed the latest developments and talk of an imminent agreement. “Right now, we’re just at that conceptual stage,” he said. “It’s important that we don’t just win the votes of one caucus, or one group, but that we get the votes and get the consensus of 216 of our members.” The speaker seemed to be dashing hopes that negotiators could come up with an agreement fast enough for the House to vote on it in the next few days before the two-week recess. Conservatives briefed on the proposal said the White House could release text of an amendment as soon as Tuesday night. But if the House does not act this week, it’s likely that any repeat attempt to pass a health-care bill will have to wait until May, after Congress tries to avoid a government shutdown before federal funding runs out on April 28.
Ryan was alluding to the biggest ongoing challenge Republican leaders have faced on health care: How can they appease the conservatives who want a total repeal of Obamacare without losing the votes of moderates and electorally vulnerable members who don’t want to scrap the law’s popular parts or vote for a bill that would result in significant coverage loss for their constituents?
It’s not clear that the White House’s latest proposal would square that circle. Moderates had already recoiled at the possibility that the GOP bill would remove Obamacare’s provision requiring insurance plans to cover “essential health benefits” like hospital stays, emergency-room visits, addiction treatment, and maternity care. The idea under discussion would allow even more changes to the law’s core protections, but it would leave most of those decisions up to the states. Conservatives are hoping that moderates representing more Democratic states like New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania would feel more comfortable voting for the plan because it would be unlikely their governors and legislatures would choose to eliminate those regulations.
One New Jersey congressman, however, quickly panned that suggestion on Tuesday. “I have seen nothing in terms of reported possible changes to American Health Care Act warranting reconsideration. I remain a NO,” tweeted Representative Frank LoBiondo.
A potential concern for conservatives is that states would still have to win approval from the federal government in order to lift regulations on insurers. Right now, that decision would fall to Tom Price, the conservative secretary of health and human services. But if a Democrat won the presidency in 2020, a new administration could have the leeway to force states to adopt the tighter standards envisioned under Obamacare. And it’s also uncertain that the proposal, if it got out of the House, would pass muster under the Senate’s strict rules for approving legislation under the budget reconciliation process that circumvents a Democratic filibuster.
If nothing else, the renewed negotiations are a sign that conservatives have moved off their insistence on a full repeal of the Affordable Care Act, and that’s a positive sign for House Republican leaders. But Ryan’s caution is understandable. After being burned so badly by his bill’s defeat last month, he does not want to raise expectations so high again without a better assurance of success. And the speaker knows that without the support of party moderates, the murky second version of the American Health Care Act could die an even quicker death than the first.



ARTICLE
The Senate is headed toward a showdown when President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee comes up for a final confirmation vote.
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is expected to invoke the so-called “nuclear option,” changing Senate rules so that Republicans can approve the nomination of Neil Gorsuch by a simple majority vote. The looming clash is the latest evidence that Congress has become increasingly divided along party lines, and threatens to pave the way for presidents to nominate ever-more partisan judges to the Supreme Court. Even so, implementing the tactic won’t dramatically alter  the way the Senate operates on its own.
The Senate already requires only a simple majority to confirm most presidential appointments. That has been the case since 2013 when Democrats controlled the chamber and then-Majority Leader Harry Reid triggered the nuclear option. At the time, the rules change spared Supreme Court nominations, an exception that McConnell is now poised to do away with it. But ending that exception now still only represents an incremental change in the way the upper chamber has operated in recent years.
“The idea that this will forever change the Senate is nonsense,” said Josh Chafetz, a law professor at Cornell University, citing the simple majority threshold for other judges and presidential appointees in place for the past four years.
A key distinction between the Senate and the House of Representatives is that any senator can assert themselves and threaten to prolong debate by initiating a filibuster, which requires 60 votes to overcome. That ensures that the minority party has more power, and is one of the reasons why, at least in theory, the Senate is supposed to function as a more deliberative body.
CNN’s Chris Cillizza warns that if the Senate invokes the nuclear option on Supreme Court nominees, “the idea that the Senate is fundamentally different in its operations than the House” will be “gone, or at least badly damaged.” Instead, Cillizza argues the Senate “will be a place where majority makes might, and where the idea of reaching across the aisle is essentially a non-starter.”
But ending the filibuster for high court nominations won’t do away with all, or even the most significant, guardrails that foster deliberation and ensure that minority voices have a say in the Senate. As Vox notes: “If the nuclear option is used this week, the change would only apply to Supreme Court nominations. It will not be used to eliminate the filibuster for legislation. No one is seriously discussing that at this point.”
“Concerns that a nuclear option on the Gorsuch nomination will make the Senate become like the House, in which the majority rules, are really overblown,” said Gregory Koger, a political science professor at the University of Miami and author of Filibustering: A Political History of Obstruction in the House and Senate. “As long as the ability to filibuster legislation is maintained, that’s the important thing for the soul of the Senate as a place where ideas are thought out, moderated, and debated.”
Senate Republicans have a number of incentives to preserve the filibuster for debating policy and considering legislation. To start, Republicans will one day be in the minority again, and won’t want to eliminate a tactic that can be used by the minority party to stall, or encourage amendments to, legislation. Beyond that, senators who feel squeamish about any aspects of Trump’s legislative agenda likely won’t want the responsibility that would come with a newly-empowered majority in the Senate. If the filibuster didn’t exist for legislation, Republicans might be able to more easily advance legislation along party lines, but that would also make it more likely that they alone would shoulder the blame for any fallout.
The Supreme Court nomination may also seem like a higher stake scenario to McConnell, who took the unprecedented step of supporting a blockade on consideration of President Obama’s pick for the same seat, Merrick Garland, last year in the hopes of keeping it open for a Republican president to fill. The relative infrequency with which Supreme Court nominations come up for consideration in the Senate compared to legislation may make the majority party hesitate to implement the nuclear option beyond the high court nomination process.
Even in light of all that, invoking the nuclear option to end the filibuster for Supreme Court nominations remains a significant, and historic, decision. It would mark both a change in Senate rules, and an escalation of partisanship. It’s difficult to fully predict the potential consequences of such a move, but confrontational tactics by one political party are likely to be met with retaliation by the other. The decision could also have a profound impact on the Court itself, especially since it creates a powerful incentive for presidents to nominate more partisan judges when their party controls the Senate.
“It’s an important indicator of how partisan we’ve gotten, even in the Senate,” said Burdett Loomis, a political science professor at the University of Kansas. “But the Senate has already been highly polarized for a while now. This is more like one extra step on a ladder we’ve been climbing for a while now, than some kind of nuclear bomb that will fundamentally change the Senate.”



ARTICLE
Since President Donald Trump has taken so many positions that align more closely with the typical elected Democrat than the typical elected Republican—skepticism of free trade, support for massive federal infrastructure spending, comfort with a single-payer healthcare system—why can’t the president, who promised to practice “the art of the deal,” advance his agenda by garnering some Democratic votes in Congress, enabling him to bypass the staunchly anti-compromise House Freedom Caucus?
Several pundits have raised that question lately, knowing many of the voters who propelled Trump to power wouldn’t be averse to breaks with Tea Party orthodoxy. “Trump's best bet for a badly needed win to help rebuild his ‘winning’ image may well come by working with the other party,” Clarence Page argued in the Chicago Tribune.
And the White House itself has pondered that course.
Reince Priebus, Trump’s chief of staff, who previously led the Republican National Committee, told Chris Wallace on Fox News Sunday, "I think it's time for our folks to come together, and I also think it's time to potentially get a few moderate Democrats on board as well." A senior Trump administration official even suggested to BuzzFeed that the White House would like to attract support from the Congressional Black Caucus.
The obstacles to a bipartisan turn have been set forth even more forcefully. Josh Barro focused on the ways that Trump shortsightedly put himself in a weak negotiating position:

It's possible to imagine a different opening to Trump's administration that would have put him in a much stronger negotiating position. He could have started with infrastructure and tax reform instead of health care. He could have made good on his initial overtures to Democrats, offering them an infrastructure package they would have found tempting, even if it came packaged with tax cuts. He could have sprung this on Republicans at a time when they didn't feel empowered to stand up to Trump.

But he didn't do those things.

Now, Republicans in Congress are annoyed with the president, sniping at each other, and no longer so afraid of what can happen when Trump tweets. They've defied him once and survived — why not do it again? Democrats smell blood in the water, and are much more inclined to deny Trump assistance and enjoy his failures than to work constructively with him.

Michael Brendan Dougherty added that, for Democrats, opposition has huge upsides. “Democrats have a kind of gift in Trump, in that he's almost proven everything they ever said about Republicans, that their high church conservative rhetoric was a mask for hiding their true motivation, racial animus,” he wrote at The Week. “Trump proves that conservatives' family values rhetoric was cynical! Democrats don't need to work with Trump. The Trump presidency is already working for Democrats.”
Those arguments are persuasive.
But I think there is an even deeper dynamic that will make it very difficult for Trump to forge a coalition that includes moderate Democrats or African Americans, at least if he hopes to retain enough support from his base to get reelected.
* * *
I’ve recently published a series of articles drawing on the insights of Karen Stenner, a leading scholar of the deep forces that tend to tear polities apart. Her core insight is that democratic countries are composed of citizens with very different predispositions. In her taxonomy, “libertarians” are very comfortable with difference and diversity, while “authoritarians” have a strong, perhaps innate preference for unity and sameness, even if coercive measures are required to enforce it.  
Usually, a country’s libertarians and authoritarians live alongside one another in relative peace. Under normal conditions, it can be difficult to even tell them apart.
But everything changes if those with a latent predisposition to authoritarianism are activated. Suddenly, their relative willingness to live and let live gives way to increasing demands for policies that target, repress, or punish those perceived as different.
In response, the predispositions of libertarians are awakened in turn as they perceive a threat to the diversity or difference that they value. They mobilize to protect it. The aftermath of Trump’s first travel ban is illustrative. Folks who’d never been involved in a political action reacted to news of green card holders getting detained at customs checkpoints by spontaneously flocking to airports in protest.
Here’s how Stenner would explain those protests:

Authoritarians and libertarians are mobilized in defense of that which they value only when those valued ends appear to be in jeopardy. For each side, this will be when they are induced to fear that those ends, and the social arrangements that serve them, might be at risk, or starting to seem too risky for the collective. Exogenous conditions of normative threat––most critically, belief diversity and fallible leaders––remind both authoritarians and libertarians of that which they value, of why it is valued, and that it may not be valued (now, or for too much longer) by others.

The experience or perception of a normative threat may certainly, or even often, be a product of elite manipulation. But the predisposition to be hyper-responsive to those conditions is endogenous: a product of the masses.

Happily, this means that a spike in authoritarian policy demands does not necessarily mean that overall intolerance will increase. It may, in fact, remain at constant levels or even decline, if authoritarian actions are met by a libertarian reaction that is bigger in strength or magnitude than the repressive actions that triggered it. (As I wrote in February, with whom conservatives ally matters a great deal, too.)
But even libertarians manage to prevent the overall degree of intolerance from changing, “it will be a very different world indeed,” Stenner adds. “The aggregate result of activating this dynamic will be deeply intensified value conflict across the tolerance domain, sharply polarized politics, and enormously increased demands upon the polity: for greater and lesser discrimination against minorities and restrictions on immigration; for more and fewer limits on free speech, assembly, and association; for stricter and softer policies on common rites, abortion, censorship, and homosexuality; for harsher and more lenient punishment.”
That sounds a lot like America’s situation today, doesn’t it?
Once set in motion, this dynamic can feed on itself. In other countries, it has led to outcomes ranging from sustained culture wars to, at the extreme, a descent into genocide. “This is a volatile movement of the masses, placing vastly-increased and essentially irreconcilable demands upon the polity,” Stenner writes. “It is not a ‘top down’ diffusion of cues and considerations, but a ‘bottom up’ expression of primitive passions; not the politics of ideas, but the politics of fear.” A prudent nation will work very hard to deactivate its authoritarians and change course.
Trump’s position illustrates the consequences of fueling this dynamic.
His bigoted rhetoric and the harsh measures he advocated for during the campaign helped his electoral fortunes by activating a base of authoritarian support. By triggering the dynamic Stenner described, however, he constrained his ability to govern, guaranteeing an energized opposition that regards him not as a normal politician, but as a malign force who threatens a feature of America many hold dear.
Stephen Bannon may not mind that tradeoff.
Bannon has spoken openly about his desire to reorient the ideological landscape, to “bitch slap” the Republican Party, to destroy the political establishment, and to create an international alliance of white nationalist parties across Western civilization. He has even called Trump an “imperfect vessel” for the revolution he wants to see. His project can only succeed via nihilistic exploitation of deep, fear-driven impulses.
In contrast, Trump wants to make deals, be the center of attention, and get high approval ratings. He saw he needed bigoted campaign rhetoric and the base Bannon cultivated at Breitbart to win, but underestimated how severely it would constrain him. Does anyone on team Trump even understand the “libertarian” predisposition? Perhaps Ivanka Trump does, having now lost that part of her customer base.
Sweeping bans on foreign travel and highly visible immigration raids on longtime residents will continue to earn Trump the approval of authoritarians in his base. As inevitably, those actions will provoke unusually furious opposition from Stenner’s libertarians—and vastly complicate cooperation with any elected Democrats.
After all, white Democrats are more likely than white Republicans to value difference and diversity; Hispanic and African American voters are indispensable to Democrats in a way they aren’t to Republicans; and while there is no reason to believe that members of minority groups are any less likely than whites to be authoritarian in their psychological predispositions, even the most difference-averse among them is unlikely to join an authoritarian coalition where they are part of the outgroup.
Yes, some on the right have argued that the Democratic Party’s “rainbow coalition” is vulnerable, because African Americans are as likely as anyone to fear Muslim refugees and are among the biggest economic losers from mass immigration. But a Republican president hoping to drive a wedge between blacks and other Democrat-leaning minorities would be foolish, indeed, to appoint Jeff Sessions attorney general, denounce Black Lives Matter, signal that the Department of Justice will no longer stop policing abuses, and cast black life as carnage.
More broadly, so long as Trump or his team seem antagonistic to immigrants, Muslims, blacks, or any other identity group, Stenner’s libertarians, who wield significant power within the Democratic Party, will reliably savage any elected Democrat who strengthens Trump’s hand. Cooperation with more moderate Democrats might be possible if Trump apologized for bygone misdeeds, transformed his rhetoric, parted ways with Bannon, and made explicit, hugely appealing overtures to African Americans. But that would alienate Trump’s sizable cohort of authoritarians. (Imagine how a sidelined Bannon would play it at Breitbart!)
Despite Trump’s centrism on issues of great consequence, he chose bigotry over bipartisanship as a campaign strategy. If his presidency is a failure as a result then all Americans will suffer. But at least future candidates may conclude that activating an authoritarian dynamic to gain power just spoils the prize they’re seeking.




ARTICLE
The Trump administration’s budget proposal for 2018 sent shockwaves across the country, but when it came to one slice of the funding, the international-affairs budget, those waves extended across the globe.
The proposed 31 percent cut affects the U.S. bilateral foreign-aid accounts; funding for the United Nations, World Bank, and other international institutions; and the State Department’s diplomatic duties. The United States’ friends and allies in the developing world now have tangible evidence, in place of vague speculation, of what they had most feared since Donald Trump’s election in November: the withdrawal of the United States from active international leadership in the world.
At current levels, the $30 billion U.S. foreign-aid budget is less than 1 percent of the $3.8 trillion federal budget, though polls show Americans believe it takes up a much larger share. Trump’s proposal, which functions as a blueprint of his vision for the government, would cut U.S. aid funding to a level not seen since the 1970s and 1990s. As such, his budget echoes a mistake that other presidents have made: diminishing the power of U.S. foreign aid at a time when it’s crucial to American interests.
The 1970s and 1990s marked the end of two cycles of war: The Vietnam War ended in 1973 and the Cold War ended as the Soviet Empire collapsed in 1991. In both cases, the national-security imperatives facing the United States changed dramatically overnight, and so did the resources for foreign aid. This follows a well-worn pattern: Whenever foreign threats to America’s vital interests rise, so does foreign spending, and whenever those threats appear to diminish, so do aid budgets.
By the time I was sworn in as U.S. Agency for International Development administrator in May 2001, there were just 1,150 USAID Foreign Service officers—the personnel who manage health, agriculture, education, and disaster-relief programs, among others, in developing countries. By contrast, at the peak of Vietnam, there had been more than 12,000. The aid reductions in the 1990s put the United States at a disadvantage into the 2000s. The circumstances that gave rise to the September 11 attacks, for example—al-Qaeda rose out of several fragile and failing states—were best addressed by experienced aid workers and diplomats. But by the time the attacks happened, precious few were left at USAID or the State Department. The Bush administration began to staff up the Foreign Service in 2003, the year the Iraq War began and the first year since Vietnam that there were more officers than there had been the year before.
The post-September 11 USAID-State Department infrastructure that the Trump budget proposes to dismantle deals with the challenges of small wars and crises, and aims to prevent them from becoming regionalized and internationalized. It was designed to address threats that are short of war, but in wartime necessitate a team of State Department and USAID officers ready to serve on the front lines.
Today, the notion that threats to American national-security interests don’t merit a robust foreign-aid program is preposterous. The spread of infectious diseases, such as Ebola and Zika; the threat of radical Islamist terrorist movements across North Africa, which are destabilizing to our friends and allies; the mass-migration crisis that is changing the face of American and European politics; an aggressive and expansionary Russia that’s preying on weak states, such as Ukraine; and the growing number of fragile and failing states are all direct threats to the national-security interests of the United States.
In public, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has argued that the State Department budget he inherited from the Obama administration was a war budget, and was “unsustainable”—because the United States will be involved in fewer wars in the future, higher aid spending and staffing levels aren’t needed. But how the White House can anticipate future wars is a mystery, as experienced foreign-policy experts over the past century have failed at this task more than they’ve succeeded. Most of the wars of the 20th century, large and small, were not anticipated by anyone, least of all by the U.S. government.
Further complicating the matter, the president has ordered Defense Secretary James Mattis to develop a plan to destroy ISIS. In the unlikely event that it works, and some sort of peace is fashioned in Syria and Iraq, do the United States, Russia, and our allies simply intend to walk away after the military campaign is over and leave behind the wreckage of the war—and the 10.9 million displaced people and refugees to fend for themselves?
In justifying the proposed cuts, the Trump administration has also argued that other wealthy countries should do more. During the campaign and into his early presidency, Trump has made a legitimate point, if inelegantly spoken, that most European states have left their defense to the United States. But using this rationale to explain cuts in the U.S. aid budget makes no sense, because the Europeans, Japanese, and Canadians already contribute much more aid than the United States does. For example, in 2015, the United States ranked 20th out of about 30 donor governments when it came to foreign aid as a percentage of gross domestic product. It is the United States that should be giving more.
The real reason for the proposed aid cuts has to do with American politics. When federal spending must be cut, the least painful reductions politically are in the foreign-affairs budget, because the immediate pain is felt by people who do not vote in American elections. Yet a feast or famine approach to aid spending never lasts very long. When new threats confront the United States abroad, policymakers invariably turn to the State Department and USAID to confront them. Then, the foreign-aid and diplomacy infrastructure has to be rebuilt, a process that cannot happen overnight. All secretaries of defense since the 9/11 attacks have complained that they were fighting in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Pakistan, and against international terrorist groups around the world, without enough diplomats and aid professionals to stand alongside them. During the Iraq War, in 2004, there was an inverse relationship between the density of USAID projects and casualty rates: the more USAID programs in an area, the fewer U.S. combat-troop casualties there were, according U.S. military research. This is why 121 retired generals and admirals wrote to Congress, which will soon be crafting its own budget, urging the cuts be reversed.
It’s also why powerful Republican senators and a few House committee chairmen announced that the proposed aid cuts were, in the words of Senator Lindsey Graham, “dead on arrival.”



ARTICLE
Ever since Devin Nunes’s mysterious announcement of supposed surveillance of Trump transition team members two weeks ago, the story has operated on two levels. The first is why Nunes behaved the way he did—with mysterious cloak-and-dagger maneuvers—and who he got his information from. It now appears that despite rushing to brief President Trump on his news, the GOP chairman of the House Intelligence Committee received his information from the White House in the first place.
The second, and more obscure, concerns the actual material that Nunes had. He was cagey about it, in part because it is apparently classified. He said that Trump transition team members were subject to “incidental collection,” which refers to U.S. persons being caught up in legal surveillance of foreign targets. There was no indication of illegality, but the names Americans who are incidentally collected are typically meant to be redacted, and Nunes said some names were possibly improperly revealed, or “unmasked,” by the Obama administration.
If that is true, who was behind the unmasking? Bloomberg View’s Eli Lake reports one answer Monday:

White House lawyers last month discovered that the former national security adviser Susan Rice requested the identities of U.S. persons in raw intelligence reports on dozens of occasions that connect to the Donald Trump transition and campaign, according to U.S. officials familiar with the matter.

Lake further reports that Rice’s pattern of requesting unmasking was discovered by Trump National Security Council staffer Ezra Cohen-Watnick, whom The New York Times reported last week was one of Nunes’s sources. Cohen-Watnick informed the White House Counsel’s office, Lake reports.
Rice has not commented on the report. It would likely be legal for Rice to request the unmasking—“The standard for senior officials to learn the names of U.S. persons incidentally collected is that it must have some foreign intelligence value, a standard that can apply to almost anything,” Lake notes.
As Lake notes, nothing he—or anyone else—has uncovered lends credence to President Trump’s outlandish and unsupported claim that Obama ordered surveillance of him at Trump Tower prior to the election. Nor does the new story suggest any illegal behavior on Rice’s part. As with each step in the story, this one offers only a small sliver of information. Many experts seem to think the Bloomberg View story does not imply anything improper or unusual. Others withheld judgment, saying there’s simply not enough information to judge.
“In a situation where there’s incidental collection and it appears that they’re discussing U.S. incoming or current officials, it would not be unusual for a national security adviser to try to understand what it is this foreign government is trying to do to manipulate their position against the U.S.,” said Nada Bakos, a former CIA analyst and national-security commentator. “That’s how the game is played.”
Assuming Lake’s story is accurate, why would Rice have wanted to have names unmasked?
One possibility is that Rice was acting in connection with a joint investigation into Russian meddling in the election. The government had already concluded, based on the assessments of multiple intelligence agencies, that Russia was meddling in the election. There were also ongoing investigations into potentially illegal behavior by Trump staffers. Paul Manafort, Trump’s former campaign chairman, was reportedly already being examined for his contacts with Russia, as were other Trump aides, current and former.  
A second possibility is that it was simply the course of business to try to figure out what foreign governments were thinking. If foreign officials were seeking to shape U.S. policy or get a leg up, intercepts could have been useful to the national security adviser, and Rice might have wanted names unmasked to make those intercepts intelligible. It is still not clear whether Trump transition team officials were directly incidentally collected (i.e., they were in conversation with surveillance targets) or indirectly collected (i.e., they were mentioned during conversations between a third party and surveillance targets, and then masked).
Typically, an administration might be able to glean some of this information from communications with the incoming team. But ties were strained between the Obama administration and Trump transition, and both were effectively conducting foreign policy at the same time. That’s unusual—typically, the new administration keeps its head down until January 20—but Trump and his aides were speaking out on a variety of issues.
Trump team members criticized a U.S. vote in the UN Security Council about Israeli settlements. Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn spoke with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak about new sanctions placed on Russia. (These were the conversations about which Flynn lied to Pence, eventually leading to his firing.) The White House might have also been concerned about  Flynn lobbying for the Turkish government without disclosing it. Trump himself committed a serious breach of protocol by speaking on the phone with the president of Taiwan. All of this was happening amid apparently minimal conversation between the incoming and outgoing president.
A third possibility is that Rice was conducting political espionage—affirming Trump’s allegations of a Watergate-style operation. It’s hard to guess to what end she would have been doing that, though, and in any case all reported surveillance occurred after the election, contrary to Trump’s allegations.
Yet Rice’s involvement is good news for the Trump administration, whose allies are already using it to try to vindicate the president’s claim of having been spied on—even if it’s not really the claim that Trump made in the first place. (It helps that Rice is reviled and distrusted by Republicans for her role in the Benghazi flap.)
Even if everything was legal, there’s fodder for the administration’s defenders to claim that Trump officials were spied on. While there’s a certain hypocrisy to GOP politicians suddenly being deeply concerned about incidental collection they shrugged off in the past, the political effects are real. As Washington Post columnist David Ignatius said on Face the Nation on Sunday:

What’s happened this month is that what initially seemed a preposterous argument by Donald Trump, that he had been wiretapped by President Obama illegally, has morphed into an argument about privacy, about proper masking techniques, a very technical, legal issue, and is now accepted, I think, as part of the mainstream set of issues that are going to be debated by the two intelligence committees. And from Trump’s standpoint, that’s, I think you’d have to say, that’s a success. It may be a pyrrhic victory for Nunes, whose credibility, the ability to lead the committee, is radically compromised, but that’s now in the center stage.

Indeed, Nunes still has not explained his strange behavior, nor his apparent prevarication on the source of his information: He claimed the White House was unaware of the information or of his visit to the executive mansion’s grounds the night before he announced, neither of which seems true now. Nunes’s office did not reply to a request for comment on the Rice story. A spokesman for Representative Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said Schiff had no immediate comment.
The political winds may be shifting on this story, or at least blowing in a slightly more favorable direction for the White House. But unless firm evidence of any actual wrongdoing emerges,  these partial revelations, some favorable to the president and some unfavorable, are probably mostly a distraction, or at least a way to while away time, until the real news emerges from the congressional or FBI investigations.



ARTICLE
The Senate Judiciary Committee voted to send Judge Neil Gorsuch’s Supreme Court nomination to the full Senate for a final confirmation vote, but it won’t be easy: Senate Democrats have reached the 41 votes required to filibuster his confirmation, and if they do so, Republicans have hinted that they’ll resort to the so-called “nuclear option”—changing the rules to confirm Gorsuch with just a simple majority vote. President Trump praised Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi’s leadership during a meeting at the White House. A spokesman for the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said that Jared Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law and close adviser, is visiting Iraq “to receive an update on the status of the counter-ISIS campaign in Iraq and Syria.” At least 10 people were killed and 47 were wounded in explosions on a metro in St. Petersburg in what Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev labeled a “terrorist attack.”
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

‘Unmasking’: Bloomberg reports that the former national-security adviser to President Obama, Susan Rice, requested the identities of U.S. citizens included in intelligence reports “that connect to the Donald Trump transition and campaign.” (Eli Lake)
A Tale of Two Nunes: The House Intelligence Committee chairman is at the center of a maelstrom of controversy over President Trump’s wiretapping claims. But in his home district, “his longtime constituents greet Nunes’ difficulties with a shrug, their faith in him undiminished.” (Cathleen Decker, Los Angeles Times)
Welcome to ‘Bernie TV’: Since his presidential campaign, Senator Bernie Sanders has become a “content marketer’s dream,” garnering a viral-level following among 18-34 year olds. Now, that star power will be brought to Facebook Live for Sanders’s own talk show. (Alex Seitz-Wald, NBC) 
America’s Alternate Reality: “If you think the postfactual world is a recent development, then you should see how Hugo Chávez was and is still mourned in Venezuela,” writes Andrés Miguel Rondón. Here’s how his upbringing in Venezuela compares to what he is now witnessing in Trump’s America. (Politico)
Tribalism Spreads to D.C.: Once gridlocked by inter-party disputes, the nation’s capital has now become “schisms within the parties, and in some cases schisms within the schisms.” Gerald F. Seib breaks down the five tribes and where they stand. (The Wall Street Journal)
 
A Winning Mindset: After a disastrous general election, Democrats are hoping to shake things up in the 2018 midterms. There are 30 Republican-held seats they would like to win and nine Democrat-occupied ones they need to protect. View this list to see the “most up-for-grabs” seats. (New York)
After the election, Donald Trump pledged to donate his annual presidential salary to charity. On Monday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer announced that Trump chose to give away his first-quarter salary of $78,333 to the National Park Service to be spent on the upkeep of America’s historic battlefields. Spicer said the president was presented with a number of options before coming to his decision. If you could suggest one option for potential future donations, what would it be—and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Updated at 4:18 p.m. ET
Senate Democrats said Monday they have the required 41 votes to sustain a filibuster against Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch’s confirmation.
Assuming none of the 41 senators change their minds before the final vote later this week, the Senate’s Republican majority will almost certainly invoke the so-called “nuclear option” to rewrite the legislative chamber’s rules and place Gorsuch on the nation’s highest court.
Democrats crossed the fateful threshold during a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing Monday, where senators debated Gorsuch’s nomination ahead of a committee vote. Delaware Senator Chris Coons followed Democratic colleagues Dianne Feinstein and Patrick Leahy in announcing his opposition to letting the nomination advance, becoming the key 41st senator to back the filibuster. “I am not ready to end debate on this issue, so I will be voting against cloture,” Coons told the committee, referring to the formal procedural mechanism to end a filibuster.
Passing legislation or confirming a president’s nominees theoretically requires a simple majority of 50 votes in the Senate. But senators can—and increasingly do—use filibusters held on the floor of the Senate to delay and block final votes. Overcoming a filibuster under current Senate rules requires the assent of 60 senators, making it a potent tool for the minority party to check the majority’s ambitions.
But that threshold can be eliminated by invoking the nuclear option, under which the Senate rewrites its own standing rules in a simple-majority vote. The procedural tactic earned its colloquial name from its sweeping power: Senate Democrats under former Majority Leader Harry Reid invoked it in 2013 to eliminate the 60-vote threshold for virtually all presidential appointments, citing the Republican minority’s unprecedented efforts to block Obama administration nominees. Democrats left the filibuster intact for Supreme Court nominees, however, leading to the current standoff.
Senate Republican leaders, including Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, have already signaled they would go nuclear to place Gorsuch on the Court. If confirmed, the 49-year-old federal appellate judge from Colorado would fill the record 14-month vacancy left by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia in February 2016. His unexpected death gave Barack Obama his third opportunity to nominate a justice to the Supreme Court. In March, he nominated Merrick Garland, the well-respected chief judge of the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals and a relative moderate among the likely Democratic choices for the Court.
Within an hour of Scalia’s death, however, McConnell vowed to not confirm any of Obama’s nominees until after the election later that year. While McConnell cited the then-upcoming presidential contest as a reason not to confirm any Supreme Court nominee, Democrats attacked the unprecedented refusal as nakedly partisan. Confirming any Obama nominee would’ve given the Court’s liberal wing its first five-justice majority since the 1960s—a major shift in the high court’s ideological balance after almost a half-century of conservative dominance. President Trump’s victory in November foreclosed that shift for the immediate future, vindicating McConnell’s blockade.
Contentious battles over Supreme Court nominees have been uncommon historically, but not unheard of. Lyndon Johnson nominated Justice Abe Fortas to replace Earl Warren as the Court’s chief justice in 1968, for example, only to see the nomination flounder amid a bipartisan filibuster over ethics concerns and the Warren Court’s ideological leanings. But where such clashes were once rare, partisan confirmation battles have increasingly become more typical over the past three decades.
At a glance, the recent record might suggest otherwise. Senators approved Scalia, Anthony Kennedy, and Ruth Bader Ginsburg by unanimous or near-unanimous margins between 1986 and 1993 despite their broad ideological differences. But there were acrimonious fights, too. The Democratic-led Senate rejected Ronald Reagan nominee Robert Bork, a prominent legal thinker on the right, in a heated showdown over his philosophical stances in 1987—a defeat conservatives still invoke today. Clarence Thomas, the Court’s second black justice, described his confirmation process in 1991 as a “high-tech lynching” after sexual-harassment allegations nearly derailed his nomination.
The trend accelerated after the Supreme Court resolved the 2000 presidential election, its sharply divided 5-4 vote underscoring how the Court’s ideological balance could change the country. Three of the four justices nominated by George W. Bush and Obama were confirmed with more than 30 senators from the opposing party voting no. Democrats questioned Samuel Alito, who replaced Sandra Day O’Connor, about his views on abortion at length, while Republicans criticized Sonia Sotomayor for once saying a “wise Latina woman” could sometimes make better judicial decisions than a white man without her experiences. Both nominees were confirmed, but the parameters for future warfare were staked out.
Those partisan struggles will likely reach their logical conclusion with the filibuster’s elimination for Supreme Court nominees. Longtime senators often express pride in the Senate’s history as a more collegial and deliberative legislative body than the strongly partisan House. That tradition, at least where the nation’s highest court is concerned, appears to be coming to a close this week.



ARTICLE
Updated on April 4, 2017
President Trump loves Fox & Friends. At 6:24 a.m. on Monday, Trump gushed on Twitter about the “amazing reporting” on the morning talk show. A week earlier he instructed the nation to “watch @foxandfriends now” for their exemplary Russia coverage. He tweeted about the program, hosted by Steve Doocy, Ainsley Earhardt, and Brian Kilmeade, seven times in March alone, and recently brought it up in an interview with Fox News’ Tucker Carlson, telling him cheerfully, “I like that group of three people.”
Even after becoming president, Trump reportedly manages to fill his days with “plenty of television,” and from his tweets, it’s often possible to discern when—and what—he’s watching. In January, Axios broke down the president’s media diet:

Most mornings, Trump flicks on the TV and watches "Morning Joe," often for long periods of time, sometimes interrupted with texts to the hosts or panelists. After the 6 a.m. hour of "Joe," he's often on to "Fox & Friends" by 7 a.m., with a little CNN before or after. He also catches the Sunday shows, especially "Meet the Press." "The shows," as he calls them, often provoke his tweets. The day of our interview with him, all of his tweet topics were discussed during the first two hours of "Morning Joe.”

Based on their breakdown and this visual guide made by The Washington Post, Trump watches an average of five hours of television every day. That’s almost the same amount the average American aged 50-64 watches daily, according to Nielsen. Trump’s habits don’t quite match up with those of his cohort—Americans in Trump’s age bracket (65+) watch roughly seven hours of TV a day. But many of them are retired, and Trump is the president of the United States. No former president seems to have spent this much time glued to his television set.
For most of America’s recent commanders-in-chief, watching a little TV was a brief break from politics and criticism, a welcome respite from the pressures of the job, or a chance to feel normal. But none consumed as much television as Trump, or reacted as quickly or directly to what they were seeing. Things haven’t gone smoothly for Trump during his first 70 days in office, so perhaps it’s an escape for him, too—a way for him to return to the role he used to play in American politics: that of watcher and critic.
But “it’s a real problem to have a president that has that kind of obsession,” said Russell Riley, a presidential scholar at University of Virginia Miller Center. “The most valuable commodity in Washington is the president’s time, bar nothing. A president who elects to invest a lot of his time in tracking his own media coverage is, to some extent, debasing his own currency.”
During their presidencies, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, and Barack Obama were “besieged by media criticism,” Riley said. Instead of watching the talking heads, they preferred to use television as an escape. “The media tends to be mainly incumbent unfriendly, and that’s the role of media in a democratic society, to be oppositionist,” Riley said. “They understood that part of being presidential was having thick skin and ignoring what was going on.”
Not so for Trump. The president has brought his campaign-trail feud with the media to the White House, continuing to watch the political pundits on television, responding with praise for some and insults for others. Aides have reportedly attempted to minimize Trump’s TV-watching, but, so far, it hasn’t worked. “He was elected because he was a reality TV star,” Riley told me. “It is a bit less surprising, then, that he would have a hard time tearing himself away.” MSNBC and Fox News are cashing in on Trump’s viewing habits, reportedly hiking up ad rates in February “as companies and outside groups try to influence Trump and his top lieutenants” through ads on his favorite networks.
During the 2016 presidential campaign, multiple stories were published comparing Trump and former President Ronald Reagan: Both worked in the entertainment business, and both were initially seen as political outsiders with a long shot at the presidency. As president, Reagan, too, would show up to work in the Oval Office around 9 a.m., relatively late for White House standards, and on a normal day, he’d clock out promptly at 5 p.m. But after returning to the residence, the Gipper filled his free time in very different ways.
News was different then: There were only a handful of networks, and news programs only lasted about 30 minutes, but Reagan would fit in about an hour of television on a normal day. Reagan biographer Craig Shirley told me the president would occasionally have guests over for movie-watching parties, too. (Shirley said Reagan once held a small viewing party to watch An Officer and a Gentleman and was traumatized by the amount of “gratuitous sex.”)
Mainly, Reagan was a reader. “He literally invented Tom Clancy,” Shirley told me, adding that The Hunt for Red October, Clancy’s breakout novel, became successful “really just because Reagan happened to be reading it.” The president also kept a daily diary and sent handwritten letters to colleagues and constituents nearly every day. “I think Reagan was far more intellectually curious than Trump. He was far more of an intellectual conservative,” Shirley said. “[He] not only read things, he retained them. He could recite poems from memory.”
The 41st president wasn’t a big TV-watcher either. George H. W. Bush would rise at around 6 a.m. and start reading the papers. Unlike Reagan, he’d hold his daily meetings pretty early, around 7:30 a.m.
“He was a diligent worker with no fixed ‘r and r’, no fixed exercise schedule, even though he was active,” said Ed Rogers, a former deputy assistant to Bush. It was the early days of CNN, and Bush liked the evening broadcast. Americans were transfixed by television coverage of the Gulf War, and it was always on in White House offices. Bush liked to watch, but he didn’t have patience to watch for long periods of time. There were “very few of those discretionary, sit at home and take your shoes off kind of evenings,” Rogers said. “Bush was energetic and didn’t long for more idle time.”
Since the development of cable news, the television sets positioned in hallways and offices throughout the White House have all been tuned to a 24-hour news channel, like Fox or CNN. “There’s a sort of background hum of television all the time,” Riley said. But America’s next three presidents mostly tuned in for one thing: sports.
Clinton’s TV-watching was “idiosyncratic and episodic,” Riley told me. He loved college basketball and football. In an interview with the Miller Center, Bernard Nussbaum, who served as Clinton’s White House Counsel, recounted the night the president was supposed to ask D.C. Circuit Judge Ruth Bader Ginsburg to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court:

He said, ‘Yes, yes, okay, we’ll appoint her.’ I said ‘Good. Why don’t you give her a call?’ He said, ‘I can’t do that.’ This was in the afternoon, I think, if I have it right. ‘I’ve got some friends coming over, I’ve got to watch the [basketball] game on television.’ I said, ‘What time does [it] start?’* He said, ‘No, I’ve got these friends. I’ll do it later.’ I said, ‘You should really call her up.’ He said, ‘I’ll call her, I’ll call her, but I can’t do it now. I’ll do it later.’ I say, ‘What time is the game over?’ I’m in my office on a Sunday, he’s in the residence with his friends and everything. He said, ‘We’re going to have dinner, the game will be over around 11 o’clock at night or midnight.’ I said, ‘Oh God.’

After the game ended—sometime between 11 and midnight—Clinton appointed Ginsburg, who would later be confirmed as the Supreme Court’s second female justice.
Former presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama also preferred using their free time to watch sports. In January 2002, Bush famously lost consciousness after choking on a pretzel in the White House residence while watching the Baltimore Ravens playing the Miami Dolphins on TV. Obama said he always watched ESPN’s SportsCenter while working out, and once told Disney chairman Bob Iger that he hoped to someday host SportsCenter’s “Top 10 List.”
The president with television-watching habits most similar to Trump’s is probably Lyndon B. Johnson, who famously installed three television sets in the Oval Office so he could see what the three major networks were saying about him on the evening news. “LBJ had a Texas-sized ego in a way that Trump has a New York-Manhattan-sized ego,” Riley said. “There’s a certain parallel in their sensing the universe tends to revolve around them.”
The difference is, Johnson would only need to turn on the television for 15 to 30 minutes every evening to consume the day’s news and see all the coverage of his administration. The ritual wasn’t “terribly intrusive,” Riley said, and didn’t distract from the president’s day-to-day work. Today’s 24-hour news cycle, in which the day’s developments are rehashed on cable shows and Twitter all night long, requires much more time to follow.
America’s recent commanders-in-chief didn’t attempt to keep up. They knew “there were more important things for a president to do than watching television,” Riley said. “What I’m hearing is this is not a lesson that President Trump has yet come by.”
*This article has been updated to remove specific mention of University of Arkansas's basketball team; after publication, Russell Riley clarified that Bernard Nussbaum misremembered the game in question.



ARTICLE
Last month, the long-running debate about cultural appropriation was rekindled when several protests over a painting at the Whitney Museum made national headlines. “Open Casket” depicted the body of Emmett Till, whose 1955 lynching helped galvanize the Civil Rights Movement. The artist, Dana Schutz, says the inspiration for the painting of the murdered 14-year-old came from listening to interviews with his mother, who displayed her late son's body during his funeral to "let the people see." Detractors argued that a white woman ought not render such a subject. And a petition called for the painting to be removed from the exhibit and destroyed.
As debate raged, I asked Jonathan Blanks, a researcher at the Cato Institute's Project on Criminal Justice, if he would correspond with me about what constitutes cultural appropriation, whether engaging in it is wrong, and his frustration with the way some on the right exploit the backlash against cultural-appropriation claims.
This is a lightly edited transcript of our conversation.
Conor Friedersdorf: As soon as I read about the protests at the Whitney Museum my heart sank, not because I'd deny Parker Bright the ability to stand near a painting of Emmett Till while wearing a “Black Death Spectacle” t-shirt, or cast him as a villain, but because of the objection, articulated by fellow protester Hannah Black, a black artist from Britain, that a white artist has no right to paint a lynching victim.
You and I share a professional interest in policing abuses, as well as civil liberties abrogations that affect Muslim Americans and Hispanics. A typical article of mine might highlight that innocent black people were routinely stopped and frisked on the streets of New York City; that innocent Muslim American students had their private gatherings spied upon by undercover agents; or that people born in this country were coerced to "show their papers" like second-class citizens as they went about their daily lives.
In my experience, one obstacle to stopping those injustices is the unfortunate human tendency to conceive of even sympathetic victims from a different racial or ethnic group as "bad stuff happening to them," not "bad stuff happening to us." Even folks who don't want bad stuff to happen to anyone react with less focus and urgency when an "other" is the victim. No one wants any child to be kidnapped, but the little blond girl leads the local news; her black analog might not make the newscast.
The artist who painted Open Casket was trying to bridge the gulf between “us” and “them.” She began with the general attitude that bygone travesties against a racial group to which she doesn't belong were properly of concern to her. And in this particular, she achieved a measure of empathy. “I don’t know what it is like to be black in America, but I do know what it is like to be a mother," she said, explaining her desire to engage with the loss of Emmett Till's mother. "In her sorrow and rage," she wrote, "she wanted her son’s death not just to be her pain but America’s pain.”
I have no opinion about the quality of her painting. But I want more Americans to undertake the sorts of efforts that she did.
When I lived in New York, I got to know Richard Rabinowitz, who curated Slavery in New York, the New-York Historical Society exhibit that exposed ties between enslaved African labor and New York City's wealth. Its narrative surprised many patrons, who conceived of slavery as a Southern sin and never imagined their city, more than many others, was built with wealth from that "peculiar institution." Prior to its opening, Rabinowitz thought the show might be controversial, whether for that reason or because of something he experienced while doing a project on a related topic in Charleston, South Carolina. An African American man, upset by the idea of a white man rendering painful moments in black history, told Rabinowitz, "It's a violation of my human rights to have someone like you telling this story."
The New York exhibit wasn’t ultimately controversial. African American attendees raved. One delighted Rabinowitz by saying that when she next stood on Wall Street she'd know her ancestors built a lot more of the city than she'd imagined. But the curator said he would have stood by his material even if someone had reacted differently. "These aren't genetic issues, they're cultural issues, so I don't feel ashamed for any of it," he said. "I wasn't there. You weren't either. And we're all obligated to use our talents for the good of others, whether our great-grandfather was a Russian immigrant, a slave, or a Southern plantation owner with 5,000 slaves.”
I think he had it right.
Slavery and white supremacy are parts of American history, and white people are no less obligated than black people to engage with them as best they can. To call such engagement cultural appropriation implies a racial essentialism that is the enemy of empathy. And do we really want to risk discouraging a white musician from writing the next “Hurricane,” a white radio producer from reporting the next “Serial,” or a white screenwriter from creating the next The Wire? The wrong incentive structure risks nixing work that could draw attention to an injustice or dramatize systemic racism or get an incarcerated man a new trial for fear of “cultural appropriation.”
All that is to say that I had a negative reaction to the critique. On Twitter, you reacted differently. You expressed disagreement with the activists who are targeting “Open Casket.” But you seemed as frustrated by the way right-leaning folks in digital journalism and social media tend to cover cultural appropriation charges.
I'm eager to hear your thoughts and concerns.
Jonathan Blanks: Too often, I think what a cultural-appropriation argument boils down to is a misapplication of voice and representation. What I mean is that some person or group of people—here, a handful of black artists and activists—is made to represent a much broader spectrum of people; black people, or black liberals perhaps. I am not in any way keyed-into the art world or familiar with any of the artists involved on either side of this debate, but I'm not aware of many black people in my social networks feeling strongly about the painting one way or the other.
The first I heard of this particular issue was when our mutual friend Michael Moynihan shared Ms. Black's facebook post:

This is complete lunacy. A petition by an artist, signed by artists demanding the Whitney *destroy* a painting https://t.co/aWOB1chUX4
— Michael C Moynihan (@mcmoynihan) March 20, 2017
I agreed that for an artist to call for a museum to destroy a piece of art was over-the-top, even preposterous. Whatever the merits of her criticisms of the piece, the artist, or the Whitney for displaying it, calling for the destruction of art would be akin to you, me, or Michael calling for books we find offensive to be burned. As writers, book burning is anathema to the values we hold dear, namely free thought and expression.
I didn't share the tweet because I was not aware Ms. Black was a voice that needed to (or, in this case, should) be amplified. Until the New York Times piece about the protest, I just assumed this was a small group of people on the Internet making much ado about nothing. Now that a few more prominent liberals have taken up the cause, it has gained more traction; but that people are arguing about art is not something I can get worked up about. Indeed, isn't that half the point of subjective works?
But my white, right-of-center social media feeds are regularly choked with blithe dismissals of cultural appropriation, as if there is never cause for a reasonable person to be upset when aspects of a culture––or perceived aspects of a culture––are adopted, co-opted, bastardized, or lampooned by white Americans, collectively or individually.
Perhaps the quintessential example of the appropriative phenomenon is non-black people donning blackface. Slate's Jamelle Bouie and others call October "Blackface Advent," the annual ritual of non-black people making fools of themselves for a laugh at a costume party at black people's expense. Whether it's cooning minstrelsy and making fun of Black Lives Matter or white kids dressing up like Kanye and Beyonce, it's offensive to a large swath of people, and to many black people particularly.
This isn't about a white artist trying to contribute to the understanding and pain of a long national history of crime and violence. This is a cultural diss that is a common and vivid reminder that our humanity is not respected on a very deep level by a large number of people in this country. It's not always so blatant, of course. White people switching to an exaggerated black vernacular to say "Whazzup my brotha?" or some other imitative nonsense is something I've encountered countless times in my life. There's nothing wrong with adopting terms like "whazzup?" as they come into (white) pop culture through various media, but there's a difference between the natural assimilation of language and black imitation as some sort of caricature.
As far as artists are concerned, whether it's Ms. Schutz's Open Casket or Mr. Rabinowitz's slavery exhibit, risk is inherent to what they do. There will always be critics and there will always be unfair criticism. I cannot make that go away, and there isn't a way to make it go away. Slavery is America's Original Sin, and the racism that evolved to perpetuate it is an inextricable part of our social fabric. Whenever any artist tries to confront that, they inherently invite expressions of the often chaotic, almost inarticulable pain that exists as a part of black experience in America. I think the artist must deal with the resulting legitimate criticism and dismiss the illegitimate criticism as they come. The key is knowing enough about your subject in the first place to distinguish between the two. Too many people on the right seem to dismiss all cultural appropriation claims as a matter of course, and then seize on stories like this one to reaffirm their belief that appropriation is a non-issue. Consequently, this diminishes the pain members of a culture feel while signaling to one another that they have disproved yet another minority/liberal shibboleth. It's a bad look.
Conor Friedersdorf: You're right that every year, there are new stories of young white people (some ignorant, others malign) donning blackface or otherwise caricaturing black people (or Mexicans or Asian Americans). That sort of behavior is a dehumanizing cultural diss, and there is a strain of commentary on the ideological right that blithely dismisses even the most staid complaints about such incidents. Precisely because black face and its analogs are so often a sign that someone's humanity is being disrespected, I agree with the liberal consensus against it.
But it seems to me that blackface isn't the quintessential example of the appropriative phenomenon. It is wrongheaded and worthy of stigma––but it isn't cultural appropriation.
A Korean food truck owner who puts beef bulgogi in a burrito is appropriating Mexican culinary culture. A Malaysian housewife who rents a kimono while on holiday in Kyoto is appropriating traditional Japanese dress. A Canadian who writes a novel inspired by Cervantes is appropriating Spanish literary culture. An Irish American who sings opera for a living benefits from the world's appropriation of an Italian art.
But a white college student who dons blackface is … not engaging at all with African American culture. He or she is just caricaturing the physical features of another race. The act is offensive partly because it is reducing people to the color of their skin.
Imagine a black woman who invites her white boyfriend to travel to her hometown to meet her family. "I want to show you the culture where I came from," she says. That might mean any number of things. She might introduce her white boyfriend to old family recipes, or a service at a historically black church, or the jazz instruments her grandpa played, or stories about an aunt's role in the Civil Rights movement. There's no scenario where she says, "We're going to put this dark makeup on you now."
You rightly complained about social media feeds where right-of-center white folks act like "there is never cause for a reasonable person to be upset when aspects of a culture––or perceived aspects of a culture––are adopted, co-opted, bastardized, or lampooned." I think it is often reasonable to be upset at one's culture being lampooned.
What I am averse to are claims that merely having one's culture adopted is inherently objectionable, especially when there is no underlying animus, or diss, or dehumanization. It isn't that I dismiss any umbrage taken by those who say they are angry about cultural appropriation. It's just that nearly every time I concur that something wrongheaded happened, I perceive that the culprit is a distinct transgression.
If I'm right––I trust you'll push back if you think I've got anything wrong––using "cultural appropriation" as shorthand for all these controversies produces two pernicious trends.
I think both errors impose costs worth avoiding.
And while I am not ready to say that nothing objectionable is ever accurately described as "cultural appropriation," I suspect that, on the whole, abandoning that shorthand would enhance clarity, lead to better critiques, and minimize category errors.
Now, there are writers and digital journalism outlets that seek out the least persuasive complaints about cultural appropriation, mock them with animus, proceed as if they've proved that no complaint so characterized is ever legitimate, and thereby portray minority communities with legitimate grievances as malign cry-bullies or  race-baiters. It's a cynical, ugly, and profitable model. Despite the distinctions I've drawn––and again, I trust you'll parse them and push back or add nuance or take exception wherever you think I've gone wrong––I too grow frustrated by the iterations of that model that I see on various right-leaning social media feeds.
For folks loath to fuel that ecosystem, but convinced that wrongheaded ideas about cultural appropriation are doing harm (and growing in influence, even if they are not yet mainstream), what pitfalls would you urge taking care to avoid when contesting them?
Jonathan Blanks: In your last email, you said that my blackface example wasn’t appropriation, but I think there are larger issues involved and, from that broader vantage point, I think both your sushi counter protests and my offensive costumes intersect.
I understand a frustration with the language in these debates and conversations. I’m not a linguist, but it seems to me that terms like “cultural appropriation,” “white privilege,” “microaggressions,” and many others have been attempts to improve upon the language that we use to discuss the manifestations of cultural conflict on both collective and individual levels. For years, the mainstream recognized “racism,” a concept seemingly basic and straightforward. But racism is, in fact, an over-broad term that can describe a clutched purse on an elevator, a lynching, segregation, obstacles to employment, and countless other examples in between.
The more nuanced terms, associated with “Social Justice Warriors”—“SJW” having become a pejorative among many on the right—are tools to specify wrongs or perceived wrongs, but those terms also frequently turn-off “anti-SJW” types that you and I find often in our social media and professional circles. The result is both SJWs and anti-SJWs talking past one another before they retreat to their respective echo chambers to kvetch about their opposites until the next controversy gets picked up in the media. The words they use may change, but the underlying conflicts endure.
The terms are less important to me than what they attempt to describe. At bottom, stripped of particular circumstances, what these arguments tend to come down to is a given grievance on a semi-collective level (cultural, ethnic, racial, or other minority) and whether that grievance is justified, right?  The key to the argument, then, is determining how legitimate the complaints are and how might they be reflective of broader problems in the dominant society––and what, if anything, to do with or about that reflection. A lot of that has to do with the competence and the authenticity of the person who is alleged to be intruding upon another’s traditional cultural space.
A sushi bar by itself isn’t worth protesting, but serving fried chicken and watermelon to celebrate MLK Day is probably worth raising a voice of dissent. Many people look at the Cleveland Indians’ Chief Wahoo mascot and see a racist caricature, which I assume you would not consider appropriative, but is that so different from the obnoxious “Tomahawk Chop” at Atlanta Braves games that is an imitation of a Native American war chant? And it seems like once every few months a white person is put “in yellow face” in a photo shoot or a major motion picture, effectively erasing Asians from popular expressions of their art and cultures. Most of the people who perpetrate or participate in these spectacles presumably hold no animus toward the cultures and traditions they use in their business, art, or sport, yet I think the people who feel affronted by these decisions have good reason to speak out against them. Whether or not these are considered appropriations, they are demeaning expressions of other cultures or ethnicities that are fair targets of criticism.
But putting the complainants of appropriation aside for a moment, we should also consider the flip-side to the interactions. The fear you mentioned about the white man creating the slavery exhibit in New York touches on an underappreciated aspect of the debate: white fear and defensiveness about what they can or cannot say and do for fear of race-related stress. Professor Robin DiAngelo has dubbed this “white fragility”—the difficulty many whites have with minority critiques or criticism of themselves or the dominant white American culture.
Not too long ago, a public policy writer came to me worried about potential black backlash to her writing. She was earnest in her efforts to explain race-related epiphenomena in some data she had, but lamented potential negative reactions by black people that would make the piece “not worth it” because she feared for her career.  What she wanted to write was not at all racist (or anything that a person would think would reflect poorly on black people), but she was so terrified of even touching race as a subject matter that she considered scrapping the piece of writing entirely.
I don’t think her professional worries were well-founded, but I think she was right to be careful when she talks about racial issues from her particular perspective. Too often, commentators get caught up in their ideological priors or personal life experiences and apply them as if everyone approaches a given problem from a similar perspective.
A rather tame example: when Governor Mitt Romney was on the 2012 campaign trail he encouraged students to “take risks” and “borrow money if you have to from your parents” to start a business. More than a few Americans grew up as or knowing kids working in high school who ‘had to’ give money to help out their parents. The idea that one can just hit up parents for $10,000 to start a new business is a blindness to circumstance that is amplified when race and culture come into play. What strikes the speaker as rational or taken for granted can come off as ignorant, out of touch, or even bigoted.  
In the broadest sense, these conflicts represent the “marketplace of ideas” that free speech advocates, especially those friendly to free markets, use to support their cause. The Internet is the most democratizing force introduced in my lifetime, giving a voice to hundreds of millions of Americans, and billions of others around the globe, making that marketplace almost unfathomably vast. No one said that marketplace was going to be pretty, organized, or done in accordance to Robert’s Rules of Order.  Yet, when these conflicts come up, members of the dominant culture tend to blame the language and divisiveness on the critics, rather than engage with the criticisms as they come. (e.g., “Black Lives Matter” vs. “All Lives Matter.”)
College campuses, overflowing with self-righteous 20-somethings of clashing backgrounds, and the internet, overflowing with people confident in their own avatars to say what’s really on their minds, are home to the worst purveyors of the conflicts we’ve been discussing. Thankfully, most real world sushi counters are not overrun with protestors and entire cities like San Francisco are home to some of the best fusion food available. We still buy products from all over the world and many aspects of other cultures are at our fingertips and in our pockets for us to explore. That’s a good thing.
Cultural conflicts are going to continue as demographics shift and old ways of doing and speaking change. Thus has our country always been and, one hopes, it will continue to be.  
Conor Friedersdorf: The counsel to value rather than lament these conflicts is wise. What’s more, you're absolutely right that "demeaning expressions of other cultures or ethnicities" are fair targets of criticism; and that terms like “white privilege,” “microaggressions,” and “cultural appropriation” began as attempts to better describe real inequities. Indeed, the earliest incarnations and smartest invocations of them often strike me as straightforwardly valuable. For example, if designing a college curriculum, I would enthusiastically include Peggy McIntosh's insightful 1989 essay, "White Privilege: Unpacking the Invisible Knapsack," as well as Jamelle Bouie's widely and justly praised blog post "What Does It Mean to Be Privileged."
Alas, the smartest, most precise invocations of a term don't determine its overall effect. And I worry that, on balance, importing obscure academic concepts into mass conversations about identity make them much less accessible and more alienating to the vast majority of America. Even at selective colleges, where social justice jargon is taught in the curriculum and used in residential life, I can't tell you how many times I've talked to students who use the same term... but assume very different meanings. If the choice were really between, e.g., "that costume is racist" and "that costume is cultural appropriation," I would agree with you that the latter conveys some additional information. But isn't "that costume draws on pernicious stereotypes" better still?
I agree that getting to the bottom of things is what's most important. And you're right to see a risk of pedantry that puts unreasonable burdens on those protesting the status quo.
Even your example is apt.
Anyone who doesn't see that the Black Lives Matter movement is saying, "black lives matter, too," is either playing dumb or so uncharitable it verges on animus. At the same time, to treat anti-racism and other efforts to oppose bigotry or injustice as truly important is to strive for precision in thought and language. To tweak your words, the terms are important to me insofar as they obscure or clarify the matter at hand.
Orwell warned, "the slovenliness of our language makes it easier for us to have foolish thoughts."
To quote a bit more:

If you use ready-made phrases, you not only don't have to hunt about for the words... you save much mental effort, at the cost of leaving your meaning vague, not only for your reader but for yourself... They will construct your sentences for you — even think your thoughts for you, to a certain extent — and at need they will perform the important service of partially concealing your meaning even from yourself. It is at this point that the special connection between politics and the debasement of language becomes clear.

I think at bottom we're mostly in agreement. We both perceive a responsibility to listen to grievances that are expressed and to understand their core as fully as possible.
And we agree that there is no shortcut around the hard work of "determining how legitimate the complaints are and how might they be reflective of broader problems in the dominant society and what, if anything, to do about that reflection." When critiques of "social justice" frameworks or jargon are marshaled to evade that hard work, or used as a pretext to reflexively discredit or dismiss a grievance or group, I join you in calling foul. I only wish it were easier to agree on when that is happening. But perhaps I've erred, or you want to add something? The last word is all yours.
Jonathan Blanks: While I think that we do agree at the end of the day on the responsibility to address grievances as they come, there is probably a significant amount of distance between where each of us would draw the line between reasonable and unreasonable complaints. Going further, though, I think we have a fundamental disagreement about the responsibility of commentators and activists to cater to the feelings of the people who offend them. You wrote, “I worry that, on balance, importing obscure academic concepts into mass media conversations about identity make them much less accessible and more alienating to the vast majority of America.” This statement assumes a lot that I don’t think is necessarily true. In addition, and somewhat related, the statement has distinct echoes of anti-backlash messages that have little resonance with activists and more militant commentators.
First, your statement assumes at least two questionable premises:
1) That the purpose of a complaint is persuasion and
2) That the target of that persuasion is the (presumably somewhat hostile or otherwise unconvinced) white majority. Particularly when dealing with issues of personal, ethnic, or cultural offense that do not rise to the level of legal or other governmental intervention, the complaint may just be a sincere acknowledgment of a cultural trespass.
Like, if you step on my foot on the subway, I don’t need to bring the police into the situation or convince everyone in the subway car that you wronged me. A simple “my bad” will probably suffice. If you accidentally swing your backpack and hit my elderly grandmother in the face, an apology somewhat more than a perfunctory mea culpa is probably in order. If you get robbed by a black guy and yell “fucking nigger!” as he jumps off the car with your wallet, then you probably need to make a more public apology, even in spite of your own legitimate grievance. Acknowledgment is the key, and the appropriate response depends on the underlying offense.
To the backlash point, it is a perspective that is hard to take seriously from a minority point of view, particularly for black Americans, because it’s been around as long as black people have complained about maltreatment on this continent. Tempering complaints, pacifying language, or modifying attitudes in order to better sate the worries, fears, or general feelings of the white majority is a cousin of “be patient and it will get better.”
If activists just waited it out, nothing would change. As Frederick Douglass said, "Power concedes nothing without a demand." Thus, the anti-backlash argument is unlikely to go very far with anyone not already in the business of soft persuasion.
Like any group working toward a goal, different people play different roles. While I can’t say “never,” I’m not usually out in the streets, chanting and holding signs in protest. My work and commentary tend to be more along what you’re asking for: less aggressive, bordering on the dispassionate, policy-focused arguments. That’s my role.
But there’s also a role for the activists, who galvanize people to build support and coalitions within their communities, and many of them don’t care what the “vast majority of America” thinks. It’s neither their job nor their desire. They understand that politics is not about unanimity and that disruption without consensus can still bring social change. Cultural change is messy, and there is not much we can do about that. But the next time someone complains about appropriation or some other perceived slight, perhaps the best response is just, “Oh, I didn’t mean to offend. I’m sorry.”
Thank you so much for hosting this exchange. It was a pleasure.



ARTICLE
The U.S. Supreme Court receives thousands of appeals from the nation’s lower courts each year. It declines to hear almost all of them. But for Justice Clarence Thomas, one of those rejected cases earlier this month gave him the chance to challenge a widely criticized police practice: civil forfeiture.
Leonard v. Texas reached the Court after Lisa Leonard sought to overturn Texas’s seizure of roughly $200,000 in cash from a safe in her son’s car. In 2013, Liberty County police officers pulled him and his girlfriend over along what the state described as a “known drug corridor,” a law-enforcement term that can be applied to most major interstate highways. Officers seized the money and argued in local courts that the state could keep it, alleging it was likely the profits from drug sales.
Leonard, an IRS officer, said the cash was hers, denied it was related to any drug sales, and told the courts it constituted the proceeds from the recent sale of a house she’d owned in Pennsylvania. A bill of sale for the property had been found alongside the cash in the safe. Leonard testified that she started storing her money in safes after the stock market crashed in 2008, and that her son was bringing the money to Texas so she could buy him and his girlfriend a house there. The Texas courts sided with police, who only had to prove that a “preponderance of the evidence” showed the money was tied to drug activity.
Leonard asked the Supreme Court to overturn their decisions on due-process grounds. Because Leonard hadn’t raised that claim in the state courts during her initial appeal, Thomas agreed with his colleagues’ decision to decline review of it at their stage of the legal process. But he also sent a clear signal that he’d like to revisit the issue in the future. “Whether this Court’s treatment of the broad modern forfeiture practice can be justified by the narrow historical one is certainly worthy of consideration in greater detail,” he concluded.
Thomas isn’t the only one to question civil forfeiture in recent years. The practice allows law-enforcement agencies to seize cash, assets, and property from people suspected of criminal activity. While forms of the practice have existed since the country’s founding, a history Thomas himself acknowledged, state and federal agencies dramatically expanded its usage in the last 30 years during the war on drugs. That’s come with lucrative benefits for the agencies conducting the seizures, since many of them are able to keep the proceeds of what they take.
“This system—where police can seize property with limited judicial oversight and retain it for their own use—has led to egregious and well-chronicled abuses,” Thomas wrote in his statement. He cited a New Yorker article on a small Texas town where police and prosecutors collaborate to seize cash and goods from out-of-town motorists passing through, then split the proceeds between themselves. “These forfeiture operations frequently target the poor and other groups least able to defend their interests in forfeiture proceedings,” he noted.
Law-enforcement agencies often defend forfeiture as a valuable tool when tackling drug cartels and white-collar criminals. But forfeiture’s critics often echo Thomas’s concern that ordinary people, not the El Chapos and Bernie Madoffs of the world, are far more likely to be dispossessed by the process. Even among the consensus issues of liberal and conservative criminal-justice reformers, it stands out as a common villain. A report by the Heritage Foundation, one of the right’s most influential think tanks, concluded in 2015 that forfeiture laws are “in serious need of reform.” The American Civil Liberties Union has long contended that modern forfeiture violates the Constitution’s due-process protections, as Leonard argued.
Federal watchdogs have also challenged the government’s forfeiture practices. The Justice Department’s Office of the Inspector General released a report Wednesday on its investigation into the department’s forfeiture programs, which have brought in about $28 billion over the last decade. It focused on seizures by the Drug Enforcement Agency, which accounts for about 80 percent of the Justice Department’s total haul. Civil forfeiture can be profitable for the agency: The report said the DEA has seized roughly $4.15 billion in cash alone since 2007. (Other assets like cars and property weren’t counted, and they can bring in even larger sums.)
Because the federal government doesn’t keep data collections on its forfeiture programs for further study, the report instead examined a sample of 100 cases to discern any trends. It also excluded cases where agency officials didn’t find drugs or obtain a warrant to focus on encounters with lessened criminal suspicion. Of those 100 cases, 85 of them took place at transit hubs—airports, bus and train stations, and so on. That’s a large share, but not a surprising one: My colleague Conor Friedersdorf reported in 2015 on how targeting travelers is a common DEA practice.
What’s eye-opening about the Inspector General’s findings is how many of the seizures weren’t connected to any larger policing purpose. The report says the DEA only verified that 44 of the seizures had been tied to ongoing investigations or had led to new investigations, arrests, or prosecutions. In other words, more than half of the total seizures didn’t further any law-enforcement efforts. And for the large subset that took place at transit hubs, where the stops are more likely to be indiscriminate, a whopping two-thirds of seizures didn’t appear to benefit any investigations.
Unsurprisingly, the Inspector General’s office wasn’t thrilled by these findings. “When seizure and administrative forfeitures do not ultimately advance an investigation or prosecution, law enforcement creates the appearance, and risks the reality, that it is more interested in seizing and forfeiting cash than advancing an investigation or prosecution,” the report said sternly.
As a remedy, the report’s conclusion focused on policy and training issues: Inadequate guidance led to this problem, it suggested, and better guidance can fix it. But forfeiture skeptics tend to see deeper issues at work than can be solved by the crafting of intra-agency policies. Thomas, for example, raised concerns about the Supreme Court’s own precedents on the subject, which determine the legal thresholds that must be met before federal and state law-enforcement agencies can seize a person’s cash and assets.
“Partially as a result of this distinct legal regime, civil forfeiture has in recent decades become widespread and highly profitable,” he wrote, citing critical reports by the Institute of Justice, a libertarian nonprofit law firm. “And because the law-enforcement entity responsible for seizing the property often keeps it, these entities have strong incentives to pursue forfeiture.”
Thomas didn’t explicitly state earlier this month that he would vote to limit forfeiture’s scope. But he and other Supreme Court justices occasionally craft their concurrences and dissents as a sort of flare gun to catch lawyers’ attention on an issue. Justice Stephen Breyer, for example, has frequently written dissents in recent years urging his colleagues to revisit the constitutionality of the death penalty. In a concurrence two years ago, Justice Anthony Kennedy all but demanded the legal community bring a case before the Court to address solitary confinement.
Accordingly, Thomas strongly signaled that he thinks the long-standing deference to law-enforcement agencies is untenable. “In the absence of this historical practice, the Constitution presumably would require the Court to align its distinct doctrine governing civil forfeiture with its doctrines governing other forms of punitive state action and property deprivation,” he surmised. He left unsaid that such a realignment would almost certainly narrow forfeiture’s scope.
The justice’s discomfort with forfeiture has built slowly since his early tenure. In 1993, two years after he joined the Court, he noted in a partial concurrence in U.S. v. James Daniel Good Real Property that he was “disturbed by the breadth of new civil-forfeiture statutes.” He and the other justices ruled in favor of the plaintiff, James Good, whose home in Hawaii had been seized by federal marshals without notice or legal proceedings almost five years after he’d completed a prison sentence for drug possession.
Three years after that decision, the Court ruled against a woman whose car was seized by Detroit police after her husband had sex with a prostitute in it without his wife’s knowledge. In his majority opinion in Bennis v. Michigan, then-Chief Justice William Rehnquist cited a “long and unbroken line of cases” in which the courts held that ignorance of one’s property’s use in a crime isn’t a defense against its seizure. The first precedent he cited, an admiralty case from 1827, dealt with the seizure of a ship engaged in privateering against the king of Spain—a slightly different set of circumstances than Tina Bennis’s plight.
Thomas joined Rehnquist’s opinion because of the Court’s past rulings, but wrote a separate concurrence that a casual observer could have mistaken for a dissent. “One unaware of the history of forfeiture laws and 200 years of this Court’s precedent regarding such laws might well assume that such a scheme is lawless—a violation of due process,” he wrote. While he ultimately deferred to the Court’s precedents, he also observed the case was “ultimately a reminder that the federal Constitution does not prohibit everything that is intensely undesirable.”
And he concluded, presciently, by warning of perils to come. “Improperly used,” Thomas observed, “forfeiture could become more like a roulette wheel employed to raise revenue from innocent but hapless owners whose property is unforeseeably misused, or a tool wielded to punish those who associate with criminals, than a component of a system of justice.”




ARTICLE
For years, sentinels guarding the Tomb of the Unknowns at Arlington National Cemetery voluntarily had their lives defined by four constant and silent witnesses: the Unknown of World War I, the Unknown of World War II, the Unknown of the Korean War, and the Unknown of the Vietnam War. Until 1998. That’s when the Unknown of the Vietnam War was identified as First Lieutenant Michael Joseph Blassie. The tombs—the first of which was erected in 1921—represent the American soldiers who died in conflict and were never identified. Blassie was originally tallied as one more unidentified service member lost to the war, either missing or killed in action. In the longer course of history, however, he came to occupy a place at the nexus of old and new in how the United States cares for its dead.
Major James Connally spotted Blassie’s plane as it went down outside An Lộc on the morning of May 11, 1972—28 days into the battle for which the city gave its name. “The aircraft flew a short distance on its own and then slowly rolled over, exploding on impact in enemy-held territory,” Connally later recalled in a letter to the Blassie family. Though Connally knew the site of the crash, recovery took nearly six months from when anti-aircraft fire clawed the A-37 Dragonfly from the sky to when a South Vietnamese Army patrol eventually found some remains, an ID card, a beacon radio, and other small fragments of an identity. Though the materials found were enough to initially mark the remains as Blassie’s, a flawed bone fragment-based forensics process later overruled this verdict by miscalculating the supposed height of the individual to which the fragments belonged. It would take another 26 years before Blassie completed his odyssey from An Lộc, to the Tomb of the Unknown of the Vietnam War, to the Jefferson Barracks Memorial Cemetery near his childhood home of St. Louis, Missouri.
A rise in both care and capability borne out over centuries of warfare has caused the number of unidentified to gradually dwindle. Only three individuals who took part in Operation Iraqi Freedom from 2003 to 2010 have yet to be accounted for, according to the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency, which is responsible for the recovery of missing personnel. It’s a considerable drop from the thousands of American service personnel unaccounted for from past wars. The reasons for the decline are varied, but include both the changing character of war as well as advances in technology like DNA testing, which have made unknowns largely a phenomenon of the past. “The generation that the tomb was built for, and the unknown soldier honored and buried here … that generation of people has come and gone,” said Sergeant of the Guard Paul K. Basso.
After World War I, calls for the repatriation of bodies, which lay on the fields of Europe, flooded politicians’ offices in Washington, D.C. To many who had lost loved ones on hotly contested grounds or through the ubiquitous flash of an artillery explosion, even the full brunt of the government’s efforts to send home their loved ones often wasn’t enough. For these families, whose mourning was rendered incomplete, the nation needed something universal that could represent that final missing part of the process—a body. Though the U.S. had previously established tombs of the unknown for some 2,000 Civil War dead gathered from the fields of Bull Run and near Rappahannock, this new creation would represent those who could never be brought back, much less identified. The U.S. turned to its allies, whose own losses dwarfed America’s in the war, to seek inspiration for this memorial.
According to Bill Niven, a professor of contemporary German history at Nottingham Trent University, England, the effect of World War I on how countries memorialize conflict was a cultural turning point—one most neatly embodied in the sharp contrast between France’s modest Tomb of the Unknown and the imposing Arc de Triomphe. Constructed in the early 1800s, the arch memorializes the “glory of [Napoleon’s] Grand Armée,” while the tomb that rests in its shadow, and built more than a century later, has a subdued visage. The arch reflects the aggrandizement of war through extravagant uniforms, neat battle lines, and the ever-present murmur of honor and fidelity, but World War I had trod such formal conceptions through the muddy trenches of France and the Eastern Front. And it was that more desolate aspect of war that the tomb personifies. Here were average citizens—rather than professional soldiers—charging, fighting, and dying seemingly at random and on an industrialized scale few at home could fathom, much less fully comprehend. War itself had been radically altered, and so too had the mourning of those lost to it.
“These guys will all tell you, every single one of them, they will tell you they don’t do it for the badge,” Captain Jean J. Gwon said of the Honor Guard Badge, one of the rarest awarded in the U.S. Army. “It’s always for the unknown.” As she spoke, Gwon, the commander of the Tomb Guards, motioned to an 18-year-old soldier walking through the door to the subterranean guard quarters before his shift. The quarters, where three “reliefs” of seven sentinels spend 24 hours on duty before two days’ rest, lie beneath the risers where visitors to Arlington gather from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily. Visitors watch the soldier on duty take 21 measured steps past the tomb and back again, over and over during a shift; it’s a tacit nod to the military’s highest honor: the 21-gun salute.
Near the hour mark, the crowds swell, standing on tiptoes to catch the intricate changing-of-the-guard ceremony, a moment when the unit’s strict standards are performed as each new guard takes the post. “If there was no guard, people would not come here,” Basso lamented. “People would not know what the tomb is. There would not be Facebook posts; there would not be memes; there would not be YouTube videos.” James Mayo, a professor of urban planning at the University of Kansas, explained the attraction in a 1988 article on war memorials: “Rituals transform a landscape and the memory associated with it … Through rituals, people can focus on war memory, and their performances temporarily renew the importance of these memorials in the landscape.”
And so, in January 1998, when CBS Evening News reported that Blassie was indeed the Vietnam Unknown, Americans had to collectively reconsider the role of memorials and rituals dedicated to the unknown. In an interview, Blassie’s sister, Patricia, called for a DNA test of her brother’s remains to confirm the CBS report. The military obliged. On May 14 of that year, the fourth unknown was exhumed from his resting place at the tomb for testing, and just 47 days later, Assistant Secretary of Defense Kenneth Bacon notified the Pentagon press corps that the link between the Vietnam Unknown and Blassie was absolute. It was that combination of shoddy forensic science and the lack of other suitable candidates that likely marked Blassie unidentified in the first place.
Where the airman once rested now lies a cenotaph in Arlington. The empty tomb’s cover, initially designed for the Unknown of the Vietnam War, instead reads: “Honoring and Keeping Faith with America’s Missing Servicemen, 1958-1975.” Because science virtually assures that any unidentified body could one day become identified—and thus known—then-Defense Secretary William Cohen decided that Blassie’s former tomb should remain vacant. No remains would be interred in the tomb, said Undersecretary of Defense Rudy de Leon, unless “it can be assured in perpetuity that the remains of the American serviceman would be forever unidentifiable.” And so, the tomb was sealed from gaining another member. But that hasn’t stopped its continued evolution in the minds of millions of Americans who visit it annually.
“Today, the tomb and the unknown soldiers continue to serve their original purpose, and that’s important,” said Basso, “but they also serve a whole new purpose for many Americans and the world.” War losses may now be identifiable, but they are no less poignant or profoundly grieved. After all, when visitors make the trek up to the tomb, take in the landscape, align their various screens to best capture the grandeur of the space, and hit send on their social-media accounts, those crypts—including the fourth—lie in full view. And maybe that’s enough.



ARTICLE
There has always been government-subsidized health care in the United States. Until just after the Civil War, when state governments took more power, most Americans assumed that their local government would tax and spend to take care of the neediest. They frequently griped about the cost of these expenditures, as complaining about taxes is a long American tradition. But for about three centuries from the beginning of British North America, almost no one thought government-provided health care for the poor should go away.
That has changed. Congressional Republicans have campaigned for years on the plank that government’s involvement in health care should partially go away, including its funding of programs for low-income Americans. The Obamacare replacement bill proposed by House Speaker Paul Ryan last month aimed to roll back Medicaid spending at the federal level, which would encourage states to do the same. That legislation failed, but Republicans in Washington continue to look for ways to curb spending on coverage. Yet these efforts to divest government cut against the long history of health care in the United States.
British settlers in North America brought with them the laws of Britain, including measures pertaining to health care. Just a few years before the settling of Jamestown colony in Virginia, Parliament had reorganized a hash of different laws into one big “Elizabethan Poor Law,” which dictated how governments assisted the poor in Britain from 1601 until a major revision in 1832. In British America, the law was adopted by the earliest colonial governments, and government’s involvement in health care was part of the civic fabric—like jury duty and rounding up stray animals. George Washington himself oversaw its provision early in his political career. Starting at age 30, Washington served on the Truro Parish Vestry, a kind of citizen board that assisted the local Church of England parish. As church and state were intertwined in colonial Virginia, this was the body that oversaw tax-supported poor relief, including health care, in that area.
During the Revolution, government-subsidized health care for the poor was part of the self-government cherished by the rebels who fought the war. Recall that the revolution began in Massachusetts, where one of the Intolerable Acts, the Massachusetts Government Act, restricted the ability of local governments to run their own affairs. After the Revolution, newly independent states retained the poor law, making only modest revisions.
Ironically, the law remained virtually unchanged longer in the United States than it did in Britain. By the time New Deal programs began to augment poor relief in the 1930s—because state and local governments during the Great Depression could no longer fund it alone—the oldest American states had been using the Elizabethan Poor Law, more or less, for 300 years.
The details varied from one state to the other, but four principles of the poor law were the same. First, parents and children were legally required to help each other when they were in need. If they could not, then the local government was legally required to step in. Second, poor relief was a function of that local government—whether a town, municipality, city, county, or parish—and not state or national officials. Third, all those who required aid had to be provided with basic provisions: food, shelter, warmth, and medical care. Fourth, all those in need who were not from the town where they sought care or shelter could be banished, with the intention that they return to their hometowns where they would be guaranteed assistance. Until the Great Depression, most Americans paid for health care out of pocket; it was only if costs were too great that they appealed to poor relief for help.
How the poor law’s four principles were applied varied not only from state to state, but also from one town to the next. The law determining who was from a town (or who had a “settlement” there, in legalese) could be very complicated. The simple version was that if one’s ancestor had owned real estate in the town, one had a settlement there until a more recent ancestor—or, in a woman’s case, her husband—bought land somewhere else. The officials who implemented the poor law in a given area, usually called overseers of the poor, had great discretion in deciding who was in need and how best to keep them fed, clothed, housed, and doctored. Bills stemming from doctor and nurse visits, as well as medicine, were part of what made poor relief the biggest expense for almost every local government at the time of the American Revolution.
Indeed, poor relief was the single largest expense in almost every local-government budget until schools and roadwork caught up in the mid-19th century. Larger towns and cities had enough poor patients to build institutions devoted to the health care of the neediest. By 1826, New York City had a dedicated public hospital for the poor and sick called Bellevue. Bellevue was very much in the tradition of the Elizabethan Poor Law: a local institution, funded by local taxpayers, aimed at local needs.
This all meant that local taxes were by far the heaviest tax burden on Americans from the Revolution through the Civil War; by contrast, state taxes were relatively low and federal taxes rare exceptions. For example, Providence, Rhode Island, spent almost $8,500 on poor relief, out of a total budget of $11,300, for the fiscal year ending August 1, 1800. That total would simply be divided up among area real-estate owners for payment, so variations in poor-relief expenses each year would immediately be felt by taxpayers.
But it wasn’t just the needy who benefited from this tax money—so did the townspeople who provided shelter, goods, or services. These included grocers, clothiers, firewood providers, doctors, nurses, and homeowners who housed the homeless. Each of these various townspeople contributed to their own sustenance by being part of what one historian, Elna C. Green of San José State University, has called “the welfare-industrial complex.”
“One-Eyed” Sarah was one such person—an ordinary woman who earned money by caring for the needy, serving as a nurse in Providence in the first decade of the 19th century. While there were many nurses like her around the country, Sarah’s work was described in a newspaper article in 1811. The article read that she was chosen by a pair of paupers “in a situation not fit to be mentioned,” who’d specifically requested her help. Sarah nursed them back to health while being paid by poor-relief taxes. This dynamic seems more modern than perhaps expected: Not only did this pair have health care provided by the government, but they had some say in who their health-care provider would be. Of course, the quality and quantity of the care given could vary, depending on the priorities of the overseers of the poor. The copious receipts that still exist in town records—which paid for doctors, nurses, and medicine—suggest that overseers typically took this responsibility seriously.
By the mid- to late-19th century, state governments began assuming more responsibility for health care. The first state board of public health, created in Massachusetts in 1869, is a good marker of the rise of states’ involvement. A trend toward professionalization and state-level oversight had begun in the 1840s and 1850s, but had been interrupted by the cataclysm of the Civil War. Only in the years following did states begin to enact policies that they were too preoccupied and cash-strapped to pursue during the war. They began building their own poorhouses, facilities for the mentally ill, and other institutions. Hospitals and non-psychiatric health care, though, remained largely run at the local level. Cities continued to build new public health-care institutions, such as San Francisco’s Laguna Honda Hospital, which had completed its transition from poorhouse to public hospital by the 1920s.
Though it had been around for decades, private health insurance didn’t become popular among consumers until the Great Depression. Hospitals began offering insurance, in part, to encourage cash-strapped patients to use their services. The Great Depression also set the stage for the federal government to jump into poor relief in a big way. The Social Security Act of 1935 was intended, in part, to empty local poorhouses of their elderly occupants, allowing older Americans enough of a retirement income to be able to live at home. Between Social Security, unemployment insurance, and welfare for single mothers of dependent children, poorhouses began to fall out of use in the generation after the Great Depression. Many closed their doors in the mid-20th century. Local poor-relief offices were transformed, serving in large measure as administrators of state and federal programs.
The larger landscape of health care also changed. Private health insurance spread during the 1930s, 1940s, and 1950s. In the 1960s, President Lyndon Johnson’s administration added health-care insurance to the Social Security Act for both Social Security recipients—through Medicare—and the poor or disabled through Medicaid. Despite all of this, local institutions providing health care to the poor continued to find patients, and some continue to provide local, tax-supported health care to this day.
In my hometown of Oshkosh, Wisconsin, the county-supported hospital founded in 1875 has quietly survived for more than 140 years. Built as a home for the poor, it remains a popular long-term-care hospital for patients of any income, supported in part by county taxes. Visitors to the spruce, cheerful building might not know that their local taxes help support it, just as local taxes have been doing for centuries. Americans seem to have lost an understanding of government’s historical role in health care, as most of their political battles target programs just a few years old. Also lost is the promise the poor laws made for more than 300 years: If you need health care, you will receive it, thanks to the people you belong to.



ARTICLE
In the late fall of 1995, the columnist Ben Wattenberg—on tour to promote a new book—received a phone call from an admiring reader. The reader was President Bill Clinton. Over the next hour, Clinton praised Wattenberg’s work as the most accurate criticism of his administration to date.

In his syndicated column to be published Thursday, Mr. Wattenberg quotes Mr. Clinton as saying that he was initially too interested in the "legislative scorecard, rather than in philosophy," focusing like a prime minister on shepherding his party's legislation, instead of using the bully pulpit like a chief executive. The column says Mr. Clinton said he was "so anxious to fix the economy" that he "changed philosophically and missed the boat."

With those mistakes, Clinton had “‘lost the language’ of the moderate new Democratic thinking that helped to elect him in 1992.”
(Those quotations and that summary come from a New York Times story about the call. I couldn’t find the Wattenberg column itself online.)
Clinton’s conversation with Wattenberg occurred during a long process of self-examination and redirection after the Democratic party’s bad defeats in the 1994 elections. That process would ultimately culminate in a 1996 State of the Union address that declared, “The era of big government is over.” Election year 1996 would see Clinton triangulate both against congressional Republicans perceived as too eager to cut taxes for the rich and congressional Democrats perceived as too narrowly attentive to the minorities and the poor. Clinton would uphold the values of the middle class—school uniforms for children in poor schools—and champion their concerns: Medicare, Medicaid, the economy, and the environment. (These concerns were summed up by the acronym “MMEE,” pronounced “Em Em Ee Ee” on television and “Meeee” at cynical staff meetings.)
Triangulation disgusted Democratic liberals, but it did the job: Clinton decisively won re-election in 1996, beat back impeachment in 1998-99, and left office a popular, if not always respected, president. Could President Trump perform an analogous maneuver?
Much comment on the administration seems to assume Trump has nowhere to go but further down. He’s wounded, yes—but still dangerous, maybe more dangerous than ever. He’s at least as capable of destroying the independence and integrity of the U.S. intelligence community as that community’s revelations are to destroy him.
Trump may not be as self-critical or as well-informed as Bill Clinton, but the survivor of multiple brushes with bankruptcy has certainly proven himself a canny survivor with a shrewd awareness of his opponents’ weaknesses. How much information is needed to notice that stripping Medicaid from upwards of 10 million people will prove politically challenging? Candidate Trump ceaselessly promised to protect existing health-care guarantees. Surely President Trump remembers why Candidate Trump did it?
Candidate Trump positioned himself as a different kind of Republican, far removed from party’s former identity and policies. He denigrated previous party leaders in Congress and the executive branch. He bent even Fox News to his will. He beat them all. He owed them little or nothing. Then, in office—he capitulated. He accepted Paul Ryan’s benefits-stripping healthcare plan as his own first priority—and promptly suffered a worse beating than he ever inflicted. Isn’t there a lesson here?
Today’s wisdom is that Trump can’t change. “The president is also a 70-year-old billionaire who has been far too rich — for far too long — to know how to adjust his habits to other people’s needs,” writes New York’s Eric Levitz. And it’s surely true that he lacks many of the resources to execute Clinton-style triangulation. His White House lacks policy expertise, to put it mildly. His communications operation has been thrust onto the seemingly permanent defensive. His standing in the polls has fallen to the high 30s: Watergate-levels.
But in politics as in war, “nothing is ever as good or as bad as the first reports of excited men would have it,” in the memorable words of Field Marshall Slim. Clinton was rescued in 1996 as much by the shifty gimmicks invented by his campaign guru Dick Morris as by the substantive policy agenda of the New Democrats.

I challenge all our schools to teach character education, to teach good values and good citizenship. And if it means that teenagers will stop killing each other over designer jackets, then our public schools should be able to require their students to wear school uniforms.

Trump’s goal is not to be a “successful president” in the usual sense of that term. It’s obvious by now that he doesn’t have much of a policy agenda. He has a personal agenda, and that agenda is going rather well. The Trump brand is thriving. His family is planning a second hotel in Washington, D.C.  He is busily promoting his properties. He has paid little political price for violating his promises not to bring his children into government. And while the Kushner family’s hopes for a big payday deal with a Chinese bank have been balked for the time being, Trump still enjoys almost total ethical leeway within Congress, as my colleague McKay Coppins has nicely detailed.
Trump retains his grip on the Republican caucus in Congress and the all-important conservative media complex. He isn’t winning many legislative battles—but neither is he losing the battles that count most for him. His tax returns remain secret, and so for the most part do the details of his campaign’s Russian connections. As embarrassing as it is that the health bill collapsed, it would have been far worse for him politically had it passed.
It remains always possible for a president to regain the initiative. In Trump’s case, that initiative is found in battles over trade and immigration: the issues that won him the Republican nomination and that his base inside the party cares about most. He doesn’t even need to win. He just needs to be seen to fight.
Trump faces one hard practical test: Can he sustain sufficient enthusiasm within the Republican base to motivate turnout to keep Congress in Republican hands after 2018? If he fails, he will then face lethal dangers: meaningful investigation, backed by subpoenas. If he succeeds, he sustains the culture of impunity on which his administration is built. Until then, his net worth is surely rising faster than his polls are dropping. The traditional media may dismiss the administration’s fantastic and false claims of victimization by Obama administration holdovers—but Trump’s voters will believe, and believe more passionately perhaps because of the traditional media’s dismissal.
Above all: There will be no shortage of ambitious figures in the conservative world ready to play the part of Trump’s Wattenberg. He’ll be calling, and he’ll be listening. Trump may be suffering, as the joke goes, the worst 100 days of any president since William Henry Harrison. His list of laws signed makes ludicrous reading: only 17 items including on March 31 (the final day of the 10th week of his administration) “An Act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Pago Pago, American Samoa, the Faleomavaega Eni Fa'aua'a Hunkin VA Clinic.”
But the resources of a determined president are great. Trump’s enablers are powerful. The institutions of American government and society—including the expectations of the American people themselves for integrity in government—continue to show themselves weaker than most would have ever dared fear before 2016. We’re not anywhere near the end of this story, and certainly in no position to predict whether that ending will be happy or grim.



ARTICLE
These are confusing times to be a Republican.
For the past several decades, members of the GOP have mapped the ideological range found within their party onto a fairly straightforward spectrum—one that runs from “moderate” to “conservative.” The formulation was simplistic, of course, but it provided a useful shorthand in assessing politicians, and in explaining one’s own political orientation.
A small-government culture warrior in Arizona would be situated on the far-right end of the spectrum; a pro-choice Chamber of Commerce type in Massachusetts might place himself on the other end. And across the country, there were millions of people—from officeholders to ordinary Republican voters—who identified somewhere between those two poles.
But with the rise of Donald Trump—and his spectrum-bending brand of populist nationalism—many longtime Republicans are now struggling to figure out where they fit in this fast-shifting philosophical landscape. In recent weeks, two prominent Republicans have told me they are sincerely struggling to explain where they fall on the ideological spectrum these days. It’s not that they’ve changed their beliefs; it’s that the old taxonomy has become incoherent.
For example, does being an outspoken Trump critic make you a “moderate” RINO? Does it matter whether you’re criticizing him for an overly austere healthcare bill, or for a reckless infrastructure spending plan? And who owns the “far right” now—is it “constitutional conservatives” like Ted Cruz, or “alt-right” white supremacists like Richard Spencer?
When I raised these questions on Twitter earlier this week, I was swamped with hundreds of responses and dozens of emails from longtime Republicans who described feeling like they are lost inside their own homes.
Some, like Jordan Team from Washington, D.C., related how their attempts at explaining their personal politics have devolved into a kind of absurdist comedy:

I've always identified as a more moderate R—even"establishment Republican", if you will. I usually always use "moderate" or "Establishment" when saying I'm a Republican to separate myself from more hard-line Tea Party Freedom Caucus conservatives.

These days, however, I feel like it requires even further explanation to separate myself from the nationalism/populism that Trump & team espouse, since they're all now technically Republicans. Usually it's something super catchy & brief along the lines of: "I'm a moderate Republican—or at least, have been one, not really sure that that means anymore—but I don't support Trump or populism—I'm traditionally conservative."  And even that doesn't always get the point across. I think the easiest when trying to have a conversation with someone is a two step process. Step 1: "I'm a Republican but don't like Trump," and then if the convo keeps going/they know politics/they're interested, there's step 2: "I'm more moderate/establishment than Tea Party/Freedom Caucus."

Other people, meanwhile, shared more tragic testimonials. “I feel honestly like a part of my identity was stolen,” wrote Alycia Kuehne, a conservative Christian from Dallas, Texas.
But virtually everyone who wrote to me shared a common complaint: The traditional “Left ↔ Right” spectrum used to describe and categorize Republicans has become obsolete in the age of Trump. The question now is what to replace it with.
To provoke interesting answers, I asked people who wrote to me to imagine the Republican voter who is furthest from themselves—be it ideologically, philosophically, or attitudinally—and then to answer the question: What is the most meaningful difference between you and that person?
The proposed spectrums that emerged from their responses—some of which I’ve included below—are not meant to be peer-reviewed by political scientists. But they offer new, and potentially more useful, ways to map the emerging fault lines that now divide the American right.
LIBERTARIAN ↔ AUTHORITARIAN: One of the most common responses I received from Republicans argued that the party could be divided between authoritarians (who tend to gravitate toward Trump) and libertarians (who are generally repelled by his strong-man instincts). In an email that was typical of several I received, Aaron L. M. Goodwin, from California, wrote:

I grew up in a pretty conservative household. We were home-schooled Mormons. We listened to conservative talk radio. I was the only 10-year-old I knew of who loved to watch C-Span. These days I feel completely alienated from the GOP. But, I don't feel like I'm the one who sold out. So where does that leave me?
I believe the conservative/liberal spectrum has been overtaken by one for democratic/authoritarian ... Most of the Republicans I still feel some kinship with are from a multitude of ideologies, but they share an ideology based on classical liberal democracy. We all share a deep-seeded suspicion of rule by power, and I believe, are closer to the original intent of our founding documents.

GRIEVANCE-MOTIVATED ↔ PHILOSOPHICALLY MOTIVATED:  Liz Mair, a libertarian-leaning GOP strategist, wrote that she’s been convinced after “300 gazillion conversations with all sorts of conservatives”—including a range of lawmakers, writers, pundits, candidates, and grassroots-level activists—that the biggest division within the party is one that separates Fox News-a-holics driven by tribal grievance from people who have some kind of philosophically rooted belief system:  

I honestly think the split in conservatism comes more down to philosophy versus identity politics than anything. Are you opposed to things on philosophical or tribal grounds? Are you a believer or a member of our clan? (Said in the Scottish sense) ...

I bet if you polled Trump primary voters and asked them what was the bigger problem—insufficiently limited government or transgender Muslim feminists being celebrated at the Oscars, a big majority would say the latter.

ANTI-ESTABLISHMENT ↔ ESTABLISHMENT: The outsider/insider trope is well-worn in contemporary conservative politics—so much so that you could argue the terms have lost their meaning. But based on the emails I received, many Republicans (on both ends of the spectrum) still view the party through that lens. On one end are people who respect existing political institutions, and believe in conforming to their norms and using the system to advance their agenda. On other end of this spectrum are people who believe the establishment is hopelessly corrupt and ineffectual, and that it should be circumvented whenever possible.
The flaw in this formulation, it seems to me, is that virtually every Republican who has entered Congress over the past eight years started out on the anti-establishment end of the spectrum, and then slid—involuntarily, perhaps, but inevitably—toward the establishment end. That’s because, as Stephen Spiker from Virginia emailed, once you run for office and win, you necessarily become a part of the system, an insider:

I see many colleagues in the party taken in by the "establishment vs anti-establishment" spectrum. Essentially populism, as the anti-establishment folks are "burn it down" because they don't feel represented and want a fighter. That lead to Dave Brat winning in 2014, and Trump winning in 2016.

Now that its Trump vs Brat, you're going to see the inherent decay in this school of thought: the anti-establishment crowd turning on their former heroes like Dave Brat (as they turned on Cantor previously). He's in Congress, he's an insider, he's standing in the way, etc.

It will eventually turn on Trump as well, as he falls short on goal after goal. When it happens (as in, before or after Trump is out of office) is always dependent on having the right person run at the right time on the right message, but it will happen.

Most notable about the anti-establishment position is that there's no consistent end game or policy goal. It exists for the sake of itself. That's what frustrates folks who actually have firm ideological stances.

ABSOLUTISTS  ↔ DEALMAKERS:  Many of the most high-profile intra-party battles in recent years have been fought not over ideas, but tactics and a willingness to compromise. While Republicans in Washington were essentially unanimous in their opposition to President Obama’s agenda, they differed—at least at first—over whether they should cut deals at the legislative bargaining table, or, say, shut the government down until they got exactly what they wanted. The absolutists largely won out during the Obama presidency—but what about now? On one end of this spectrum are people like the Freedom Caucus purists from whom it is all but impossible to extract concessions; on the other are the dealmakers who will compromise virtually anything to get some kind of legislation passed.
Several Republicans who wrote to me were, I think, circling this idea, which my colleague Conor Friedersdorf recently articulated:

Do populist Republicans want a federal government where politicians stand on principle and refuse to compromise? Or do they want a pragmatist to make fabulous deals?

… Is a GOP House member more likely to be punished in a primary for thwarting a Donald Trump deal … or compromising to make a deal happen? Were I the political consultant for an ambitious primary candidate in a safe Republican district, I can imagine a successful challenge regardless of what course the incumbent chose, voters having been primed to respond to either critique.

OPEN/TOLERANT ↔ NATIVIST/RACIST: This is the probably the most provocative construct that was proposed, but it was also a popular one. For many Trump-averse Republicans, one of the biggest perceived differences between themselves and hardcore Trump fans is attitudes toward racial minorities and foreign immigrants. The alt-right dominates one end of the spectrum—and they place themselves on the polar opposite end.
Granted, this spectrum was not proposed to me by any Trump supporters, and no doubt many of them would strongly disagree with this categorization. But there’s no question it’s one of the defining debates inside the party right now. Evan McMullin, a conservative who ran for president last year under the #NeverTrump banner, was quoted in October saying that racism was the single biggest problem with the party.  
* * *
This is, of course, by no means a comprehensive list of the divisions within the GOP. For example, one of the most talked-about conflicts to emerge in the past year has been between “nationalism” and “globalism.” But despite efforts by Steve Bannon and other Trump advisers to frame the ideological debate that way, very few GOP voters—at least none who wrote to me—identify as “globalists.” Instead, these new spectrums represent a few of the ways in which Republicans—eager to escape the disorder and confusion of the Trump era—are categorizing themselves and each other.




ARTICLE
In a morning tweet, President Trump called the Russia investigation a “witch hunt,” after former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn reportedly offered to cooperate with the FBI and the House and Senate intelligence committees in exchange for immunity. Representative Adam Schiff, the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, visited the White House to view the documents the administration says show evidence of possible surveillance by the Obama administration. Trump signed two executive orders aimed at cracking down on trade abuses, saying in a signing ceremony that “the theft of American prosperity will end.” A federal judge approved a deal for President Trump to pay $25 million to settle lawsuits over his now-defunct Trump University. The White House said it will disclose details about the finances of senior administration officials this evening.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Showdown in Texas: On Friday, Texas Democrat Beto O’Rourke announced that he’ll challenge Republican Ted Cruz for his Senate seat. While “O’Rourke has a history of toppling giants,” unseating the well-funded conservative leader will be an uphill battle. (Eric Garcia, Roll Call)
‘Can Steve King Be Unseated?’: The Iowa congressman will likely face a primary challenge in 2018, but history—and the district’s demographics—indicates the challenge probably won’t be successful. (Jason Noble, The Des Moines Register)
Nunes’ Tragic Mistake: The House Intelligence Committee’s investigation into Trump’s wiretapping claims could have been a good opportunity to reform the FISA process, writes Bloomberg’s Eli Lake, but by “misrepresenting how he obtained information worthy of investigation [Nunes] has handed his opposition the means to discredit it.”
The Long Journey: In 2005, Lidio Javier de la Cruz Santiago left his home in Mexico and “headed north for work” to the United States. He was later found dead in the Arizona desert. Molly O’Toole captures Lidio’s journey and how stricter U.S. immigration policy has led to more dangerous methods of crossing the southern border. (Foreign Policy)
A Political Courtship?: Trump and his associates have hinted they’d be open to working with Democrats who represent Trump-supporting districts. But future deal making between the two groups won’t be so simple. (Kyle Cheney and Heather Caygle, Politico)
Mapping America’s Wealth: Regional economies across the United States have changed significantly over the last 25 years. While some have boomed, others have stagnated. View these graphics to see the country’s fastest growing areas. (Quartz)
Republicans’ plan to repeal and replace Obamacare flopped last week, but President Trump is ready to move to the next item on his agenda—tax reform. This week, we asked you what you’d like to see the Trump administration focus on and why. Thanks to everyone for their thoughtful responses. Visit our Notes section to view readers’ submissions. Here’s a sample:
Tom Lucas wants Trump to skip straight to improving infrastructure:

[Infrastructure is] a great opportunity to create jobs and improve communities.  It's also an area that Democrats would be willing to work on with him, so there's actually a chance of it happening.  Our roads and mass transit are in terrible condition, particularly in the Northeast, and are long overdue for an investment.

And Christina Kopp wishes Trump would get back to his campaign-trail message and support paid family leave:

This is an issue that could find bipartisan support, as it addresses social and economic issues important to both Republicans and Democrats. But for paid family time to have a real and positive impact on American society as a whole, it would have to be available to women and men, biological and adoptive parents, blue-collar, service, and white-collar workers. I'm not sure Trump and this Congress are capable of passing such legislation. Still, here's hoping!

Stay tuned for next week’s Question of the Week contest.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
The “usually” framework has become a staple of coverage of Donald Trump. As in: Usually, you have to hire a full complement of staffers before you start pushing them out and reshuffling. But normal patterns, as is well known, do not apply to this White House.
Consider this. The president has already had to fire his national security adviser. A deputy White House chief of staff has been shipped out, and there are rumors swirling around another. The chief of staff has been the subject of rumors more or less since he started unpacking his boxes in the West Wing. A top communications official has been fired. The press secretary is widely viewed as ineffectual and endangered. And while the West Wing is not as empty as it once was—for example, President Trump finally hired a communications director in mid-February—the vast majority of essential executive-branch positions are not only unfilled but have no nominee.
Let’s survey the damage in a little more detail. The first casualty was National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, who was forced to resign on February 13, after it became clear that he had lied to Vice President Mike Pence about his conversations with the Russian ambassador. Flynn has since revealed he lobbied for Turkey before taking the job, and has opened discussions about seeking immunity with several investigations.
On March 25, reports indicated that Boris Epshteyn, who was a frequent surrogate for the Trump campaign and was in charge of coordinating TV surrogates for the Trump White House, was leaving that job. The circumstances of the departure are a little unclear—he had reportedly clashed with TV bookers, but The New York Times reports his departure was mutually sought. For whatever reasons, Epshteyn was not cut out for the job.
This week, the White House announced that Deputy Chief of Staff Katie Walsh is leaving her job. She’ll head to America First Policies, an outside group that’s supposed to help drum up support for Trump’s agenda, but was universally regarded as ineffective during the health-care fight. Administration officials sought on the one hand to portray this as a perfect meeting of a need and skills, but in practice no one wants to be sent packing from a prime White House job. There were also rumors that another deputy chief, Rick Dearborn, was headed for the exits, though the White House says that’s not true.
Walsh’s departure stirs speculation about the fate of her boss, Reince Priebus. Walsh came with Priebus from the Republican National Committee, where she was chief of staff. Priebus has been the subject of unflattering leaks for weeks, apparently the victim of a factional war within the White House. (Priebus and the putative leader of the other faction, chief strategist Steve Bannon, have sought to dampen those claims with a best-buds press tour. It hasn’t worked.)
The collapse of the health-care bill adds to his headaches. Priebus is close to Speaker Paul Ryan and helped design the failed process for moving the bill. Now he has also lost a trusted lieutenant.
Press Secretary Sean Spicer also came with Priebus from the RNC, and he too is perpetually on the hot seat. Trump is said to watch his briefings very closely, and it’s hard to imagine he likes what he sees. Spicer’s difficult task was exemplified by several moments in recent days. He tried to assert that Trump’s campaign chairman was just a short-term employee. He argued, despite a letter suggesting otherwise, that the White House hadn’t tried to keep former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates from testifying to the House Intelligence Committee. And he insisted the White House had no idea where committee Chairman Devin Nunes had received information about alleged surveillance of Trump transition team members—only for it to emerge on Friday that two White House officials were behind the leaks. The question with Spicer is whether he is wantonly misleading the press and public, simply out of the loop on White House information, or is being misled by colleagues.
The RNC crew are not the only Trump aides in the doghouse, though they are more easily fireable than one of the others: Jared Kushner, who is Trump’s son-in-law, and who was in Aspen, Colorado, for much of the week the health bill fell apart.
The Nunes leaks suggest the depth of the chaos in the White House too. In one scenario, the two staffers who were reportedly involved were acting on the directions of senior officials, in which case the administration lied about its actions and interfered with a congressional investigation. If, on the other hand, either was acting on his own initiative, it’s a dangerous sign that junior staffers are going rogue on sensitive national-security issues.
Mike Allen of Axios reports Friday:

President Trump brought his chaos-and-loyalty theory of management into the White House, relying on competing factions, balanced by trusted family members, with himself perched atop as the gut-instinct decider. He now realizes this approach has flopped, and feels baffled and paralyzed by how to fix it, numerous friends and advisers tell us.

Maybe, maybe not. Allen also writes, “You should expect regular, sometimes violent, upheavals in this Trump White House,” which seems to suggest more chaos rather than less.
As I reported last week, there’s a partial precedent for Trump in the Clinton administration. Yet that precedent is looking more tenuous by the day. Clinton’s White House disorder was partly a factor of focusing on other appointments; he didn’t have to fire any Cabinet-level aides in his first month; and his first major legislative initiative was not a flop. It took until June if its first year for the Clinton administration to attempt to reboot the West Wing, bringing in the veteran operator David Gergen.
One important lesson of the Clinton administration is that what matters most is the president, who sets the tone for the rest of his team. If he accepts, or even wants, chaos, then that’s what he’ll get. It took some time for Bill Clinton to learn that lesson, though he eventually did. Looking back on those days, Clinton’s second chief of staff, Leon Panetta, said of the Trump administration, “I think it’s going to be a lot bloodier.” So far, his prediction is looking accurate.



ARTICLE
Every so often, Californians get distracted from the physical beauty that surrounds us, remember that a state government is nominally under our control, notice a feature that galls us, and stage a populist revolt—for better or worse. Steep increases in property taxes led to Proposition 13. Anxiety over immigration prompted Proposition 187. Power outages and an increase in the vehicle license fee fueled the recall of Governor Gray Davis and the rise of Arnold Schwarzenegger. And I reckon that the Golden State is about due for its next political earthquake.
Lest a shortage of farm labor cause a kale shortage that vaults Gwyneth Paltrow into the statehouse, I hope to trigger a tremor on a different fault line. I’d rather Californians unleashed their pent up seismic tension on the system that gave them the saga of Linda Katehi.
Do you recall the controversial UC Davis leader?
Last year, when she lost her chancellorship, I mocked her golden parachute, expressing a journalist’s fleeting outrage at how much taxpayer money her failure cost us.
But the weather was so nice and a new taco truck had just arrived in my neighborhood. I’d have totally forgotten my anger if the Sacramento Bee hadn’t published a coda to her saga last week. As it turns out, an extra million dollars of UC money was spent––and so needlessly, so extravagantly, I can scarcely believe it. The UC System’s annual budget is $28.8 billion. Next to that, $1 million isn’t much. Then again, $1 million would cover the student loans of a lot of students. The people in my neighborhood’s tent city could all be housed for $1 million.
So I say this saga matters.
Before I tell you how that million was spent instead, let’s quickly review the vast sums, beyond the final million, that were already squandered during Linda Katehi’s tenure. Then I’ll proceed with the big reveal and close with a million-dollar question.
* * *
The story began on November 18, 2011, when UC Davis students were lawfully assembled on a campus quad to peacefully protest during the Occupy Wall Street movement. That is when unusually insane behavior from California’s public sector started:

Some footage of controversial law-enforcement encounters require experts in police training or painstaking frame-by-frame video analysis to adequately comprehend.
Not that infamous video.
In an efficient system, an administrator would promptly have concluded that Lieutenant John Pike, the pepper-spraying cop, should never again police undergraduates. Under a less efficient system that afforded reasonable protections against unfair termination, Pike might have lasted a week during a review and appeal.
Under the insane system that operates in California, investigators took five months to reach the conclusion YouTube viewers grasped in 30 seconds: “Lt. Pike bears primary responsibility for the objectively unreasonable decision to use pepper spray on the students sitting in a line and for the manner in which the pepper spray was used.” The insane part is that even then, Pike couldn't be immediately fired. In total, he remained on administrative leave for eight months after the incident, doing no work but receiving $70,000 in salary by my calculations. Then, when his employment was finally terminated, the police officer found “primarily responsible” for an “objectively unreasonable” use of pepper spray––a cop whose actions forced California taxpayers to pay the undergrads he assaulted $30,000 each––got $38,000 in workman’s compensation for psychological trauma at the way he was treated!
Investigators found that Katehi was partly responsible, too. She bore culpability for the decision to remove students from the quad, the dubious timing of the operation, and the failure to convey that force should not be used. She said at the time that she took “full responsibility” for what happened and apologized to students. Had the matter ended there it would be no incitement for a populist revolt.
We’ve got traffic to fight.
But a few years later, the Sacramento Bee reported that Katehi “contracted with consultants for at least $175,000 to scrub the Internet of negative online postings” on the pepper-spraying and “to improve the reputations of both the university and Chancellor Linda P.B. Katehi.” UC Davis signed one 6-month contract with a PR company at a rate of $15,000 per month. An objective described in the company’s proposal was the “eradication of references to the pepper spray incident in search results on Google for the university and the Chancellor." Scott Shackford called it “another example of colleges no longer fulfilling their roles as defenders of speech and openness, combined with abusive police behavior, with an added dash of the administrative bloat that's driving up higher education costs.” He added, “in the years since Katehi took over in 2009, the budget for the communications office has grown from $2.93 million to $5.47 million.”
Alas, the squandering of the UC system’s money was far from complete. Embattled since the pepper-spraying incident, Katehi came under additional fire for accepting lucrative positions on the boards of firms that seemed to pose clear conflicts of interest, including a major publisher of college-level textbooks, where she earned more than $400,000 moonlighting over the course of three years, and a for-profit university.
The original plan was to pay her $106,000 in salary to fulfill zero responsibilities for three months while investigators figured out whether she should be fired or retained, because that’s the insane way that California deals with high-ranking bureaucrats who’ve behaved badly—never mind that the vast majority of California residents earn far less with no such job security. Katehi was paid $424,360 annually.
What happened next was even more galling.
Katehi’s bosses finally decided that she should be ousted. It turned out that she had spent $407,000 on a series of PR consultants, a costly effort to make a negative story go away that ultimately brought orders of magnitude more attention to it years later. What’s more, the way she handled outside boards was deemed unacceptable.
And then, having earned that cool 6 figures while being investigated? As I noted at the time:

California’s median household income is $61,933. Assistant professors at UC Davis earn about $80,000.

“After resigning Tuesday as UC Davis chancellor under a cloud of controversy, Linda P.B. Katehi will take advantage of a University of California perk that allows campus leaders to receive chancellor-level pay with few responsibilities for one year,” the Sacramento Bee reports. “Katehi will continue to receive her salary of $424,360 plus retirement and health benefits, but she will not have to teach classes in her transition year, after which she plans to become a UC Davis engineering professor.”

Back then, I thought that was the most insane result of the system the Golden State has set up. I was wrong. And that brings us to the additional million dollar expense that I learned about last week when The Sacramento Bee reported it. Understand that by the time Katehi was investigated, student protesters at Davis were making poster-board signs detailing her transgressions, drawing on detailed reporting from The Sacramento Bee and other news organizations. Some faculty members were saying that they wanted Katehi to step down. A basketball or football coach would never have survived the loss of institutional faith. Any outsider with Google could see she needed to resign or be fired.
But for some reason, the California bureaucracy goes about terminating failing employees using the most drawn out, flagrantly costly methods imaginable. In this case:

University of California officials spent nearly $1 million investigating former UC Davis Chancellor Linda P.B. Katehi, a probe that ended in her resignation last August and a deal that allowed her to take a year off at full pay before returning to a faculty job, according to figures released Friday.

The four-month investigation was ordered last April by UC President Janet Napolitano after disclosures in The Sacramento Bee about Katehi’s acceptance of lucrative corporate board seats and her use of university funds to clean up her image online. The final investigative report was released Aug. 9, the same day Katehi agreed to resign after fighting for months to save her job running one of the nation’s premiere universities.

The probe by the Orrick law firm was headed by two former U.S. attorneys from Northern California – Melinda Haag and McGregor Scott – and included interviews with 55 individuals, the compilation of 2.7 million emails and documents and a review of more than 67,000 emails and other electronic documents. Haag and other investigators were to be paid $595 per hour, according to the contract between the university and the firm.

Team members who conducted document review were due a much lower rate, university officials said in June.

After heavy winter rains, California is experiencing super-blooms of spring wildflowers at the moment. And even so, I can’t stop thinking about this saga’s coda.
The Sacramento Bee managed to report on nearly all of Katehi’s objectionable behavior while paying its reporters and copy editors between roughly $15 and $40 an hour (from what I gather via the salary estimates posted online at Glassdoor). How did the state bureaucracy get to a place where it made sense, or seemed to make sense, for UC leaders to spend $595 an hour on investigators who produced nothing more damning than information publicly available at the outset?
As a general matter, it’s hard to fault thoroughness, but can it possibly be rational to review 67,000 documents, interview 55 individuals, and spend nearly $1 million in public money to get rid of a chancellor whose failures were manifestly clear? Wouldn’t it be better to have a bureaucracy where employees earning  $400,000 or so per year could just be fired at will, or after a short review, or with the right to one brief appeal? Why should Californians permit a system where the class of public employees enjoys job protections and due process against termination so extravagant that private employees can scarcely imagine them?
At some point, procedure and due diligence cross over to insanity. Whether we’ve reached that threshold because of fear of lawsuits, or bureaucratic drift, or a class of  elites who pay one another vast sums to sit on boards and carry out investigations, the system is in need of reform. If any UC insider has insights that go beyond the unsatisfactory explanations state officials have been willing to give the Sacramento Bee, I would love to hear them. If you’re a lawyer, or a public policy expert, or a reader of any sort with insights or laments or explanations or even defenses of this phenomena, in the public or private sector, email conor@theatlantic.com. Am I right that even as much of America struggles, its elites have orchestrated a nonsensical culture of what one might call undue diligence?
I encourage your correspondence, so long as you don’t send an over-scrupulous report. As for the million dollar question: Is there a ballot measure that could stop this madness?
Update: This story originally used “taxpayer dollars” as shorthand for the final million-dollar expense of investigating Katehi. In fact, those funds “came from the presidential endowment,” a UC spokesperson said. “These are funds given to the university by private donors. They are unrestricted. That is, the president may use them as she sees fit.”



ARTICLE
When Donald Trump’s now-notorious Access Hollywood tape first leaked in October last year, Utah Representative Jason Chaffetz reacted to the news the way he usually does—he got himself in front of a camera, and fast.
Within hours after the story broke, he was on the set of Salt Lake City’s Fox 13 News, declaring, “I’m out. I can no longer in good conscience endorse this person for president.” Chaffetz was the first Republican in Congress to officially withdraw his endorsement from Trump, and he milked the moment for all it was worth—going on for several minutes in the interview about Trump’s “abhorrent and offensive” language, about the “awful place” the nominee had put the country in, about how he could no longer look his teenage daughter in the eye while supporting this candidacy.
Two and a half weeks later, he announced he would vote for Trump after all.
The apparent reversal did not escape the attention—or derision—of the political press. (“Jason Chaffetz just set some sort of modern record for flip-floppery,” wrote one Washington Post blogger.) To the congressman’s detractors, the episode encapsulated all the worst traits Chaffetz is accused of: the shameless camera-mugging, the brazen partisanship, the wet-finger-in-the-air opportunism. Chaffetz, though, has no regrets.
“Look, I think I went through a lot of the gyrations that people in Utah and across the country [did],” he said in a recent interview. But in the end, he told me, the voters made the right decision. “I can’t imagine what the world would look like if Hillary Clinton were the president right now. I mean—” he paused and searched for a way to adequately express his disgust at the thought, before settling on a guttural gagging sound. “Blech.”
The truth, of course, is that a world where Clinton is president right now is one that looks pretty good for Chaffetz’s career. Up until Election Day, he appeared poised to occupy one of the most coveted perches in Congress for a certain breed of conservative up-and-comer. As chairman of the House Oversight Committee, Chaffetz serves as the chamber’s chief White House watchdog—and if Clinton had won, he would get to spend the next four years basking in rapturous Fox News coverage as he led high-profile investigations into her administration.
Instead, Chaffetz now finds himself saddled with the responsibility of policing his own party’s administration—rooting out conflicts of interest, exposing abuses of power, and generally causing headaches for President Trump. It’s an awkward and unpleasant task, and one that he does not seem to savor. As one Utah politico put it to me, “Aside from Trump and Clinton, nobody’s fortunes changed more on presidential election night than Jason Chaffetz.”
On a recent afternoon in his Capitol Hill office, I read through a litany of headlines detailing potential entanglements between President Trump’s business and his administration with the congressman. As he listened, Chaffetz leaned back in his chair—jacket off, an ankle resting casually on one knee. One of the stories I flagged reported that online sales had skyrocketed for the first daughter’s clothing line after Kellyanne Conway went on TV and urged Americans to “buy Ivanka’s stuff.” I asked Chaffetz if he was concerned about Trump reaping financial rewards from his presidency, but he just shrugged.
“He’s already rich,” Chaffetz said. “He’s very rich. I don’t think that he ran for this office to line his pockets even more. I just don’t see it like that.”
What about the recent New York Times story about Jared Kushner’s family exploring a $400 million deal with a Chinese company while he serves as a foreign policy adviser to the president—was that worthy of investigation?
“I don’t see how that affects the average American and their taxpayer dollars,” Chaffetz said. “Just the fact that a staff person’s family is making money? It’s not enough.”
He promised that Trump won’t get an entirely free ride under his watch. “Somebody’ll do something stupid at some point, and we’ll be all over it.” But, he added, “I think the people who voted for Donald Trump went into it with eyes wide open. Everybody knew he was rich, everybody knew he had lots of different entanglements … These other little intrigues about a wealthy family making money is a bit of a sideshow.”
If this is not quite the attitude you’re hoping to see in a designated Washington watchdog, you aren’t alone. Chaffetz has spent much of the Trump presidency thus far taking flak for his apparent partisanship. In just the past month, he has been booed off the stage by constituents at a town-hall meeting, had his office flooded with angry phone calls after saying on CNN that poor Americans could afford health insurance if they simply didn’t buy the latest iPhone, and found himself embroiled in a public feud with comedian Rosie O’Donnell. At home in Utah, he faces an increasingly well-funded and concerted campaign to unseat him next year, complete with a dedicated super PAC and a cast of challengers from both right and left. Their common case against Chaffetz boils down to hypocrisy: How can the same guy who was champing at the bit to expose President Clinton’s sins now justify giving Trump a pass?
Chaffetz now faces the greatest conundrum of his career—how to balance the weight of his current responsibilities with his own outsize personal ambitions. As oversight chairman, he is tasked with being a fair-minded guardian of good government; as an aspiring GOP power-player, he is in pursuit of conservative stardom and higher office. In Donald Trump’s Washington, he may soon have to choose which matters more.
For a politician who inspires such animus in his critics, Chaffetz is easy to like in person. He has a disarming, laid-back bro-ishness about him, and a skill for self-deprecating humor. When I first entered his office he apologized for the black leather slippers he was sporting, and said an old injury was causing his heel to act up. He then retrieved some X-rays from a nearby drawer—he apparently keeps them on hand for occasions like this—that showed a badly malformed foot.
“How did it happen?” I asked him.
“I was cliff-diving in Mexico,” he began, somberly. “There was a young child who was drowning—” He snorted, and then abandoned the gag. “I’m sorry. No, I fell off a ladder changing a lightbulb in 2005.”
Chaffetz grew up in California, where he was recruited out of high school to be a placekicker for Brigham Young University’s football team. He entered college a Jewish Democrat and left a conservative Mormon. His more cynical detractors like to note the careerist convenience of these conversions, but those who know him best attest to his sincerity. In any case, Chaffetz did exhibit his well-honed media instincts at BYU, where he was known among teammates for removing his helmet after successful kicks, showing off his carefully manicured coif for the TV cameras.
After graduating, he hustled his way up the corporate ladder at a Utah-based multilevel marketing company, and in 2004 went to work for Jon Huntsman Jr., who was then launching a gubernatorial bid. Chaffetz excelled as campaign manager—but after they won, he struggled with his new chief-of-staff post. State lawmakers found him abrasive, arrogant, and power-hungry, and within a year he left the job.
“He was definitely ambitious, and maybe some would say overly ambitious,” said Derek Miller, the CEO of Utah’s World Trade Center, who has known Chaffetz for years. “He didn’t really leave the Huntsman administration on good terms.” In 2007, Chaffetz further flummoxed the state’s GOP establishment when he decided to mount a long-shot primary challenge against Representative Chris Cannon. “People kind of thought he was crazy,” said Miller. “I mean, you’re taking on a solidly entrenched Republican in a solidly entrenched Republican district.”
But Chaffetz, the quintessential young man in a hurry, out-hustled the incumbent with a guerilla army of unpaid volunteers and a proto-Tea Party message of insurgency. He ended up winning the primary handily. In a bitter concession speech on election night, Cannon proclaimed, “Politics is way too important to leave to the boors.”
Once elected, Chaffetz was determined not to languish in back-bench obscurity, and he immediately went to work raising his own national profile. “Very early on, I made a concerted effort to invest in my connections with the media,” he told me. He went on The Colbert Report, produced a “freshman year” video diary for CNN, and took bimonthly trips to Manhattan to schmooze cable-news bookers. “As a young, no-name member of Congress, oftentimes I would not even go on their shows at first—but then, when stations needed somebody on a sunny, warm Saturday, I always said yes.” He quickly became known among political reporters as one of the D.C.’s most reliable dial-a-quotes.
Meanwhile, Chaffetz demonstrated a keen sense of where to hitch his wagon. Early in the 2012 Republican presidential primaries, he made headlines for endorsing Mitt Romney over Huntsman—a move that contributed to a nasty falling-out between himself and his former boss. Given Chaffetz’s personal history with Huntsman, nobody would have blamed him for staying neutral in the primary fight. But Romney was the frontrunner, and the clear favorite in Utah—to Chaffetz, the choice was obvious. Huntsman has since referred to this brand of self-interested betrayal as “getting Chaffetz’d.”
But Chaffetz’s savviest brand-building move may have been his decision—not at all obvious at the time—to join the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. When he was first preparing to enter Congress, his incoming chief of staff, Justin Harding, tried to steer him toward the more traditionally influential and high-profile posts. “I struggled with whether [Oversight] was really a great place for a freshman congressman from Utah looking to make his mark … but Jason had a way of looking into the future and seeing that there was a change coming to Washington.” More precisely, Chaffetz intuited that the oversight committee—charged with ferreting out waste, fraud, and abuse in the executive branch—could be a valuable platform for a conservative in the Obama years.  
Plus, it was a place where he could rise quickly. “I knew I wasn’t going to be here 20 years, and I really would like to be a chairman and be able to maximize my voice and my influence,” Chaffetz said. “And this is one of those non-‘A’ committees that would allow a younger person like myself to have a shot.”
He was right, and within six years Chaffetz was named chairman. He won the job with an ambitious plan—detailed in a slick, glossy booklet that he circulated to party leadership—to rebrand, revamp, and weaponize the committee, redesigning its logo, supercharging its social media feeds, and picking more aggressive fights with Democratic targets.
“I don’t know if it’s true,” Chaffetz said, straining to conceal the pride in his voice, “but they tell me I’m only the fifth person in a hundred years to become a chairman after three terms.”
Many of the same strategic decisions that raised Chaffetz’s profile have made him a magnet for grassroots opposition in the early days of the Trump presidency, and a growing chorus of wishful thinkers on the left is making noise about unseating him next year. When I asked him about re-election, Chaffetz dutifully told me he was taking nothing for granted. But it seems clear he’s not too worried about losing to Kathryn Allen, a left-wing doctor who has filled her campaign war chest thanks to shout-outs from Rachel Maddow and Rosie O’Donnell. A much tougher challenge could come from Evan McMullin, the anti-Trump conservative Mormon who ran for president last year as an independent. Chaffetz’s district is the only one in the country where McMullin was able to pull off a second-place finish in 2016, and it’s home to thousands of Republican voters who have no love for the president. So far, though, McMullin has appeared reluctant to enter the fray.
In any case, Chaffetz says he doesn’t plan to stick around Congress too much longer. “I’m going to hang up my cleats at some point, and I don’t want to be—” he paused, and then smirked. ”With all due respect, I don’t want to be Orrin Hatch. I just don’t. Great admiration for the man, but that’s way too long.”
The 83-year-old Utah senator had recently announced that he was considering a run for reelection in 2018, despite his earlier promise that this would be his final term. When I asked Chaffetz if he was surprised by Hatch’s decision, he scoffed. “No, not really. It’s the third time this has [happened].”
Chaffetz is openly considering a bid for the Utah governorship in 2020—“Definitely maybe,” he joked when the subject came up, grinning at his own kabuki coyness—and when I asked him what he thinks Utah voters expect from him as Oversight chairman in the meantime, he said they wanted him to be an “honest broker.” But, he added, “Remember, the federal government is 2-plus million people. We can’t investigate everything all the time.”
One issue Chaffetz is in no hurry to tackle is Russia’s alleged interference with the 2016 election. Despite noisy calls from some constituents back home to open an investigation, Chaffetz said he didn’t believe it was his job. “It’s not breaking news that Russia has engaged in espionage against our government, our elections, or corporate America,” he told me. He said he would would play “a supporting role” for the House Intelligence Committee’s investigation—and then couldn’t resist adding, “How quickly the democrats forget that it was Mitt Romney that pointed out our biggest geopolitical foe was Russia.”
As our conversation wound down, we discussed the political eccentricities of his home state. While Trump managed to carry Utah in 2016, he did so with only a modest plurality of the vote—and many Utahns, including Republicans, remain troubled by the president’s actions. Chaffetz has so far dismissed liberals’ complaints about his handling of the Trump administration as nothing but partisan whining—but what about conservative criticism? I asked him if he could at least respect the concerns of these wary Utah Republicans.
Chaffetz considered the question for a moment, making an “Ehh…” sound that seemed to signal skepticism. But eventually he nodded, returning to his true north. “There’s a saying,” he told me. “The voters are always right.”



ARTICLE
Mick Mulvaney, President Trump’s director of the Office of Management and Budget, described the administration’s new spending proposal as a “hard-power budget,” and by design it echoes President Trump’s top campaign priorities—namely, national security. But to create additional funding for defense programs and immigration enforcement, the budget would cut funding to the Environmental Protection Agency by 31 percent.
The EPA isn’t the only agency slated to suffer, but it is absorbing the largest blow. Faced with a cut of $2.6 billion, it would stand to lose approximately one-third of its total budget, cutting its resources to the lowest level in 40 years, adjusted for inflation. The cuts to the EPA are significantly greater than those suggested by congressional Republicans—who proposed a modest $291 million cut from former President Obama’s last budget request—and they’re achieved in part by eliminating 3,200 positions, one-fifth of the staff.
Beyond the raw numbers, the unprecedented budget cuts to the EPA would pose a great danger to Americans’ lives if enacted. Practically speaking, funding for climate-change research would be axed, public-health programs would be effectively defunded, state environmental programs would be closed, and regional projects would end. Make no mistake: Human health would be endangered.
There are a number of health risks inherent to the proposed budget cuts, thanks in part to Trump’s promises to leave only “a little bit” of federal regulations. For example, the EPA Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention runs a program that screens and tests endocrine disruptors, which are harmful chemicals that pose a threat to reproductive health and children’s growth and development. Under the Trump budget, funding for this program would be cut from $7.5 million to $445,000—rendering the program inoperable and ineffective. Trump also wants to significantly cut the federal radon program to the tune of 80 percent. Radon, a naturally occurring radioactive gas, is believed to cause lung cancer and is linked to 21,000 deaths annually. An estimated one in 15 homes has high levels of the gas, and this small program promotes radon testing in homes.
Pollution poses an undeniable threat to public health, as the Supreme Court has validated. A 2013 Massachusetts Institute of Technology study reported that roughly 19,000 more people die prematurely from automobile pollution each year than die in car accidents. The same year, Harvard University researchers found that pregnant women living in areas with elevated levels of air pollution “were up to twice as likely” to have an autistic child, compared with women in low-pollution locations. And a new study released in January found that air pollution increases the risk and expedites the onset of dementia and other forms of cognitive decline.
The Clean Air Act of 1970 was designed to control air pollution on a national level by authorizing the development of comprehensive regulations to limit emissions. It has been extremely successful—between 1970 and 2015, “aggregate national emissions [of] six common pollutants alone dropped an average of 70 percent,” the EPA reports. A summary report of the benefits and costs associated with the act estimates that public and private spending to reduce pollution will reach approximately $65 billion annually by 2020. By contrast, the economic benefits are estimated to reach approximately $2 trillion dollars in 2020 alone. Yet under Trump’s proposed budget—despite the public-health and economic advantages—funding for the Clean Air Act would be cut in half.
Perhaps the greatest threat the new budget poses is to several vital bodies of water. Trump’s budget would reduce funding for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, or GLRI, by more than 90 percent, from $300 million to $10 million. The GLRI is the largest investment in the Great Lakes in two decades. The EPA partners with federal agencies and provides local grants to achieve its goals of targeting and eliminating threats to the Great Lakes’ ecosystem, and fostering a safe environment for natural habitats and species. One of the program’s focuses is to restore “areas of concern”—areas that have been damaged by decades of industrial pollution. The EPA has effectively improved several areas so that they could be removed from the concern list.
The Great Lakes are the largest surface freshwater source in the world. Comprising 84 percent of North America’s surface freshwater and 21 percent of the world’s supply of surface freshwater, the Great Lakes provide drinking water to approximately 40 million people in the United States and Canada. We must remember that Lake Erie used to spontaneously combust because it was so polluted—cutting the GLRI will result in significant increases in pollution and a return to some of the same problems that plagued this significant source of clean water for years to come. Surely in the wake of the Flint water crisis—where lead leached into the Michigan city’s water supply after officials switched its source to the Flint River to cut costs—we can recognize this is not a risk worth taking.
In addition to the GLRI, Trump’s proposed budget eliminates funds to the Chesapeake Bay Program, which coordinates the efforts of the six bay-watershed states in meeting pollution-reduction goals. Those states have tried to come to an agreement on how to manage the watershed, but to no avail, which is why the EPA’s coordinating role is so essential. Reversing the progress the bay has achieved would lead to poor water quality, unhealthy fish, and the destruction of the economies that depend on those fish.
This “hard-power budget,” aimed at “decreasing the power of government in Americans’ lives,” as Trump said on the campaign trail, poses a threat to the health and well-being of all Americans. As Congress considers its own spending proposals to counter the president’s, lawmakers must reject Trump’s cuts to the EPA—for the sake of all Americans’ health.



ARTICLE
Legislating is often described as more art than science, but it’s really just grade-school arithmetic: Bills either have the votes needed to pass, or they don’t.
Republicans have a president in the White House and a numerical majority in Congress—237 seats out of the 430 currently occupied in the House, and 52 out of 100 in the Senate. In theory, that’s enough to run the show. “Welcome to the dawn of a new unified Republican government,” an ebullient House Speaker Paul Ryan declared to reporters the week after the November election.
He was using the word “unified” in a general sense. Republicans now had, in the presidency, the capstone to their decade-long crawl back to power in Washington. But as the last week has made abundantly clear, the idea of unification was wishful thinking, and mostly an illusion. As Ryan and Trump surveyed the results of the elections, they each seemed to see a much bigger victory than the GOP had actually won.
The president described his relatively narrow Electoral College margin—paired with a popular vote loss—as a “massive landslide.” And Ryan moved swiftly to enact a conservative agenda with Republican votes alone. He envisioned a GOP version of the Democrats’ legislative burst in 2009, when President Barack Obama, Speaker Nancy Pelosi, and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid teamed up to enact a major stimulus bill, the Affordable Care Act, Wall Street reform, and countless other more modest pieces of legislation in under two years.
But there was a big difference between the unified Democratic government of 2009-2010 and the Republican majorities of today: votes. The Democrats simply had many more of them. In the House, Obama’s party controlled at least 255 seats during most of the 111th Congress, and for a seven-month stretch in late 2009, Democrats had 60 votes in the Senate—enough to defeat a GOP filibuster. When the House approved the final version of Obamacare in March 2010, the bill passed despite opposition from 34 Democrats. Republicans could have survived no more than 22 defections on the American Health Care Act last week, and when Ryan withdrew the bill, Trump said the party leadership was about 10 to 15 votes short. In other words, if Republicans had the same number of seats as Democrats did seven years ago, the legislation would have passed.
The failure of the GOP health-care bill has, rather predictably, unleashed a circular firing squad within the party. Ryan blamed the compromise-averse members of the House Freedom Caucus, who in turn blamed the moderates. Conservative activists and Trump loyalists blamed the speaker, while the president is lashing out at just about anyone who didn’t support the bill, including Democrats who were excluded from the process from the beginning.
“The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team, & fast,” Trump tweeted Thursday morning. “We must fight them, & Dems, in 2018!”
If the president is battling both conservatives and Democrats for the next 20 months, who does that leave to pass his agenda? Subtracting the three dozen or so members of the Freedom Caucus leaves Trump with about 200 votes in the House—well short of a 218-vote majority. At other moments in the past week, though, the president has talked about working with Democrats to strike a deal on health care.
That’s not sitting well with Ryan, who is clinging to his dream of a Republican-only agenda, however fast it might be fading. “I worry we’ll push the president into working with Democrats,” the speaker told CBS’s Norah O’Donnell in an interview broadcast Thursday morning. “I don’t want that to happen.”
The bluntness of Ryan’s remark shocked even his fellow Republican, Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, who responded on Twitter: “We have come a long way in our country when the speaker of one party urges a president NOT to work with the other party to solve a problem.”
The speaker clarified later in the day that his comment was limited to health care and that he was not foreclosing the possibility of bipartisanship altogether. But the exchange underscored that the gulf within the Republican Party is just not about policy, but about governing philosophy. Ryan’s vision of legislating has rarely included Democrats, which is one reason he worked so carefully to craft health-care and tax bills that could circumvent the 60-vote filibuster threshold in the Senate.
That strategy has always been iffy, however, because Republicans have barely enough votes to assemble a simple majority in the upper chamber, let alone a three-fifths supermajority. In the first three months of the new Congress, the Senate has not passed a single piece of significant legislation that was subject to a filibuster. Aside from confirming a couple dozen nominees to Trump’s Cabinet, all Republicans have been able to do is clear resolutions of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act, which by law need only 51 votes to pass.
And even those have been arduous. On Thursday morning, as Ryan was scoffing at the notion of bipartisanship, Senator Johnny Isakson of Georgia was casting his first vote in six weeks across the Capitol. Battling Parkinson’s disease and recovering from two back surgeries, he appeared on the Senate floor with the help of a walker and gave Republicans their 50th vote for a measure that would kill an Obama administration rule prohibiting states from blocking federal grants from going to Planned Parenthood. Two GOP senators supportive of Planned Parenthood, Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, had already voted no on the bill, and Vice President Mike Pence was waiting for Isakson so he could cast a tie-breaking vote in favor of the resolution.
It was an unfortunate picture of the Republican congressional majority at the moment—slim and halting, and much shakier than it once seemed.



ARTICLE
DURHAM, N.C.— Depending on your point of view, Thursday was either a red-letter day for North Carolina or a day that should leave the state’s leaders red-faced with shame.
Thursday afternoon, Governor Roy Cooper signed into law a bipartisan bill repealing H.B. 2, the “bathroom bill” that Republican lawmakers enacted one year ago. That law required that transgender people in public facilities use the bathroom corresponding to the sex on their birth certificate, forcing them to use facilities set aside for the opposite gender.
Cooper’s signature was the culmination of a year of campaigning, and the governor, a Democrat, owes his office in part to the law’s unpopularity. But in what he declared was a moment of victory, Cooper found himself defending the deal against furious attacks from progressive grassroots groups.
“I wish this were complete, total repeal and whenever I get a chance to do that, I’m going to do it,” Cooper said during a press conference at the governor’s mansion in Raleigh, where he announced his signature and tried to sell the bill. He blamed the Republican supermajority in both chambers of the legislature for blocking a better law. “Doesn’t do everything we want it to do. More to do. I’m going to keep fighting every single day for LGBT protections.”
The new law repeals H.B. 2 entirely, but it also places a moratorium on North Carolina cities passing any nondiscrimination ordinances (or other employment law rules) until 2020. Transgender North Carolinians will now be at license to use the bathroom of their choosing, but cities cannot enact their own rules barring any discrimination against transgender people, or indeed other members of the LGBT community.
If a compromise is something that leaves both sides unhappy, this was indeed a compromise. Socially conservative Republicans, including H.B. 2 sponsor Senator Dan Bishop, railed against the bill in the legislature. Progressive groups, meanwhile, complain that the law is merely a kinder, gentler version of H.B. 2, because it does not allow for cities to pass their own nondiscrimination ordinances.
H.B. 2 was passed in notoriously hasty fashion, with the legislature convening a special session, passing the bill, and sending it to the governor in less than 12 hours, leaving opponents no time to marshal forces against it. In an ironic echo, its repeal was nearly as speedy: GOP leaders in the legislature announced the deal late Wednesday night, and activists hastened to lobby against the bill on Thursday even as votes went forward and it passed. The bill split Democrats and Republicans in both chambers.
The ultimate verdict on the deal will depend on the way its received by the two core constituencies opposing H.B. 2. One was a groundswell of grassroots activists and national advocacy groups. The other was corporate pressure: Several major employers canceled big jobs expansion in North Carolina, and the NBA, NCAA, and ACC all canceled sporting events in the state. An Associated Press estimate last week found that the law would cost the Old North State at least $3.76 billion over 12 years. In fact, the haste to pass Thursday’s deal was in part because of a looming NCAA deadline to repeal the law before the college-sports body scheduled a slate of events through 2022.
“This law I’m signing today is not just about North Carolina’s reputation or jobs or sports,” Cooper said. “It’s about working to end discrimination.” But he acknowledged that the NCAA deadline was a factor in the agreement, saying he worried that if Democrats didn’t strike a deal to at least mitigate the worst of H.B. 2 before that deadline, they’d lose all leverage to repeal the law before 2018.
Whether the law will actually win back those organizations remains to be seen. Cooper said he had been in touch with them throughout the process. The ACC, which is based in Greensboro, issued a statement saying the law would lead them to reopen discussions about hosting events in the state. The NCAA and NBA have not yet weighed in. The Raleigh-based software company Red Hat, an outspoken critic of H.B. 2, applauded the deal, and the North Carolina Chamber supported it as well.
But for the other camp, the economic losses were never the main point: It was about injustice and discrimination. Many of them reacted furiously to the agreement.
The Human Rights Campaign and Equality NC, a major state LGBT group, were among the critics Thursday. “H.B. 2 was hastily passed without any input from the LGBTQ community just one year ago,” Chris Sgro, who is Equality NC’s executive director and briefly served as a Democrat in the legislature last year, said in a statement. “Today, we returned to the legislature with a deal made between Governor Cooper, [and Republican leaders] Phil Berger and Tim Moore that once again left out the ones most impacted by the discriminatory law—LGBTQ North Carolinians.”
The Transgender Law Center said Cooper and the legislature had “bargained away the civil rights of transgender people.” The ACLU and Lambda Legal, which have been involved in litigation against H.B. 2, were equally angry, calling it a “fake repeal.”
“The governor and General Assembly may be turning their backs on LGBT North Carolinians today, but we are not,” said Sarah Gillooly, policy director for the ACLU of North Carolina.
An editorial in The Charlotte Observer said that the law was “a betrayal of the promises the governor made to the LGBT community and a doubling down on discrimination by Republican legislators who have backed it all along.” The paper added, “This was the first real test of leadership for Gov. Cooper, a Democrat, and he failed spectacularly by inexplicably discarding his earlier promise not to accept any deal that left people vulnerable to discrimination.”
Other progressive groups and leaders expressed frustration with the law without singling Cooper out. The Reverend William Barber, the head of the North Carolina NAACP and the leader of the powerful Moral Movement, issued a statement saying, “HB2 must be repealed in full. This bill is anti-worker, anti-access to the courts, and anti-LGBTQ. It is shameful for Tim Moore and Phil Berger to demand a discriminatory compromise on a bill that should have never been passed in the first place.”
Progress NC, another liberal group, issued a statement saying the deal “may satisfy the NCAA, but many in our state still feel left behind,” but it omitted any mention of Cooper and took Republicans to task instead.
Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts supported the Queen City ordinance, passed in February, that angered the General Assembly and led to the passage of H.B. 2 last year. She said in a statement that “this is not a repeal nor is this a reset.” (The city itself issued a more positive statement.)
Cooper was clearly aware of the criticisms as he stepped up to the lectern at the governor’s mansion. He portrayed the bill as an essential but inadequate step and promised to keep fighting for greater protections.
“We begin to end discrimination in North Carolina. We begin to bring back jobs and sporting events. We begin to repair our reputation,” he said. “It’s an important step, but it cannot be the only step.”
Cooper argued that the fact that transgender people were no longer barred from using the bathroom of their choice was central. He also said he had successfully blocked a Republican attempt to include a “conscience” provision, allowing people to assert religious belief to sidestep state nondiscrimination requirements. He said cities could pass ordinances that prevented discrimination in their own policies, and for contractors working for cities. Cooper acknowledged that he didn’t like the moratorium on private-employment policies.
“I wish it were sooner than 2020. I really do,” he said. “But while these additional protections may be temporary delayed, they will not be forever denied.”
I spoke with Darren Jackson, the Democratic leader in the house, as Cooper was wrapping up. Jackson said the problem was not lack of political will from Cooper or other Democrats, but simply the limits of possibility: Too many Republicans were from rural areas unaffected by the economic backlash, and were “happy just letting the state burn,” to pass a more complete repeal.
“The choice today was to leave H.B. 2 as state law at least until after the next General Assembly election in 2018,” he said. “Being in the room with these folks and negotiating the last year, I don’t believe [repeal without a moratorium] was possible.”
A compromise floated in December would have repealed H.B. 2 with just a six-month “cooling-off” period before cities could enact new ordinances. Jackson said that although that deal sounded better, he did not believe it ever had enough support from Republicans to pass, and that today’s deal was the best one available.
It was clear that many Democrats were lukewarm on the bill but saw it as politically necessary. Representative Mickey Michaux, a colorful veteran of the civil-rights movement, explained his reasoning bluntly during House debate: “I'm going to support my governor so he’ll have an opportunity to have a second term.”
Whether, and to what extent, repeal will be an electoral boon to Cooper is an open question. H.B. 2 has become deeply unpopular, even among Republicans in the state, and for months the problem has not been whether to repeal the law, but how to do it. North Carolina is the home of a robust grassroots political movement, and that movement was galvanized by H.B. 2.
Dislike of the law was a major factor in the defeat of Governor Pat McCrory, a Republican who had become the public face of the law, in November. But Cooper’s margin of victory was tiny—barely more than 10,000 votes, out of 4.6 million cast—and he headed to Raleigh with Republican supermajorities in the legislature, which promptly moved to strip the governor of some of his powers in a nakedly partisan maneuver.
By signing a bill so disliked by activists on Thursday, Cooper may gain the support of moderates glad to be rid of H.B. 2, but alienate the affections of the people who helped put him office.
“I certainly don’t begrudge the liberal groups, progressive groups that are very upset by this,” Jackson said. Cooper’s allies acknowledged on Thursday that the governor would have to work to reach out to those groups and patch up ties.
The governor may have gotten a sense of that task Thursday, when a protest assembled outside the governor’s mansion. The rally was organized by the Air Horn Orchestra, an ad-hoc group that formed to protest—and annoy—McCrory using their eponymous instruments. The group thought it had an ally in Cooper, and Grayson Haver Currin, a writer who co-founded AHO, and had even discussed visiting the governor’s mansion. Now, Currin joked, they were inviting themselves instead.
“I don’t think you can compromise on civil rights. You can’t compromise on people’s dignity,” he said.
Currin said watching the repeal effort quickly come into reality had been disorienting and disappointing.
“I don’t think anyone was under the impression that Roy Cooper was going to push an extremely progressive agenda as governor,” he said, but nonetheless, “It doesn’t really seem like Roy Cooper is standing for anything.”
Currin said he didn’t know what effect today’s signing might have on Cooper’s reelection prospects in 2020, though he expected it would undermine progressive faith in him. Certainly, Currin figured it would cut into his own commitment to the cause.
“I probably won’t devote 30 Wednesdays in a row to campaigning for him,” Currin said.



ARTICLE
Why does someone request immunity from prosecution before speaking with federal investigators? That question will likely consume Washington in the weeks ahead after Thursday night’s bombshell Wall Street Journal report about former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn.
According to the Journal, Flynn is seeking an immunity deal from the FBI and the congressional intelligence committees in exchange for an interview on the Russia investigation, a potentially ominous move for a Trump administration struggling to move past the allegations surrounding it. What Flynn would discuss with investigators if granted immunity is unknown. According to the Journal, neither FBI investigators nor the congressional committees have accepted his offer so far. The New York Times cited an unnamed congressional official as saying investigators are not willing to broker a deal “until they are further along in their inquiries and they better understand what information Mr. Flynn might offer as part of a deal.”
A cryptic statement by Robert Kelner, Flynn’s attorney, also provided more questions than answers. “General Flynn certainly has a story to tell, and he very much wants to tell it, should the circumstances permit,” Kelner said. “Out of respect for the Committees, we will not comment right now on the details of discussions between counsel for General Flynn and the House and Senate Intelligence Committees, other than to confirm that those discussions have taken place.”
A request for immunity isn’t an admission of guilt or wrongdoing. It may be sought by witnesses who fear that their words could be used against them, as a condition of their testimony. The Journal previously reported FBI agents had questioned Flynn in January shortly after the Trump administration denied he had spoken with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak the previous month. While the precise nature of that interview is unknown, it is a federal crime to lie to the FBI during a criminal investigation.
But the move could also be a purely prophylactic measure. “Not withstanding his life of national service, the media are awash with unfounded accusations, outrageous claims of treason, and vicious innuendo directed against him,” Kelner said. “He is now the target of unsubstantiated public demands by Members of Congress and other political critics that he be criminally investigated. No reasonable person, who has the benefit of advice from counsel, would submit to questioning in such a highly politicized, witch hunt environment without assurances against unfair prosecution.”
Flynn’s prominent roles in the Trump campaign, the presidential transition, and the first month of the administration placed him at the center of the president’s inner circle during its most pivotal months. That preeminence came to an abrupt end last month when he was fired by President Trump last month for lying about his conversations with the Russian ambassador during the transition. The former Army general had previously been dismissed by the Obama administration after a rocky tenure as head of the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2014. In both positions, Flynn’s combative management style reportedly alienated top White House officials in the Obama and Trump White Houses.
The controversy that eventually led to Flynn’s ouster began in December, when the Obama administration imposed sanctions against the Russian government. The U.S. intelligence community accused Moscow of using cyberthefts targeting the Democratic National Committee and top Clinton campaign officials to influence the 2016 presidential election and undermine Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton’s bid for the White House.
The same day the sanctions were announced, Flynn spoke with Kislyak multiple times by phone. He and top Trump administration officials subsequently denied reports that the two men had spoken, only to subsequently oust him as national security advisor after multiple news outlets reported that U.S. intelligence agencies had picked up conversations between them during their routine surveillance of foreign diplomats. It’s not unusual for those suspected of lying to federal authorities to seek immunity before testifying further.
Russia isn’t the only country haunting Flynn. Earlier this month, he filed paperwork with the Justice Department to retroactively register under the Foreign  Agent Registration Act as a lobbyist for the Turkish government. Such filings aren’t unusual in Washington, where foreign countries often hire lobbyist firms to represent their interests or burnish their image. But Turkey’s contract with Flynn’s firm was signed in August, three months before Trump selected him to be the national security adviser. The White House later admitted after Flynn’s filing that it had known he could be required to register as a foreign agent before the inauguration.
Trump’s former electoral opponent Hillary Clinton also saw members of her inner circle receive immunity deals last year. The FBI reportedly granted Cheryl Mills, a top Clinton aide, and a handful of other associates limited immunity deals during the agency’s investigation into Clinton’s use of a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state. In that case, the deals did not result in other prosecutions: FBI Director James Comey ultimately declined to recommend charges against Clinton or anyone else involved in the investigation in July.
But immunity deals can carry their own whiff of misconduct, which can be seized upon by opportunistic political opponents, as Flynn himself told NBC’s Meet the Press last September when discussing the Clinton campaign’s legal woes. “When you are given immunity, that means you have probably committed a crime,” he insisted.



ARTICLE
The New York Times reported that two White House officials provided House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes with intelligence information about Trump campaign officials. In a tweet, President Trump warned the House Freedom Caucus that they will “hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don’t get on the team,” and vowed to “fight them” in the 2018 midterm elections. North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper signed legislation repealing H.B. 2, the so-called “bathroom bill” that barred transgender people from using bathrooms corresponding with their gender identities. Vice President Mike Pence broke a tie-vote in the Senate, advancing legislation that would allow states to block federal family-planning funds to abortion providers. The White House confirmed that Trump will meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping at Trump’s Mar-a-lago resort in Florida next week.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Delayed Announcement?: Newsweek reports that FBI Director James Comey wanted to inform the public about Russia’s intent to interfere in the presidential election as early as summer 2016, “but Obama administration officials blocked him from doing so.” (Josh Saul and Max Kutner)
A New Repeal and Replace: President Trump’s newest executive order directs the Environmental Protection Agency to rewrite the Clean Power Plan, and here, Catrina Rorke writes, Republicans have an opportunity: “With bicameral majorities, conservatives can find their voice and develop authentic, principled solutions to addressing the challenge of climate change.” (The American Conservative)
Buy American, Hire American: Donald Trump pledged to buy U.S. products and create jobs for American citizens. But U.S. trade law may require him to buy non-American materials for the construction of a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. (T. Christian Miller, ProPublica)
Unpacking the Order: Emily Hammond, an environmental-law expert with George Washington University, annotated Trump’s climate executive order to provide analysis and context—provision by provision. (Vox)
Where You Lead: China is the world’s largest emitter of greenhouse gases, followed by the United States. Trump’s retreat from his predecessor’s efforts to curb climate change could position China to take the lead. (Edward Wong, The New York Times)
Will the Dems Filibuster Trump’s Supreme Court Nominee?: The New York Times compiled a list of the Democratic senators who support a filibuster as well as those who are undecided.
The Quest to Find James Comey's Twitter Account: On Wednesday, FBI Director James Comey conceded he’s on Twitter. So, Gizmodo's Ashley Feinberg decided to go searching for his account.
Republicans’ plan to repeal and replace Obamacare flopped last week, but President Trump is ready to move to the next item on his agenda—tax reform. What would you like to see the Trump administration focus on and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Updated on March 30 at 2:44 p.m.
For more than a week, House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes has provided the hottest topic for speculation in Washington: Where did he receive mysterious reports that suggested intelligence surveillance of Trump transition team officials?
Now, there appears to be an answer, courtesy of The New York Times: a pair of officials in the Trump White House. The paper reports:

Several current American officials identified the White House officials as Ezra Cohen-Watnick, the senior director for intelligence at the National Security Council, and Michael Ellis, a lawyer who works on national security issues at the White House Counsel’s Office and formerly worked on the staff of the House Intelligence Committee.

The White House did not comment. Nunes’s spokesman reiterated that he would not identify his source.
In short, the new chronology is this: White House officials leaked intelligence information to Nunes, who then announced them last Wednesday as fresh revelations, saying that he had received them from an unnamed source and that the White House was unaware. Nunes then made a show of going to the White House to brief President Trump on revelations that had come from his staff in the first place. The administration finally used the information to claim vindication on its still-evidence-free claims that President Obama surveilled then-candidate Trump.
This runs directly counter to Nunes’s statements on March 22. Before he went to the White House, a reporter asked Nunes whether the White House should be briefing him, rather than the reverse.
“Well, the administration isn’t aware of this, so I need to make sure I go over there and tell them what I know, because it involves them,” he replied.
The revelation underscores complaints that Nunes, a California Republican and close ally of the president, is too close to the administration or is even working at its behest. It also sheds new light on a strange incident preceding the Wednesday revelation. Nunes visited a National Security Council sensitive-information room at the White House complex to view classified information, but he claimed—somewhat implausibly—that White House officials were unaware of his visit, and White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer has deferred questions to Nunes, saying he has no information about the visit. If the Times report is correct, it casts doubt on the truthfulness of Nunes’s story on that count, too. The chairman said his information came from an intelligence official, although Ellis is a Navy Reserve intelligence officer.
Speculation about Nunes’s source had already begun to focus on Ellis, who was general counsel for Nunes’s House Intelligence Committee before moving to the White House earlier in March. Cohen-Watnick is a protege of former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, who was forced to resign after leaked intelligence reports showed he had lied to the vice president and the American people about contacts with the Russian ambassador. Flynn’s successor, General H.R. McMaster, reportedly wanted to remove Cohen-Watrick but was overruled by Trump.
Nunes’s conduct has become a target for widespread criticism. His decision to hurriedly brief the president, without having shared information with either Republican or Democratic members of the committee, elicited curiosity and Democratic fury. Since then, Ranking Member Adam Schiff and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi have been among several Democrats who have called for Nunes to recuse himself from the Russia investigation. Despite putatively being the head of an independent investigation, he told Fox News’s Sean Hannity that he felt obliged to brief the president because Trump was subject to heated press criticism.
The actual content of Nunes’s claims remains unclear. He said the surveillance appears to be lawful snooping on foreign nationals and did not involve Russia. He said, however, that Trump transition team officials were “incidentally collected,” the term used to describe when U.S. nationals are heard during surveillance of foreigners. Typically, their names are supposed to redacted, or “masked,” before intelligence is spread. Nunes claims masking was insufficient. But it has since become clear that Trump team members may not have been directly incidentally collected, but were merely mentioned during conversations—which would hardly be surprising, since they were part of the incoming presidential administration.
Meanwhile, Nunes is in the difficult position of claiming intelligence information was too widely shared based on intelligence information he has haphazardly released. The representative could theoretically be subject to a House ethics probe for releasing it, or potentially a Justice Department leak investigation.
Schiff has argued that Nunes has a choice: He can either act as a surrogate for the White House, or he can head up the House’s investigation into Trump. During a moment of striking, and perhaps unintentional, honesty, Representative Ted Yoho, a Florida Republican, was asked on MSNBC on Thursday if he was concerned about Nunes potentially parroting White House information back to it. “You gotta keep in mind who he works for,” Yoho said. “He works for the president.”
Each new piece of information that emerges suggests Nunes agrees.



ARTICLE
Updated 2:17 p.m. EDT
In the late days of December, the Obama administration made a last-ditch attempt to protect Planned Parenthood from the incoming Republican Congress. On Thursday, the Senate voted to overturn the Obama administration’s regulation, lifting restrictions on how states treat abortion providers and clearing the way for Congress to take further action. The House had already passed the measure, and the Senate needed only a simple majority to get it through. When the vote came to a tie, Vice President Mike Pence cast the final ballot, taking Congress one step closer to taking money away from abortion providers.
Here’s how it all works. Since 1970, the federal government has made grants to organizations that provide family-planning services under Title X of the Public Health Service Act; it’s the only federal program “focused solely on providing family planning,” according to the Department of Health and Human Services. The federal government can give money directly to health-care organizations, or it can award grants to states, which hand out the cash as they see fit. Although federal funds, including Medicaid, generally can’t be used to pay for abortions, some Title X money goes to abortion providers: In 2011, NPR reported that roughly a quarter of those dollars go to Planned Parenthood affiliates.
Some states have moved to stop that from happening. According to the December HHS regulation, 13 states have “taken actions to restrict participation by certain types of providers” since 2011, making rules “based on reasons other than the providers’ ability to provide Title X services.” Those “reasons,” of course, have to do with abortion: States like Arkansas bar federal funds from going to family-planning clinics that also end pregnancies.
The Obama administration’s regulation was designed to make sure abortion providers could continue getting Title X money. It prohibits states from preventing money from going to certain organizations for reasons other than their ability to provide “Title X services.” These services might include counseling on contraception and STD prevention. Miscellaneous restrictions “hinder the program's statutory mission,” the regulation argues, and adversely affect women and families.  
This regulation was always a clear target for Republican members of Congress. It was issued in late December of 2016, after Democrats had lost the election; it places restrictions on states; and it protects abortion clinics. Congress has the legal authority to overturn regulations it dislikes under certain conditions, and this one came up early in this year’s session: 10 days after Inauguration, a resolution was introduced to overturn the HHS rule. The House easily passed it in February. And on Thursday, the Senate passed it as well.
The Senate’s vote wasn’t nearly as straightforward as the House’s. There were two Republican defectors: Susan Collins of Maine, and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska. Maine’s Angus King and Vermont’s Bernie Sanders, both independents, also voted against it. No Democrats voted in favor of overturning the regulation. In the end, with 50 senators on each side and a simple majority needed to resolve the question, Vice President Pence was the one who decided it: As the president of the Senate, he has the authority to cast a vote in the case of a tie.
While the legislation has not yet been signed by the president, it seems clear that the White House supports it. After all, the second-in-command made a special trip to the Senate chambers just to see it through. This resolution doesn’t do anything to Planned Parenthood immediately, and future attempts could, unlike this bill, be subject to a Democratic filibuster. But it clears the way for more legislative action—and the inevitable attempts ahead to defund the abortion giant and other providers.



ARTICLE
The expansion of Medicaid in one of the nation’s most Republican states will have to wait at least a little longer.
Governor Sam Brownback of Kansas on Thursday vetoed legislation expanding Medicaid passed with Republican majorities in the state’s House and Senate. Supporters of the bill are likely a few votes shy of the two-thirds majority needed to override Brownback’s veto.
The move was expected, since Brownback has opposed expanding Medicaid for years. But the expansion effort could find new life if the governor leaves office before his term ends next year; President Trump is reportedly considering an appointment for Brownback as U.N. ambassador for food agriculture, a posting that would take the one-time presidential candidate from Topeka to Rome.
Kansas is one of several states that has moved toward accepting federal money to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act following the failure last week of Republican-backed legislation in Congress to repeal the law. With support from Democrats, a coalition of moderate Republicans pushed Medicaid expansion through the state House on a 81-44 vote last month. The state Senate followed suit earlier this week, sending the measure to Brownback on a 25-13 vote.
The bill was the latest salvo in the increasingly combative relationship between the conservative governor and the Republicans in control of the legislature. Lawmakers in Topeka nearly overrode Brownback’s veto earlier this year of legislation that would have reversed the steep tax cuts he enacted during his first years in office. Brownback’s popularity in Kansas has sunk as deficits in the state have ballooned, and at least one poll suggests his latest veto won’t help lift his support: The survey funded by the American Cancer Society, which backs expansion, found that 82 percent of respondents in the state favored accepting additional Medicaid money from Washington.
In a veto message, Brownback said the cost of expanding Medicaid was “irresponsible and unsustainable” at a time when the state is dealing with an ongoing budget crisis. He cited a study finding that it would cost Kansas $1.2 billion in the coming years, while supporters of the Medicaid bill have said the state is giving up an even higher amount in federal support without expansion.
Brownback, who is staunchly opposed to abortion, also denounced the legislation for facilitating an increase in Medicaid reimbursements for Planned Parenthood, the women’s health nonprofit that performs abortions. Federal law already prohibits taxpayer funding of abortion, but conservatives have called for cutting off money to the organization nonetheless. “From its infancy, the state of Kansas has affirmed the dignity and equality of each human life,” he said in a statement. “I will not support this legislation that continues to fund organizations that undermine a culture of life.”
Finally, the governor argued that because Republicans in Congress are still discussing legislation that would repeal Obamacare, Kansas would put itself at risk by expanding Medicaid if that effort was successful. “Attempting to overhaul our current system while these changes are still being worked out is potentially harmful to our state,” Brownback wrote.
Yet the threat of repeal was exactly why many Republicans wanted to move forward with expansion. “There's the potential for this to go away,” David Jordan, executive director of the Alliance for a Healthy Kansas, told me. “We're much better served by getting in under than being left behind, than being one of the have-not states.”
Brownback’s veto ensures Medicaid expansion in Kansas won’t happen immediately, but it doesn’t necessarily mean it won’t happen at all.



ARTICLE
Updated on March 30, 2017 at 5:57 p.m.
Donald Trump is escalating his attacks on hardline conservatives in Congress in for a fight that could deepen the rifts within the Republican Party that already threaten to hobble the president’s agenda.
On Thursday, Trump tweeted: “The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don’t get on the team, & fast.” He added: “We must fight them, & Dems, in 2018!”
It is highly unusual for a president to call for a fight against members of his own party. The president has not publicly said he would support any primary challenges to members of the House Freedom Caucus in the upcoming midterm elections. But if nothing else, the incident signals that the so-called GOP “civil war” is far from over, even if Trump’s election did hand the Republican Party control of Congress and the White House.
Intraparty divides have risen to the surface in the aftermath of the election and appear poised to jeopardize Trump’s priorities. The difficulty of finding common ground between competing factions within the GOP was clear last week when House Speaker Paul Ryan announced there would not be a vote on a Republican health care bill, which represented the legislative culmination of the GOP’s years- long protest against Obamacare, after failing to amass adequate support from conservatives and moderates.
After the health care effort unraveled, Trump quickly started to pin the blame on the Freedom Caucus. Over the weekend, he painted the hardline conservative group as an ally to Democrats, tweeting: “Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club for Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood & Ocare!” On Thursday, Trump’s line of attack was similar as he went after both Democrats and the Freedom Caucus at the same time.
Later in the day, the president started singling out individual Republican members of the caucus in a series of tweets urging them to support his health care push.

If @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts & reform.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 30, 2017

Where are @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador?#RepealANDReplace #Obamacare
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 30, 2017
Trump may believe that putting public pressure on the Freedom Caucus, and Democrats, will help him win leverage for legislative battles ahead. In the wake of the health-care bill’s collapse, the administration has signaled that it intends to pursue tax reform, and an infrastructure spending deal. But the president’s public attacks on conservatives and Democrats may actually make it harder for him to find congressional support for his legislative wishlist.
To start, Trump does not seem to be giving conservatives in Congress much of a reason to work with him. The president may back hardline conservatives into a corner where they feel they have no choice but to oppose him so long as he continues to publicly attack them.
That scenario appears to have played out on a small-scale during the recent health-care debate. Trump reportedly went after GOP Representative Mark Meadows, the current chair of the Freedom Caucus, during a closed-door meeting over the group’s resistance to the legislation, threatening to “come after” the congressman “big time.” In a post-mortem of the legislation’s defeat, Politico’s Tim Alberta explains how that strategy backfired. “That was the biggest mistake the president could have made,” a Freedom caucus member told Alberta. “Mark desperately wanted to get to yes, and Trump made it impossible for him. If he flipped after that he would look incredibly weak.”
The House Freedom Caucus is, after all, made up of members who have built a reputation for themselves as anti-establishment agitators. Members of the group might be particularly careful to avoid any appearance that they’re caving to Trump’s demands as a result. In a sign of defiance, Representative Justin Amash, a member of the caucus, responded to president’s tweet on Thursday by suggesting that Trump may have already sold out to the establishment.
If Trump can gin up grassroots opposition against the House Freedom Caucus that would put pressure on its members to fall in line. But one reason to doubt the possibility of any serious primary challenges is the fact that, as David Daley recently argued in The Washington Post, “gerrymandering efforts have made Meadows and the rest of his Freedom Caucus electorally invincible.” Politico also reported that Meadows was “hailed as [an] anti-Obamacare hero”by constituents in his congressional district for his role in the healthcare debate.
The Trump vs.  Freedom Caucus fight is a reminder that anti-establishment sentiment alone doesn’t necessarily provide a foundation for agreement on ideological principles or a policy agenda. Trump ran on a populist message that Washington is broken, and Freedom Caucus conservatives rail against Washington power brokers, but that doesn’t mean the president and the Freedom Caucus see eye-to-eye on policy. What happens next may provide clues as to which strain of ideology has more support within the Republican Party.
Trump may decide to turn to Democrats for help if he alienates conservatives. Former House Speaker John Boehner pursued that strategy to a certain extent, looking to members of the other party to help pass legislation when he could not win support from hardline conservatives. Ultimately, however, the speaker resigned his post amid escalating intransigence from House conservatives. For its part, the administration has suggested Trump might work with Democrats after the collapse of the health care bill. “I think it’s time to potentially get a few moderate Democrats on board,” White House chief of staff Reince Priebus told Fox News Sunday.
But congressional Democrats have few incentives to work with Trump either given his rock-bottom approval ratings among Democratic voters. Democratic lawmakers will likely feel even less compelled to consider the possibility of cooperation if Trump keeps up his attacks on them.
Even so, the mere possibility that the White House might consider negotiating with Democrats appears to have already exacerbated tensions within the GOP. In an interview to air on Thursday, House Speaker Paul Ryan reportedly expressed opposition to the idea of Trump working with members of the opposing political party.
“I don’t want that to happen,” Ryan said, according to Reuters. Republican Senator Bob Corker appeared to take issue with those comments earlier on Thursday when he tweeted: “We have come a long way in our country when the speaker of one party urges a president NOT to work with the other party to solve a problem.”



ARTICLE
What an age to be alive! The internet has broken out into a feverish and wildly entertaining debate over, of all things, the fallen nature of man. What prompted all of this was a profile of the vice president’s wife, Karen Pence, in The Washington Post, that included this detail about the vice president:

In 2002, Mike Pence told the Hill that he never eats alone with a woman other than his wife and that he won’t attend events featuring alcohol without her by his side, either.

How sexist! screamed half of the internet. This is akin to Salafism, argued others. Conservative Christians who attempted to stand up for Pence were quickly shouted down.
I have to confess: As a present Calvinist and as a former management consultant, I find this all exhilarating.
First off, as my colleague Emma Green has written, the vice president’s rule is a variation of what is known in evangelical circles as the “Billy Graham Rule.” Billy Graham famously refused to meet, travel, or dine with a woman alone. The presumed reasoning behind this rule was that Graham did not want to create the conditions that might lead to any extramarital dalliances or, given Graham’s ministry, the mere appearance of any impropriety that would harm his ability to win souls to Christ. Many, many evangelical pastors and laymen still follow some version of this rule.
Those outside the Church should know the Billy Graham Rule has come under a lot of criticism within the Church. First off, it’s increasingly recognized that the Billy Graham Rule is sexist in practice if not in theory. Because the leadership in evangelical churches is almost entirely male, the Billy Graham Rule has served to stifle the development and discipleship of female members of the Church. All too often in evangelical churches, men are afforded opportunities to meet individually with their pastors for deep theological discussions over coffee or beers while women are herded into a “moms’ group” or other all-female gatherings.
Second, the Billy Graham Rule reinforces the sexist notion that women have less to contribute to the life of the Church. The Church has struggled with the same sexism present in broader society since its inception. The Bible itself, meanwhile, tells a very different story about the worth of women as disciples and leaders, from Ruth and Naomi in the Old Testament to Mary and Martha in the New. In the Bible, it’s generally the women who keep their faith when the men falter.
Outside the Church, meanwhile, rules like those the vice president follows likewise harm the professional development of—and the professional opportunities afforded to—women. If, as either governor of Indiana or vice president of the United States, Mike Pence would share a glass of scotch at the end of the day with a male subordinate in a way that he would not with a female subordinate, that creates an obviously unfair advantage for the men working under Pence. Leaders in both the private and public sectors have to be very careful about creating such unequal opportunities for mentorship and professional development.
It’s also a fact of life—and one heterosexual Christian men like myself need to come to grips with—that women have made broad gains in the workforce since the heyday of Billy Graham’s ministry. I spent the first years of my working life in an all-male environment in the U.S. Army’s infantry and special operations communities but have spent most of my subsequent professional life working in jobs and in offices where women were, at least on paper, equal members of the team.
I most recently completed two years as a manager in the federal government where I led a 45-person team of both men and women with whom I often traveled internationally. As a manager, it never occurred to me that I might not dine with one of my female subordinates while abroad: Leaving aside my own merits as a dinner companion, to not afford them the same opportunities professionally that I afforded my male subordinates would have been grossly unfair.
All that having been said, count me among those who sympathizes with Mike and Karen Pence. I’m not sure when Americans stopped being so clear-eyed about man’s sinful nature, but it surely wasn’t too long ago that we could all agree that men and women are frail creatures who, when left to their own devices, often fail to do the right thing morally.
The dim view of man’s nature that informs Mike Pence’s rules for himself would have been as familiar to Enlightenment philosophers such as David Hume as they would have been to John Calvin or Martin Luther. Based on the outrage among progressives that Mike Pence’s rule sparked, I’m guessing Hume’s own influence on Alexander Hamilton in this regard—which greatly informed the decisions Hamilton and other founding fathers made as they created America’s national institutions—did not make it into the Lin-Manuel Miranda version of Hamilton’s life.
In addition, speaking as a married man, I am very reluctant to cast judgment on whatever measures a couple take to protect the sanctity of their marriage. I am married to a wonderful woman, and marriage is the most rewarding thing I have ever done. It’s also the hardest thing I have ever done, including parenting two small boys and making three combat deployments. Marriage is hard work, and when I see stories in the news about men and women who have strayed from their marriage vows, my first instinct is not to point and laugh but to instead be deeply saddened and reflect: There go I but for the grace of God.
My wife is an accomplished scientist, and we move easily in the more secular, educated circles of the Acela Corridor, but we actually met in … Bible study. (I am sometimes so sheepish about that fact that I instead tell people we met beta-testing Tinder.) We go to church with lots of people who think about marriage the same way the Pences think about theirs: That it’s a precious thing that must be carefully protected. And while I have come to believe the Billy Graham Rule and its variants are misguided, I completely understand why a husband and wife would want to place guardrails in their personal conduct to protect their marriage from both the temptations of the flesh as well as the many other ways in which marriages can atrophy or grow cold over time.
The Pences, at the very least, seem to have a healthy understanding of their own weaknesses. And that’s something to which we should all aspire.



ARTICLE
Updated on March 30 at 2:50 p.m.
DURHAM, N.C.—About a year ago, Republicans in the North Carolina General Assembly hurriedly passed H.B. 2, a law that barred transgender people from using the bathroom of the gender with which they identify, along with several other provisions. And almost ever since, the state has been trying and failing to find a way to reverse it.
Now, there is a breakthrough. On Thursday, the North Carolina General Assembly passed a bill to repeal the law while placing a moratorium on nondiscrimination measures. The bill is now headed to the desk of Governor Roy Cooper, who supported it. But the new bill, which is actually narrower than a repeal attempt that failed in December amid opposition from both Democrats and Republicans, has infuriated progressive groups that say it doesn’t go far enough.
The bill might be considered something of a Humpty Dumpty bill: The goal is try to put things back the way they were and pretend the whole fight never happened. The dispute kicked off in February 2016, when the city of Charlotte passed a local ordinance that barred discrimination against LGBT people, with a controversial provision saying that transgender people must be allowed to use the bathroom corresponding to the gender with which they identify.
The General Assembly then passed, within a span of less than 12 hours, H.B. 2, which not only reversed Charlotte’s law but prevented any other city from passing an LGBT nondiscrimination ordinance or raising its local minimum wage. The bill also mandated that transgender people in public facilities use the bathroom corresponding to the sex on their birth certificate.
The bill passed Thursday repeals H.B. 2 wholly. But it would bars any new regulation of bathroom usage by any state authority other than the General Assembly. In other words, it would appear that while transgender people are not barred from using the restroom of their choice, neither can any governmental authority protect their right to do so. The bill also maintains the current preemption of city rules. Local governments would be barred from passing any ordinance that dealt with private employment practices or public accommodations—which is to say any LGBT law or minimum-wage increase—until 2020. The bill would add to a growing log of laws that the General Assembly has passed since 2010 to preempt local governments from enacting more progressive rules.
The legislation actually imposes more restrictions on cities than a repeal attempt that failed in December, during a special session days before Christmas that was called for the express purpose of repealing H.B. 2. That bill, introduced by Senate President Pro Tempore Phil Berger, a Republican, would have repealed H.B. 2 and instituted a six-month cooling-off period before any local governments could pass a new ordinance on public accommodations. Democrats countered with a clean repeal demand. Both bills failed as the legislature collapsed into bitter partisan recrimination. Cooper opposed that deal.
More recently, Democrats have proposed repeal packages that would institute a moratorium on new ordinances that would end, for example, 30 days after the current legislative session. Republicans have suggested repeal coupled with stricter penalties for bathroom-related crimes and a “conscience clause” for people with religious objections.
So why did the current attempt succeed where the previous ones failed? One answer is that the state has its back up against the wall. The NCAA has pulled events it was planning to host in North Carolina, including parts of the 2017 men’s basketball tournament, due to H.B. 2. The organization is setting its schedule through 2022 in April, and the deadline for North Carolina to act if it wants any of those events is said to be as soon as Thursday.
“I support the House Bill 2 repeal compromise that will be introduced tomorrow. It's not a perfect deal, but it repeals House Bill 2 and begins to repair our reputation,” Cooper said in a statement after 11 p.m. Wednesday. The state Democratic Party also endorsed the plan.
Nonetheless, the news of the agreement was ill-received by North Carolina progressives as well as major national groups. As Democratic lawmakers streamed to the governor’s mansion for a meeting Thursday morning, they were met by protestors. Chris Sgro, an LGBT activist who briefly served in the General Assembly last year and led efforts to repeal H.B. 2, blasted the agreement and called it a “sham proposal.” The Human Rights Campaign, which has also lobbied for repeal, charged that the current bill “doubles-down on discrimination.” Chase Strangio, an ACLU lawyer who has worked on legal suits related to H.B. 2, said on Facebook that the “effect and rhetoric” of the repeal bill “are precisely the same.” The state chapter of the ACLU said that “lawmakers must reject this disgraceful backroom deal that uses the rights of LGBT people as a bargaining chip.”
Nor is it clear that the bill will meet the NCAA’s requirements for recovering events. The organization pointed to four specific reasons why North Carolina’s law was different than others, including the state preemption of local nondiscrimination ordinances. The Charlotte Observer’s Katie Peralta reports that NCAA is not currently commenting on the repeal effort.
The NCAA is only one of many groups to pull out of or pull back from the state over H.B. 2. The NBA moved its 2017 All-Star Game, which had been slated for Charlotte, to New Orleans. Numerous musicians have canceled tour dates in the Old North State, and major companies including PayPal and Deutsche Bank have postponed or canceled job expansions. A recent analysis by the Associated Press tallied the economic damage to the state at $3.76 billion over 12 years, though the report noted that the number was likely an underestimate, because of harder-to-count losses. The state’s total economy is roughly $500 billion annually.
The turmoil caused by H.B. 2 has not been limited to business and sports. The law was a major factor in the November defeat of Governor Pat McCrory, a Republican and former mayor of Charlotte, who became the public face of the bill. Cooper, a moderate Democrat and long-time state attorney general, made repeal of H.B. 2 a top priority. The passage of the bill on Thursday gives Cooper a major victory, but also threatens to strain the coalition that elected him, and to divide North Carolina progressives.



ARTICLE
The Washington Post ran a profile of Karen Pence, the wife of Vice President Mike Pence, on Wednesday. The piece talks about the closeness of the Pences’ relationship, and cites something Pence told The Hill in 2002: Unless his wife is there, he never eats alone with another woman or attends an event where alcohol is being served. (It’s unclear whether, 15 years later, this remains Pence’s practice.) It’s not in the Post piece, but here’s the original quote from 2002: “‘If there's alcohol being served and people are being loose, I want to have the best-looking brunette in the room standing next to me,’ Pence said.”
Some folks—mostly journalists and entertainers on Twitter—have reacted with surprise, anger, and sarcasm to the Pence family rule. Socially liberal or non-religious people may see Pence’s practice as misogynistic or bizarre. For a lot of conservative religious people, though, this set-up probably sounds normal, or even wise. The dust-up shows how radically notions of gender divide American culture.
Pence is not the first contemporary public figure to set these kinds of boundaries around his marriage. He seems to be following a version of the so-called Billy Graham rule, named for the famous evangelist who established similar guidelines for the pastors working in his ministry. In his autobiography, Graham notes that he and his colleagues worried about the temptations of sexual immorality that come from long days on the road and a lot of time away from family. They resolved to “avoid any situation that would even have the appearance of compromise or suspicion.” From that day on, Graham said, he “did not travel, meet, or eat alone with a woman other than my wife.” It was a way of following Paul’s advice to Timothy in the Bible, Graham wrote: to “flee … youthful lusts.”
The Hill article gives more context on how the Pences were thinking about this, at least back in 2002. Pence told the paper he often refused dinner or cocktail invitations from male colleagues, too: “It’s about building a zone around your marriage,” he said. “I don’t think it’s a predatory town, but I think you can inadvertently send the wrong message by being in [certain] situations.”
The 2002 article notes that Pence arrived in Congress a half decade after the 1994 “Republican revolution,” when Newt Gingrich was the speaker of the House. Several congressional marriages, including Gingrich’s, encountered difficulty that year. Pence seemed wary of this. “I’ve lost more elections than I’ve won,” he said. “I’ve seen friends lose their families. I’d rather lose an election.” He even said he gets fingers wagged in his face by concerned Indianans. “Little old ladies come and say, ‘Honey, whatever you need to do, keep your family together,’” he told The Hill. 
These comments show that the Pences have a distinctively conservative approach toward family, sex, and gender. This is by no means the way that all Christians, or even all evangelical Christians like the Pences, navigate married life. But traditional religious people from other backgrounds may practice something similar. Many Orthodox Jews follow the laws of yichud, which prohibit unmarried men and women from being alone in a closed room together. Some Muslim men and women also refuse to be together alone if they’re not married. These practices all have different histories and origins, but they’re rooted in the same belief: The sanctity of marriage should be protected, and sexual immorality should be guarded against at all costs.
That idea might seem disorienting to more socially progressive Americans. For one thing, it shows a deep awareness of gender and sexuality: The implication is that temptations to flirt or cheat are present in everyday interactions.
Some journalists on Twitter quickly pointed out that Pence’s rules may function, in practice, to perpetuate professional and political disadvantages against women. If men in power can meet alone with other men but not women, they’ll just keep doing the business of being powerful in an all-male world. And it parallels critiques of the Billy Graham Rule that’ve been leveled within the evangelical community, as well, where it’s also been blamed for subjecting professional relationships to the logic of a sexually permissive society.
Other critics connected these views to Pence’s stance on LGBT issues. When he was governor of Indiana, he presided over a controversial religious-freedom bill that, LGBT advocates claimed, would have allowed business owners to discriminate against them. Pence’s marriage rules implicitly suggest there’s a temptation in being alone with women, but not in being alone with men, which is not the experience of a lot of people, including LGBT Christians.  
But it’s also true that these aren’t just rules by, for, and about Mike Pence. This is how he and his wife, together, have chosen to navigate their marriage. That some people are so quick to be angered—and others are totally unsurprised—shows how divided America has become about the fundamental claim embedded in the Pence family rule: that understandings of gender should guide the boundaries around people’s everyday interactions, and protecting a marriage should take precedence over all else, even if the way of doing it seems strange to some, and imposes costs on others.



ARTICLE
LaVonte Stewart was a Little League coach between jobs. Sister Tesa Fitzgerald was a nun with a long career in Catholic education. Chelina Odbert and her five friends were students at the Harvard Graduate School of Design. Tara Libert and Kelli Taylor were TV journalists. Kate Barnhart was running a shelter for LGBT youth.
Each was doing something else when they felt a calling to start a civic organization that changed not only their lives, but also many others’. In the process, they demonstrated that even amid intense political polarization, when millions of Americans feel alienated from the nation’s public and private leadership, individuals can still light a candle against seemingly intractable problems. Without replacing the need for more effective common action and better collective choices, they all testify to the power of one dedicated person.
Stewart, Fitzgerald, Odbert and her friends, Libert and Taylor, and Barnhart founded the five organizations announced Thursday as winners of the annual Renewal Awards, a project of The Atlantic and Allstate. Now in their second year, the awards honor grassroots nonprofit organizations developing innovative responses to the country’s most difficult challenges. The winners emerged from a pool of 463 public nominees; the winnowing process included reviews by Atlantic editors, online voting, and scores from a 10-judge panel, which included me. Each will receive grants from Allstate to support their work.
Three threads bind the honorees. They all built their organizations through tenacious individual initiative without significant support from large institutions. Each chose to serve a group now largely marginalized. And all have operated with a philosophy centered on empowering individuals.
Odbert and her friends were graduate students who wondered if they could marry their passion for urban planning and architecture with their belief in social justice and inclusion. That question took them to the Kibera slum in Nairobi, Kenya, the home country of one student in the group. There, they spent two weeks listening intently to local residents before producing a plan to develop flood control, public spaces, and broader economic development in the area. Since then, they have brought “play streets” to low-income Los Angeles neighborhoods; a culture festival and public park to impoverished North Shore, California; and other innovative developments to areas of Haiti, Ghana, and Morocco. “Regardless of the scale or type of project,” Odbert said, “it is always done through an intensely participatory process that puts residents at the center of decision-making.”
While managing a short-term shelter for homeless LGBT youth in New York, Barnhart was frustrated by the inability to provide them long-term services. So she started convening regular Sunday dinners, followed by life coaching, to stay more involved with young people who passed through the shelter. From that modest foundation she built New Alternatives for LGBT Homeless Youth, which provides counseling, education services, and training to help young people transition out of the shelter system. “In the program we created,” she said, “we are sometimes the only stable adults these people have ever had in their lives.”
Stewart, founder of the Lost Boyz program, could say the same. While coaching his Little League team one day on Chicago’s South Side, he was stunned when gunfire rang out near their practice field in broad daylight—and the kids hardly flinched because it was so common to them. After the league folded, he kept his team together on a shoestring and gradually developed Lost Boyz, which combines sports with training and mentoring to steer boys and girls away from violence and toward educational achievement. The group’s name, he explained, refers not to the kids involved, but to the adults who let children lose direction. “If the kids were lost emotionally, spiritually, physically,” he said, “it [was] the adults’ fault.”
Taylor and Libert were working as TV journalists when Taylor received a letter from a death-row prisoner in Texas (who was later executed) who had committed murder as a teenager while living under difficult circumstances. Taylor produced a story on the man and kept in touch, exchanging letters about books they would read together in a sort of long-distance book club. Soon, Taylor and Libert began volunteering to read with prisoners, especially juveniles convicted as adults in Washington, D.C., jails. Their work spread as the first juveniles were transferred to federal prison at age 18, and expanded again when the prisoners eventually needed help reentering society after incarceration. Now, Taylor and Libert’s Free Minds Book Club & Writing Workshop helps hundreds of current and former offenders imagine a future beyond prison walls. “When we first meet them … and we say ‘What are your plans and goals?’ so many of them don’t have any, because they don’t think they are going to be alive at 21,” Libert said. Changing that is how the group measures success.
Fitzgerald was a nun working with the children of incarcerated women when she realized the prisoners themselves “really never had a childhood themselves” and needed as much help as their kids. From that insight 30 years ago, she created Hour Children, a nonprofit in Queens, New York, that offers housing and holistic services to women leaving prison and their children. “You take one little step,” she said, “and one little step led to another.”
All of these groups have faced difficulties and have battled to build funding and capacity. But all embody a civic stamina now seen too rarely among national leaders—an understanding that transformative change requires patience, perseverance, and inclusion. “We are comfortable with the struggle [so] it doesn’t rattle us,” Odbert said, in words the winners all echo. “We understand the struggle as part of the work.” From these extraordinary innovators, that’s a timely message to an America now struggling to find any common purpose.



ARTICLE
Do populist Republicans want a federal government where politicians stand on principle and refuse to compromise? Or do they want a pragmatist to make fabulous deals?
The intra-Republican conflict highlighted by last week’s failure to repeal or replace Obamacare is usefully understood as a consequence of confusion on those questions. Elected officials associated with the Tea Party, or the House Freedom Caucus, believe that they were sent to Washington, D.C., to replace sell-outs who compromised themselves by seeking earmarks for their constituents, buckling to establishment whips, or horse-trading with the Democrats.
Yet many populist entertainers, like Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity, who fancied themselves champions of the Tea Party’s no-compromise ethos, morphed, during Election 2016, into cheerleaders for a different kind of populist—Donald Trump—who pointedly declared that he was seeking the nomination of the Republican Party, not the conservative party, and regularly boasted during the campaign that he should be elected in large part because of his prowess as a dealmaker. Forget principle—the art of the deal was the way to make America great again.
The contradiction was lost on many populist Republicans, who’ve been trained for years to use antagonism to President Obama and the media as a heuristic for judging loyalty––having “the right enemies” became a substitute for a positive agenda. Now that Obama is gone, and Republicans are totally in charge of governing, the party is discovering the inevitable tension that ensues when the populist wing of a political coalition elevates legislators chosen for their aversion to compromise, and then a president who intends to succeed via successful negotiating.
Rich Lowry of National Review put it well: “Just because Trump and the conservative caucus are both ‘anti-establishment’ doesn’t mean they have anything else in common.” (Trump’s exaggerated prowess as a dealmaker doesn’t help either.)
Representative Thomas Massie, a Kentucky Republican, described his own realization that the GOP wasn’t what it seemed during the Tea Party’s rise in an interview with Reason.
Massie won his 2010 congressional bid by running on libertarian ideas. He watched Rand Paul win his Senate race with a similar platform, and saw Ron Paul do well in Iowa during the 2012 cycle. “So I thought the libertarian ideology within the Republican party was really catching on, that it was popular,” he said this week.
But then, when he went to Iowa to campaign for Rand Paul in the 2016 GOP primary, “I saw that the same people that had voted for Ron Paul weren't voting for Rand Paul, they were voting for Donald Trump … in Kentucky, the people who were my voters ended up voting for Donald Trump in the primary. And so I was in a funk because how could these people let us down? How could they go from being libertarian ideologues to voting for Donald Trump? And then I realized what it was: They weren't voting for the libertarian in the race, they were voting for the craziest son of a bitch in the race when they voted for me and Rand and Ron. So Trump just won, you know, that category, but dumped the ideological baggage.”
What he means by “crazy,” I think, is most stridently against the Washington establishment. That’s the similarity between Rand Paul in 2010 and Donald Trump in 2016.
And it puts Donald Trump and Speaker Paul Ryan in a strange position so long as their legislative agendas fail to attract the support of the House Freedom Caucus.
“The betting money is that both the Trump administration and the GOP establishment it now sits atop will seek actively to marginalize the rebels and instead find common governing cause with centrist Democrats,” Matt Welch explains. “If true, this scenario would produce one of the greatest cognitive dissonances in modern political history, while setting the administration up for even more humiliation during its honeymoon phase. Trump the above-the-fray outsider is collaborating with dealmaking career insiders to sideline one of the only principled Beltway blocs, even before showing any ability to woo Democrats over to Trump's anti-conservative agenda. It's all shaping up to be a godawful mess.”
How these conflicts will shake out is difficult to determine in part because bygone contradictions in the behavior of the Republican electorate makes it hard to know how it will behave in 2018. Is a GOP House member more likely to be punished in a primary for thwarting a Donald Trump deal… or compromising to make a deal happen? Were I the political consultant for an ambitious primary candidate in a safe Republican district, I can imagine a successful challenge regardless of what course the incumbent chose, voters having been primed to respond to either critique.
“Two prominent Republicans have told me in recent weeks that they sincerely don’t know how to describe where they fall on the ideological spectrum,” my colleague McKay Coppins related Wednesday. I suspect their confusion is the product of political instincts telling them that neither making deals nor refusing to make deals is guaranteed to keep them on the right side of the Republican electorate.



ARTICLE
Is it just me, or does Mick Mulvaney look a bit tense lately?
You could hardly blame the guy. The Great Republican Health Care Meltdown has been rough on the White House budget director, who was a central player in President Trump’s push to save the GOP’s floundering plan. But as the House vote approached, Mulvaney found himself increasingly at odds with a chunk of the conservative Freedom Caucus. Which is ironic, given that he co-founded the group and, until joining the administration, was a devout member.  
While no one much liked the AHCA (How about that 17 percent approval rating!), Freedom Caucusers were particularly put off by what many considered “Obamacare lite.” The more they dug in, the huffier Trump got. He started calling out caucus members in closed meetings and through his pet negotiating tool, Twitter.
Finally, last Thursday, Trump sent a vote-tomorrow-or-else ultimatum to the Hill via Mulvaney. In a vaguely sour appearance on CNBC the next morning, Mulvaney insisted the message was for all House Republicans, not any specific group. Still, everyone knew that his Freedom Caucus chums were among Trump’s chief marks. And Mulvaney himself scolded his old friends for sacrificing the good to the perfect.
Mulvaney got even rougher with the caucus after leadership axed the vote. On NBC’s Meet The Press Sunday, Chuck Todd grilled the budget chief about why he had been unable to get Freedom Caucusers to “yes.” Mulvaney rambled on about how Washington is more “broken” and “rotten” than even he had imagined. “I know the Freedom Caucus. I helped found it. I never thought it would come to this,” he lamented. He characterized the AHCA’s demise as another sad case of “the powers that be in Washington” crushing action-oriented reformers. Rejecting Todd’s suggestion that the bill was fatally flawed, Mulvaney trashed opponents’ motives. “They're still paying attention to special interests, they're still paying attention to getting reelected, as opposed to doing the right thing.”
Say this for the budget chief: It took impressive shamelessness to throw this kind of shade at former colleagues, seeing as how Mulvaney spent his own House career perfecting exactly the sort of intransigence, disruption, and ideological piety he’s now grumping about. When it came to giving the finger to legislative pragmatism, compromise, and “good enough,” no one beat Congressman Mulvaney.
And now? After less than two months in the executive branch, Mulvaney appears to have had an epiphany about the art of the possible, the limits of ideological purity, and the vast difference between governing and blowing stuff up. At the very least, he’s learned how it feels to carry someone else’s water. For the past couple of weeks, in fact, the one-time bomb-throwing zealot has sounded suspiciously like one of those deal-cutting RINO squishes he used to lived to torment. (Neither he nor members of the Freedom Caucus wished to comment.)
Worse, the health care crackup promises to be only the first of many awkward situations barreling his way. In the coming months, Mulvaney will frequently be headed back to the Hill to discuss delicate issues such as tax reform and “continuing resolutions ” and “skinny budgets” and spending caps. Like many House Republicans, he is a fierce budget hawk—one who repeatedly voiced his preference for shutting down the government in the service of taming spending.
His new boss, by contrast, has bragged about being “the king of debt” and, since taking office, has been floating all sorts of tax cuts and spending plans—including a $1 trillion infrastructure package—that would blow a fat hole in the budget. (It bears mentioning that the continuing resolution, or CR, currently funding the government expires in late April, opening the door for potentially spicy funding squabbles.)
Aspects of tax reform that interest Trump, such as some version of a border tax, do not sit well with many fiscally conservative lawmakers. Nothing in the president’s skinny budget would significantly shrink deficits. (He is looking to jack up Pentagon spending by $54 billion, requiring commensurate slashing of non-defense spending just to break even.) Dramatically complicating the math, Trump has vowed not to touch entitlements, the overhaul of which Mulvaney and many of his former colleagues see as necessary to the nation’s fiscal health.  
Then there’s the debt ceiling. As even casual observers of congressional dysfunction can tell you, lawmakers’ treating America’s debt obligation as a political football is among the more unnerving developments of recent years. (In 2011, such brinkmanship led to the first ever downgrading of the U.S.’s credit rating.) Mulvaney has consistently been among the most enthusiastic proponents of this trend, dealing congressional leadership fits whenever the issue arose.
Technically, Congress blew through the deadline for raising the debt ceiling earlier this month. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin notified House and Senate leaders that he would begin “extraordinary measures” to avoid default and keep the government running. But that will only kick the can so far, meaning that later this year, Congress must raise the ceiling or risk setting off an ugly chain of events.
Mnuchin firmly opposes dorking around with the nation’s fiscal obligations. As he noted at an event hosted by Axios last week, “We’ve spent the money, so the concept of the debt limit is somewhat of a ridiculous concept.” Urging Congress to tackle the issue before summer break, he said, “I think everybody understands, whether you’re a Republican or a Democrat, we need to raise the debt limit, and that’s something we’re going to do. And that the full faith and credit of the United State is the most important thing.”
Well, not everybody understands that. In 2010, Mulvaney dismissed the very notion that failing to raise the debt ceiling was a bad thing: “I have yet to meet someone who can articulate the negative consequences.” And many of his Freedom Caucus brethren are expected to try to use the debt limit as a bargaining chip again.
This could soon present Mulvaney with the ultimate political irony. In the past, Trump has tweet-slammed Congress for raising the debt ceiling. But that was pre-White House, when could twiddle his thumbs with impunity. Now, if his party tanks America’s credit rating and/or shuts down the government, Trump will share the blame. As such, come Fall, there is an excellent chance that the president will send Mulvaney, hat in hand, to ask Congress to raise the ceiling.
Republican members who clashed with Congressman Mulvaney on the debt issue, or others like it, could be excused for feeling a tremor of schadenfreude at this turn of events. His former Freedom Caucus colleagues, meanwhile, will need to learn not to take this kind of thing to heart. Mulvaney no longer has the luxury of being a damn-the-torpedoes rabble-rouser. In Trump world, he’s looked upon as a relatively seasoned political grownup. This inevitably comes with way more responsibility, and is typically a heck of a lot less fun.



ARTICLE
There’s an easy way and a hard way for the Senate to confirm Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, and it appears Democrats are going to make Republicans do it the hard way.
That Gorsuch would ultimately take the late Justice Antonin Scalia’s seat on the high court has scarcely been in doubt in the weeks since President Trump nominated him 11 days after he took office. A well-regarded judge on the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals in Colorado, Gorsuch has a legal resumé tailor-made for the Supreme Court, he’s won nearly universal praise from conservatives, and he emerged from his confirmation hearings with his reputation largely intact.
The only question has been whether Gorsuch would win the eight Democratic votes necessary to reach 60 and defeat a filibuster, or whether Democratic resistance would force Republicans to change Senate rules, invoke what’s known in Washington as “the nuclear option,” and confirm Gorsuch with a simple majority of 51 votes. Statements of  opposition have flooded in from Democrats this week, making the answer clearer every day: Gorsuch is likely to fall short of 60 votes, and Republicans will have to jam his nomination through the Senate on their own.
Will Republicans go nuclear? There’s little doubt that they will.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a man known inside the Capitol for choosing his words as carefully as anyone in politics, has not explicitly outlined how Republicans would respond to a Democratic filibuster. But his statements on the nomination have been so declarative, so free of hedging that they’ve left no question about his plans.  When McConnell said on Tuesday, “Judge Gorsuch is going to get confirmed,” it was less a prediction than a guarantee.
McConnell’s determination is rooted in a simple reality: For Republicans in general and McConnell in particular, there is no higher political priority than maintaining a 5-4 conservative majority on the Supreme Court. Cutting taxes, repealing the Affordable Care Act, eliminating regulations, nor any of the promises they’ve made in recent elections come close. For a generation, the Court has been the right’s ultimate prize, so much so that McConnell engineered an unprecedented Republican blockade last year to deny former President Barack Obama a chance to fill Scalia’s seat with Merrick Garland, a nominee whose qualifications, on paper, matched those of Gorsuch.
It is McConnell’s treatment of Garland that, more than anything else, has hardened the Democratic opposition to Gorsuch. The GOP’s denial of even a hearing for Obama’s nominee a year ago was seen as a galling, even cynical, break with Senate norms, but one that Democrats were confident voters would rectify with the election of Hillary Clinton. Trump’s victory last November, however, cast McConnell’s move in a new light, and liberal activists are demanding revenge for what they now consider a stolen Supreme Court seat.
If at least 41 Democrats try to block a final vote on Gorsuch’s nomination, McConnell would need all but two of the GOP’s 52 senators to support a rules change lowering the threshold to end debate and defeat the filibuster. If executed, that move would remove an exception for the Supreme Court that Democrats left in place when they eliminated the 60-vote threshold for executive-branch and most judicial nominees when they held the majority in 2013. At the time, Democrats said a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court should still demand bipartisan support, forcing presidents to choose nominees that could achieve a consensus in the Senate.
But the trend toward partisanship in court appointments, though lamented by both parties, has been building for decades, beginning with the defeat of President Ronald Reagan’s nomination of Judge Robert Bork to the Supreme Court in 1987. Justice Clarence Thomas won his seat with just 52 votes in 1991 (though, as Republicans now point out, Democrats allowed him an up-or-down vote without a filibuster). Democrats blocked lower-court nominees of President George W. Bush, and Republicans did the same to Obama before then-Majority Leader Harry Reid led his caucus in invoking the nuclear option for most nominees. Had Clinton won the presidency with a Democratic majority in the Senate, Senator Tim Kaine, the would-be vice president, had already warned that Democrats would have changed the rules if Republicans tried to block her nominee for Scalia’s seat.
Some Democratic senators initially considered making only a half-hearted effort to defeat Gorsuch, hoping to preserve the filibuster option for a future high-court vacancy that would actually shift the ideological balance on the bench. (Replacing Scalia with another conservative maintains the status quo.) Yet progressives ridiculed that idea. Republicans, they argued, would not hesitate to nuke the 60-vote threshold for any Trump nominee, so Democrats might as well force them to do it with Gorsuch. “McConnell will go nuclear at the first opportunity. There’s just no question,” said Adam Jentleson, a former top aide to Reid who is now a senior strategist at the Center for American Progress.
Minority Leader Charles Schumer adopted that view in recent weeks, and so have most of his colleagues. Thirty of the party’s 48 members now support a filibuster against Gorsuch, including more moderate members like Senator Bill Nelson of Florida, who is up for reelection next year. McConnell has said the Senate will confirm Gorsuch by the end of next week, ahead of a two-week congressional recess. The Democratic arguments against Gorsuch have run the gamut. Many senators have gamely stuck to the view that he is simply too conservative a pick, citing his record as a jurist and as a political appointee in Republican administrations.
Several members of the Judiciary Committee took issue with his performance at his hearings last week, which they found evasive and condescending, if not overly controversial. And others have called for the vote to be put off until the investigations of the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia have been completed, warning that a president whose legitimacy might be tainted should not get a lifetime appointment to the nation’s highest court.
But mostly, the gathering Democratic opposition to Gorsuch is a reflection of the coarse political moment, as senators face pressure from an angry party base seething over the Republicans’ treatment of the martyred Garland and the likelihood that a president elected under a cloud of suspicion and without popular support will be able to secure a conservative majority on the Supreme Court for decades more to come.
Their goal over the next weeks is to force even a few Republicans to think twice about Gorsuch and the precedent of confirming a nominee without bipartisan support. “The answer is not to change the rules. It’s to change the nominee,” Schumer said Wednesday. “We believe there are Republicans who are reluctant to change the rules, and we hope they won’t do it.”
While a few GOP senators, including John McCain of Arizona and Bob Corker of Tennessee, have voiced reservations about invoking the nuclear option to confirm Gorsuch, none have come out against it. “Feel no guilt,” McConnell told his members about the prospect, according to Politico. If Republicans appear to have the will to confirm Gorsuch by any means necessary, Democrats can at least try to take the sheen off Trump’s victory by painting it as another move flouting institutional norms. “It’s an ugly vote,” Jentleson said.
But as polarization and partisanship have steadily overtaken the confirmation process, neither party is innocent. Democrats may have tried to preserve the filibuster for the Supreme Court four years ago, but they knew it probably wouldn’t last. They started the slide toward majority rule for nominees, and next week, they’ll likely make Republicans finish it.



ARTICLE
Ivanka Trump will become an official federal employee, serving as an unpaid adviser to the president. In a news conference, the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee said they have asked 20 people to be questioned as part of their investigation into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. Committee Chairman Richard Burr said the probe is “one of the biggest investigations the Hill has seen in my time here.” A judge sentenced Bill Baroni and Bridget Anne Kelly, two former aides of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, to prison for their role in the 2013 “Bridgegate” scandal. The U.K. formally gave notice of its intention to leave the European Union.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.
The Wonky Populist: Tom Perriello is running for governor of Virginia, but most people still don’t know his name. Meet the Democrat whose brand of populism is “a more subdued, intellectualized of-the-people-ism” than that of Bernie Sanders. (Clare Malone, FiveThirtyEight)
A Sign of What’s to Come: President Trump’s supporters were quick to blame Speaker Paul Ryan for the failure of the health-care bill, writes Jonah Goldberg. But for skeptical conservatives, the debacle signaled that Trump “might be happier to work with Democrats than deal with” the hardline conservatives in Congress. (National Review)
Pence’s ‘Prayer Warrior’: The vice president and his wife, Karen, are virtually inseparable: Karen Pence is Mike Pence’s “gut check and shield” and a powerful “force behind her husband’s socially conservative stances.” (Ashley Parker, The Washington Post)
Can’t Be Saved: The House of Representatives voted Tuesday to allow internet service providers to sell browsing history to advertisers and other companies. While technology, like virtual private networks, can help shield users against this new privacy threat, writes Klint Finley, “it doesn’t take the place of having the law on your side.” (Wired)
Do Democrats Have a Shot?: Nate Cohn unpacks why a special election in Georgia serves as an example for how Democrats can capitalize on Donald Trump’s unpopularity to regain control in Republican-dominated states. (The New York Times)
Slashing the Budget: Donald Trump proposed to cut funding for the Environmental Protection Agency by 31 percent and eliminate more than 50 programs. These graphics and images show the potential effects of cutting two programs dedicated to cleaning the Chesapeake Bay and the Great Lakes. (Denise Lu and Tim Meko, The Washington Post)
Republicans’ plan to repeal and replace Obamacare flopped last week, but President Trump is ready to move to the next item on his agenda—tax reform. What would you like to see the Trump administration focus on and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
As Tolstoy would have written if he were a national-security reporter, all dysfunctional committees are dysfunctional in their own way, while all functional committees are frustratingly tight-lipped.
Or something like that. In any case, a Wednesday press conference by Senators Richard Burr and Mark Warner, the chairman and ranking Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, presented a glaring contrast to the House’s own intelligence committee, which seems to spin into greater chaos daily. The pair emphasized bipartisanship, process, and patience, offering little in the way of factual revelations while implicitly rebuking the House Intelligence Committee.
“It's not something that can be done quickly,” Burr said. “Let me remind you, the last public investigation that we did was the Senate investigation into Benghazi … it took one year, and in comparison to the public hearings that happened in the House, our report and findings were out much quicker than what they were.”
It was left to Warner to dramatize the stakes of the investigation. “It's important for us, at least, and I think all of us here, to remember to not lose sight about what the investigation is about,” the Virginian said. “An outside foreign adversary effectively sought to hijack our most critical democratic process, the election of a president, and in that process, decided to favor one candidate over another.”
Yet although Burr acknowledged his own vote for President Trump—and his endorsement of the president during the campaign—he pledged a thorough and impartial investigation. “Mark and I work hand in hand on this, and contrary to maybe popular belief, we're partners to see that this is completed and that we've got a product at the end of the day that we can have bipartisanship in supporting,” he said.
The contrast to the House couldn’t be clearer. On that side of the Capitol, the committee got out to a quick start, hosting a newsmaking hearing where FBI Director James Comey confirmed an investigation into collusion between Trump aides and Russia. But since then, the committee has spun out of control. Two days after that hearing, Chairman Devin Nunes announced a vague report of intelligence surveillance having swept up Trump transition-team members. Ranking Member Adam Schiff reacted angrily, then said that he had seen evidence that was “more than circumstantial” to support the idea of collusion. (Schiff, a former federal prosecutor, later specified that he felt the evidence he’d seen would be good enough for a grand jury but not a trial jury.)
Neither Nunes nor Schiff has provided evidence for their claims, which they may be unable to do because they are classified. Meanwhile, acrimony has led to the committee suspending its meetings, and Schiff and other Democrats have called on Nunes to recuse himself, as questions about whether he is coordinating with the White House or even acting as a Trump surrogate mount.
Burr and Warner, neither of whom is likely to win a charisma contest any time soon, had a message for observers of their panel: Don’t expect that kind of excitement over here. They refused to answer questions about the House committee, but some of their answers seemed targeted.
“It would be crazy to try to draw conclusions from where we are in the investigation,” Burr said. As for Nunes’s claims, Burr said, “We're not asking the House to play any role in our investigation. We don't plan to play any role in their investigation.”
Unlike Nunes, who has twice publicly rebuked the FBI for not being as fast to deliver documents as he’d like, Warner and Burr were careful to praise the intelligence community while still saying they’d like some things faster.
Still, the press conference was not entirely without new information. Burr said the committee was dealing with an “unprecedented” number of documents. Warner mentioned rumors of a group of more than 1,000 paid “trolls” working out of a Russian facility to influence the election. As the Senate investigation moves slowly forward, meanwhile, Burr noted that Russian meddling with elections did not end on November 9.
“I think it's safe by everybody's judgment that the Russians are actively involved in the French elections,” the North Carolinian said. Russian President Vladimir Putin has also funded the far-right National Front. As to the central question in the inquiry, whether Trump himself was involved in any Russian interference, the senators said they couldn’t say now but understood they were obligated to find out. Just don’t expect an answer any time soon.



ARTICLE
With the president pulling the vote to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, both the media and health experts have correctly zeroed in what may be the crucial test for Trump and health care going forward: governing responsibly when it comes to the ACA or sabotage. If the president is seen as purposely seeking to destroy the ACA to try to make his claims come true, he will destroy the trust he needs for any chance at future bipartisan legislation.
Unfortunately, Trump’s initial comments after the failure of the Republican replacement bill gave the impression he was cheering for the ACA to fail and for Democrats to come back crawling to work with him. But the president cannot separate himself from health-care cost increases any more than he can separate himself from the economy. For good or ill, presidents tend to own both. And the least-effective way to bring Democrats to the table to help give the president a bipartisan legislative victory would be to give every impression that he is taking non-legislative and administrative actions to sabotage the ACA.
Democrats and most health-care experts agree with the Congressional Budget Office and S&P that the ACA is mostly stable—and as The New York Time’s Margot Sanger-Katz recently put it, “Obamacare is not on the verge of ‘explosion.’” Yet as The Washington Post’s Greg Sargent wrote Tuesday, some Republicans—beyond Trump—are worried about the optics of helping the ACA succeed. Concerned that any good governance would be a “concession that the law can be made to work if Republican officials want to participate in making that happen,” they are considering actions that would actually undermine the narrative that “the law is not inherently or inevitably destined to implode.”
Here are six non-legislative markers to watch to judge whether Trump is doing everything in his power to ensure that what Paul Ryan recently called the “the law of the land” will work as well as possible, or whether he chooses the cynical and even vindictive path of putting the health care of millions at risk to sabotage the ACA.
Will Trump sustain cost-sharing subsidies?
A common critique of the ACA is that its deductibles and co-pays are too high. Republicans have both argued for more patient-centered—or skin-in-the-game, or cost-conscious—models of insurance, and pushed for lower-actuarial value plans. Both of these moves would lead to even higher co-pays and deductibles. But at the same time the Republicans have sought to castigate ACA for higher deductibles they have been actively working through the courts and legislation to end cost-sharing subsidies in the ACA. As Politico’s Michael Grunwald has written, the “current Sword of Damocles hanging above Obamacare … has nothing to do with congressional legislation or Trump’s executive powers. It’s a lawsuit that now goes by the unlikely name of House v. Price, an ongoing effort by Republicans in the House of Representatives to block HHS (now run by one of those former House Republicans, Tom Price) from spending billions of dollars on ACA subsidies.” While it pushed for repeal-and-replace, the Trump administration—and the House—put the lawsuit on hold, so the subsidies remain in place. But if they re-start the lawsuit, and it is successful, it would severely weaken—not strengthen—the exchanges. The ACA subsidies at the center of the suit—otherwise known as cost-sharing reductions, which are different than the ACA tax credits for premiums—limit out-of-pocket costs for the 6 million people who both bought insurance through the ACA exchanges and who earn up to 250 percent of the federal poverty level. These subsidies are expected to total over $7 billion in 2017, and if insurers do not receive these funds, they may leave the exchanges altogether—ending coverage for customers.
Moreover, health plans priced their 2017 plan offerings based on the assumption that the cost-sharing subsidy would be available. If they stayed in the marketplace at all, they would likely have to increase premiums substantially and would fear more problems with adverse selection because those remaining in the market would probably be sicker; as the healthier populations would no longer believe the benefit was worth it. The critical test for the president will be whether he can work with the Congress to move to withdraw the House’s lawsuit and ensure ongoing funding for cost-sharing, and do so before the court-imposed deadline of May 22nd.
Will Trump fail to enforce the ACA’s individual mandate?
The individual mandate—a core part of Obamacare with heavy Republican and conservative roots—is designed to ensure healthier and therefore more stable insurance pools. Trump’s first executive order, though, asked for all parts of his government to “minimize the burdens” of the ACA, which many feared could result in a refusal to enforce the individual mandate. For this filing season, the Obama administration, for example, planned to reject returns from taxpayers who didn’t identify their health-insurance status, as a means to better enforce the mandate. The IRS recently reversed this policy. The Center for Budget and Policy Priorities’ vice president for health policy, Edwin Park, argues that this serves to undermine the effectiveness of the individual mandate: if they don’t have to pick, they aren’t subject to the mandate, and that discourages them from enrolling, he told ThinkProgress. So while Trump’s executive order did not by itself weaken the mandate, it did send a message that the tax penalties used to incentivize mandatory health coverage are not likely to be strictly enforced. The second major test to determine whether the President is choosing sabotage over governing will be if he directs his administration not to enforce the current individual-mandate provisions within the ACA.
Will Trump encourage or discourage enrollment?
Stable health pools require robust outreach to enroll young and healthy citizens. The Obama administration conducted huge outreach efforts to boost enrollment, but when Trump came into office, one of his first big moves was cancelling a $5 million Healthcare.gov ad campaign that would have urged Americans to sign up for coverage before the January 31 deadline. (The move was later partially retracted due to backlash.) Going into the new year, 8.8 million Americans had enrolled in a ACA marketplace health plan through HealthCare.gov—about 200,000 more sign-ups than at the same point the previous year. But by the time the January 31st deadline arrived, enrollment (9.2 million) lagged behind the previous year by about 400,000 sign-ups. The difference was likely comprised largely of the young and healthy consumers who typically wait until the last minute to enroll, and who are needed to keep the exchange pools stable. If the Trump administration declines to match the effort and resources the Obama administration dedicated (and, instead, substantially reduces them), it will be a clear indication that it is choosing sabotage over governing.
Will Trump strengthen or undermine critical financing support for the insurance market?
Even before Trump took office, Senator Marco Rubio deeply undermined a key financing mechanism in the ACA. As The New York Times reported, in 2014 the senator slipped a provision into a large spending bill limiting risk corridors—a piece of the ACA designed to help health plans adjusting to new, unpredictable marketplaces. The Rubio provision led to the federal government paying only $362 million to insurance companies in 2015, as opposed to the $2.87 billion they were supposed to receive. This, along with ongoing problems related to adverse selection, contributed to insurers pulling out of marketplaces or raising prices to counteract their losses. Insurers have brought multiple cases questioning the validity of this provision, and recently courts have handed one a victory—though that ruling is likely to be appealed. Judging by the $100 billion state insurance market stability fund that was included in the recently-rejected American Health Care Act and a March 13th letter from Price, the Trump administration knows well that additional funding is critical to ensuring stability in these relatively new marketplaces. In fact, at the encouragement of HHS, Alaska has already applied for a Section 1332 waiver that may provide federal support for the state’s investment in its reinsurance program. Alaska makes the very credible argument that the program’s existence reduced the federal government’s liability in tax credit assistance by reducing overall premiums. The program also lowers premiums for even non-subsidized enrollees who have been exposed to the highest premium hikes. Whether the Trump administration supports or opposes efforts to stabilize insurance markets, then, offers another crucial test.
Does Trump use the bully pulpit to weaken the ACA?
Trump has used the megaphone his office provides in ways that some admire and others, like former Obama top official Brian Deese, call “coercive capitalism” or bullying. He seems to take pride in his ability to strike fear in or weak-kneed compliance from some of the nation’s top CEOs. The question is, will Trump’s signal to major players in the health industry be that they are on his good side or his punitive side if they work to participate in and strengthen the ACA? So whether Trump uses tweets, cell-phone calls, or White House meetings, investing time and political capital in to spur major health-care players to constructively participate in the ACA or conversely, to fear that if they do they will be on Trump’s black list, will be his fifth test.
Will he issue regulations that weaken insurance? 
The hardest thing may be to detect an administration that avoids the most blatant acts of sabotage, but looks to kill the ACA with a thousand cuts. It is impossible to detail the full array of actions that could undermine the marketplace. But here is the test: If the overwhelming number of health experts and consumer groups like the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, Kaiser Family Foundation, the American Cancer Society, AARP, and the Georgetown University Center on Health Insurance Reforms conclude it is an attack on the stability of the ACA—it should raise red flag that it is indeed a concerted effort to weaken the ACA.



ARTICLE
The Census Bureau had to give Congress a list of proposed topics for its 2020 survey of America this week. Tucked in at the end of its 77-page report was an item that’s never been included in the census before: sexual orientation and gender identity, marked as “proposed.”
Shortly after the bureau released its report, a new version came out. This time, the line about sexual orientation and gender identity was missing. The bureau didn’t immediately post an update about what had changed to its website or explain what had happened at length. Its “proposal” to include questions about LGBT identity on its upcoming surveys had just disappeared.
LGBT advocates were outraged. The National LGBTQ Taskforce started circulating a graphic, later republished by several media outlets, comparing the two reports: “We’ve been ERASED!” it declared. High-profile political figures like Chelsea Clinton tweeted the link to an article on the website Out, which claimed in its headline, “Trump Administration Omits LGBTQ People from 2020 Census.”
For the record: The Trump administration has no plans exclude lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender Americans from the 2020 census—they will be surveyed just like everyone else in the country. And though it’s true that the administration won’t include specific questions about gender identity and sexual orientation, that’s standard—those topics have never been listed on the census or the American Community Survey, known as the ACS, which is used to collect data in between decennial censuses.
In a statement released on Wednesday, the director of the bureau, John Thompson, clarified that sexual orientation and gender identity were never meant to be included on the proposed list of topics. A recent agency review also “concluded there was no federal data need to change the planned census and ACS subjects,” he wrote. While the bureau says it made a simple clerical error, the LBGT advocacy community has insisted this incident is evidence that the Trump administration is biased against LGBT Americans.
Advocates have been pushing the government to include questions about sexual orientation and gender identity on the census for a long time: Meghan Maury, the criminal and economic-justice project director at the National LGBTQ Task Force, said her organization ran a campaign on this issue back in 2010.
“Decision makers use the data collected in the long-form census ... to allocate resources and ensure that they’re enforcing laws appropriately,” she said—agencies might look at how LGBT people are affected by issues like domestic violence or homelessness. This kind of data has become even more important as new legislation has placed special obligations on the government to pay attention to LGBT issues: The Violence Against Women Act, for example, was updated in 2013 to prohibit discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
In 2015, the Obama administration put together an interagency task force to get a sense of how the federal government should collect data on LGBT people. Then, last spring, 102 Democrats and one Republican co-sponsored the LGBT Data Inclusion Act, which would have required federal agencies to collect survey data on Americans’ sexual orientation and gender identity.
“To go uncounted in our society is to be unseen by our policymakers,” wrote Arizona Congressman Raul Grijalva, the bill’s main sponsor, in an emailed statement. “Enshrining in law the vital right of this demographic to be counted would have prevented future administrations, like this one, from pursuing policies that could harm the LGBTQ community.” Eventually, the bill got shelved.
Even without that legislation, some agencies have already started asking questions about sexual orientation and gender identity in surveys. The Department of Health and Human Services, for example, has included questions about sexual orientation and gender identity in its annual National Health Interview Survey, according to a letter sent to Maury. It has also included a question about sexual orientation in its survey of older Americans since 2014, according to the Associated Press.
But advocates have pressed for more consistent collection. The “gold standard,” said Terri Ann Lowenthal, a former staff director of the congressional committee that oversees the census, would be the ACS. That survey provides the government with its most comprehensive and widely used data each year, and it’s legally mandatory for subjects to participate. “The decennial survey would be the ultimate goal,” she added, “because it is the universal data-collection activity our nation undertakes.”
“We’re made invisible in a million ways every day of our lives.”
LGBT advocates thought they were making progress. Maury serves on an advisory committee at the Census Bureau, and she said at least three major agencies have submitted letters to the Bureau asking for census data on the LGBT community: the Departments of Health and Human Services, Housing and Urban Development, and Justice.
Since the Trump administration took office, though, it has pulled back on including these questions. Last week, HHS released the latest version of its survey on older Americans—and the question about sexual orientation and gender identity had been removed. When the Census Bureau appeared to pull its LGBT questions this week, Maury said, it seemed like part of a pattern. “It doesn’t ring true to me that this was just a clerical error,” she said. “Someone added it to the list at some point, and someone removed it.”
Here’s how Thompson described what happened. Over the past several years, the agency has gone through a major review in preparation for the 2020 census. “In April 2016, more than 75 members of Congress wrote to the Census Bureau to request the addition of sexual orientation and gender identity as a subject for the American Community Survey,” he wrote. “We carefully considered this thoughtful request and again worked with federal agencies and the OMB Interagency Working Group on Measuring Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity to determine if there was a legislative mandate to collect this data.” But, he said, they concluded that there “was no federal data need” to ask questions about gender identity and sexual orientation on the census or ACS.  
There are other plausible explanations for why the Census Bureau didn’t want to include questions about sexual orientation and gender identity on its 2019 ACS or 2020 decennial census, Lowenthal said. “Traditionally, the Census Bureau likes to have experience collecting data in the field, in a real survey environment, before it includes questions on the census,” she said. “It would not have been able to carry out the level of research and testing for that larger environment in time for the 2020 survey.”
While the Census Bureau has worked with several federal agencies to test questions, that work is still in early stages. Besides, the Bureau doesn’t need to include every question it’s interested in on the census, Lowenthal added—the ACS provides perfectly good data, gathered at much more frequent intervals, that lawmakers can use in policymaking.
But that won’t stop the incident from being politicized. “This isn’t just some accidental oversight or the omission of an unnecessary question,” wrote Grijalva. “This is a systematic effort to ensure members of the LGBTQ community remain invisible to policymakers, and that’s utterly unacceptable.”
For her part, Maury sees this as a fundamental issue of dignity—administrative error or no. “We’re made invisible in a million ways every day of our lives, and when decisions like this happen, which say, ‘We’re not counting you,’ that contributes to this stigma,” she said. “We really shouldn’t need to say in 2017 that LGBT people count.”



ARTICLE
An overwhelming majority of Republicans—at 74 percent—believe it’s likely that Donald Trump was wiretapped or otherwise subject to government surveillance while he was running for president, according to a CBS News poll released on Wednesday.
The results suggest that Republican voters have largely accepted the president’s claim—which he first made earlier this month in a tweet—that President Obama ordered a wiretap of Trump Tower. That’s despite the fact that there is no evidence to substantiate his charge, which PolitiFact has labeled “false.” So why do so many Republicans appear to believe the president if there’s no concrete evidence to back him up? A few factors help explain the polling result.
To start, it’s possible that many Republicans either believe Trump or are willing to say they do out of a sense of partisan loyalty. While 74 percent responded that it’s either “very likely” or “somewhat likely” that Trump’s offices were wiretapped or surveilled, the same percentage of Democrats rated those same possibilities “not very likely” or “not at all likely.”
This isn’t the first time survey data has found a partisan split over an unsubstantiated allegation made by the administration. In January, the White House falsely claimed that Trump’s inauguration featured “the largest audience to ever witness” such a ceremony. Yet one survey found that when voters were presented with photographs from Trump’s and Obama’s inaugurations, and asked to say which one had more attendees, Trump supporters were “significantly more likely to answer the questions wrong” than Clinton voters,  according to The Washington Post’s Monkey Cage blog. (Obama’s inauguration drew a larger crowd.)
“While this may appear to be a remarkable feat of self-deception,” as my colleague Julie Beck put it, it may be that people simply wanted to signal support for Trump. “In these charged situations, people often don’t engage with information as information, but as a marker of identity. Information becomes tribal,” Beck explained.
Another reason why Republican voters may be more likely to accept Trump’s allegations is because other partisans, in particular House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, have muddied the waters around the wiretapping claim. Last week, Nunes delivered a bombshell—if difficult to parse—announcement to reporters that the intelligence community had “incidentally collected information about U.S. citizens involved in the Trump transition.”
Still, Nunes’s statement did not vindicate Trump’s claims that his New York City residence had been wiretapped by his predecessor, and the California congressman had previously stated that there was no “physical wiretap of Trump Tower.” FBI Director James Comey has also said that he has “no information” to support Trump’s tweeted claims, and he told Nunes’s committee earlier in the month that neither does the Justice Department.
Nevertheless, Nunes provided the White House with a degree of political cover with his statement on incidental collection last week, and that may have helped still-wavering Republican voters accept Trump’s accusations. In recent weeks, the White House has tried to bolster Trump’s claims by arguing, in effect, that he should be taken seriously, but not necessarily literally. “The president used the word wiretap in quotes to mean, broadly, surveillance and other activities,” White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said earlier this month. In light of that, Nunes’s claim that transition-team intelligence had been collected may have been enough to either convince some Republican voters that Trump had been vindicated or make them feel comfortable asserting that he had.
The exact wording of the survey question could also have contributed to the results. The CBS poll does not explicitly quote from Trump’s original accusation, and instead asks a question more in line with the White House interpretation of Trump’s claims—that by mentioning a wiretap in his tweet, the president was discussing surveillance more generally. It reads: “How likely do you think it is that Donald Trump’s offices were wiretapped, or under government surveillance, during the 2016 presidential campaign?” The question also does not mention Obama.
Faced with competing and overlapping claims from a variety of sources, Republican voters may opt to privilege the information that doesn’t cast doubt on the president’s trustworthiness. As Beck explained, “doubling down in the face of conflicting evidence is a way of reducing the discomfort of dissonance,” with dissonance defined as “the extreme discomfort of simultaneously holding two thoughts that are in conflict.”
Liberals and conservatives alike are susceptible to believing, or at the very least circulating, incorrect information that appears to confirm their political worldview. So-called “fake news” has found an audience among progressives and liberals, just as it has found an audience in pro-Trump circles, too. There’s little sign that this embrace of false beliefs, especially those seemingly rooted in partisanship, will end anytime soon.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump is taking steps to make the government more like the private sector. Past administrations have tried similar exercises in reform with mixed results, however, and it might be harder for a White House with relatively little governing experience to make improvements to the sprawling federal bureaucracy.
On the campaign trail, Trump pointed to his business record in promising  to fix government. On Monday, the White House unveiled an Office of American Innovation, which will make recommendations to improve government based on private sector consultation.
An early start may signal the administration plans to prioritize the effort, though it’s hard to tell what kind of follow-through it will devote to the project, what recommendations the office will devise, and whether any will actually be implemented. The office will be led by Trump’s son-in-law and senior advisor Jared Kushner, who does not have prior experience in government, and whose portfolio now includes everything from the Israeli-Palestinian conflict to the opioid crisis.
“It takes a long time to really improve government, there aren’t quick fixes, so you have to start right away,” said Max Stier, the president of the Partnership for Public Service, a good government non-profit. “It’s also important that you have buy-in from the highest levels of government.”
There’s a long history of presidential administrations looking to the private sector for advice on how to fix government—as well as examples of those efforts amounting to little more than unrealized recommendations. In 1982, Ronald Reagan established the Grace Commission, led by businessman J. Peter Grace, which resulted in a set of recommendations to rid government of waste and inefficiency. “Some recommendations were adopted,” according to a report from the IBM Center for the Business of Government and the Partnership for Public Service. But “the most significant recommendations required congressional action and were not implemented.”
Other administrations have attempted to improve government by modernizing it, a goal the Trump administration is also promising to achieve. According to a Elaine Kamarck, an aide to President Bill Clinton who helped implement a reform project known as the National Performance Review, and later re-named the National Partnership for Reinventing Government, the NPR helped bring the federal government into “the Internet Age.” It launched “the federal government’s first, comprehensive web portal,” Kamarck told the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform in 2013, which was designed to “offer citizens one stop access to government information.”
The Obama administration also focused on modernization as part of its own government reform agenda, including an effort to update information technology.
Shrinking the size of government, and cutting costs, has been another target of past administrations echoed by the Trump White House, which released an executive order aimed at eliminating redundancy in the federal government. During his first year in office, George W. Bush outlined a call for reform rooted in a “market-based” approach, and announced a “Management Agenda,” which the administration billed as “an aggressive strategy for improving management of the federal government.” As part of that, the Bush administration saved taxpayers roughly $7 billion by encouraging public-private sector competition, according to a 2008 assessment published in the Public Administration Review.
The Clinton administration's reforms also resulted in a cost-savings in the billions of dollars, according to the IBM Center for the Business of Government and Partnership for Public Service report, and included scaling back the size of the federal workforce.
It can be hard to predict how a massive federal bureaucracy will respond to efforts to change it, however. And it may be difficult to avoid unforeseen repercussions. Job cuts under the Clinton administration created “unintended consequences, such as weakening the acquisition workforce and diminishing the expertise and capacity of professionals in federal human resources and other management rules,” according to the IBM Center for the Business of Government and the Partnership for Public Service.
The Trump administration might face a unique set of challenges if the people tasked with recommending and carrying out reforms lack expertise in actually running government. A press release describing the so-called innovation office says that recommendations will be developed “with career staff along with private-sector and other external thought leaders.”
“The concern would be that relying on business people to make recommendations and fixes might not work as well as relying on public administration experts,” said Rob Atkinson, the president of the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation. “The federal bureaucracy is complicated, and you need to address these issues with people who actually understand public administration. Otherwise it would be kind of like taking a governor and asking him to go in and advise General Motors on how to run their business.”
Kamarck made a similar argument, writing earlier this week that “a real government-reform effort must be led by people with in-depth knowledge of the government itself. Otherwise, it will simply be another initiative that is forgotten almost as soon as it is announced.”
Part of the challenge of government reform is when it works well, it often fails to generate much attention or praise, potentially diminishing the incentive for government officials to prioritize reform in the first place. A breakdown in government operations, however, does have the potential to generate significant negative publicity, a lesson President Obama’s administration learned during the botched rollout of the healthcare.gov website in 2013. “Most presidents focus attention on policy and often fail to understand that won’t mean much if you can’t make it operational,” Stier said.
It’s too early to judge how this latest effort  might turn out. But unless the administration makes a substantial effort to tap existing governmental expertise, it’s hard to see how this latest attempt at reform could succeed.



ARTICLE
Washington attracts a certain type of person who loves attention—the thrill of the crowd, the glow of the camera. But it also attracts the kind of person who loves to operate in the shadows: the master of arcane rules, the backroom operator. When the second category of person ends up with the attention, things can get uncomfortable.
Take Paul Manafort, the former Trump campaign chairman whose ties to the Kremlin have come under new scrutiny as the Trump administration’s own ties do the same. Last week, the AP reported on alleged work Manafort did to burnish Vladimir Putin’s image abroad. As my colleague Julia Ioffe wrote, such work may appear distasteful to some, but it’s more often than not totally legal.
But now that Manafort is under the microscope, several reports are pointing to actions that might be more questionable. The first comes from WNYC, the New York public-radio station, which reported on three cases unearthed by  377union.com in which Manafort purchased properties in the city with no mortgages:

Manafort’s New York City transactions follow a pattern: Using shell companies, he purchased the homes in all-cash deals, then transferred the properties into his own name for no money and then took out hefty mortgages against them, according to property records.

The purchases came around the time Manafort signed a contract with Kremlin-aligned Russian billionaire Oleg Deripaska, which AP-acquired documents say involved lobbying to help Russia but Manafort says was merely on Deripaska’s behalf.
This pattern does not necessarily indicate any illegal behavior. But experts told WNYC that if someone was trying to launder money, this would be a typical way to do it, turning ill-gotten gains into legitimate cash by moving it through the various transactions. Once the mortgage was taken out, the money would be “clean” for the individual, with the property as collateral and the original source and purchaser forgotten. Manafort denied any wrongdoing and said it was common to buy real estate with limited liability companies, as he did.
Despite the large cash flows, Manafort found himself in danger of foreclosure on a townhouse in Brooklyn and properties in California, The Wall Street Journal reports. He was saved by a $16 million bailout, spread between November and January, from a bank owned by a Trump adviser. Manafort has received other loans from Trump friends before, highlighting the closeness of his ties to Trump. Nonetheless, the White House has argued of late that Manafort was a mere short-term volunteer for the campaign.
Manafort was also investigated for money laundering on Cyprus, NBC News reports. The island is a common outlet for money from Russia. Starting in 2007, Manafort opened at least 15 bank accounts and incorporated at least 10 companies. The large amounts of money flowing into Manafort’s Cypriot assets, including from Deripaska, raised concerns about money laundering at the bank, which opened an investigation. Manafort then closed his accounts there. NBC reports that the manner in which the accounts were being used was curious:

Banking sources said that in October 2009, one of the 15 Manafort-associated bank accounts in Cyprus received a payment of a million dollars and left the account on the same day. Experts said the way the multiple accounts and companies were used suggests they were set up to deliberately make it difficult for auditors to track the movement of funds.

The vast amounts of cash accord with what is known about Manafort’s work. According to the AP scoop, he was to receive $10 million annually from Deripaska. In 2016, The New York Times reported that documents turned up in Ukraine showed that Manafort was to receive almost $13 million in off-the-books cash payments from the political party of Viktor Yanukovych, the Kremlin client for whom Manafort worked as a consigliere. Yanukovych was deposed during a revolution in 2014.
Deripaska and Manafort eventually ended up at legal odds over a business transaction for a telecom company that ran through the Cayman Islands.
Manafort has always cut a somewhat sinister figure: He is fond of dark suits with wide pinstripes, giving him an old New York gangster look, and he has worked for a variety of unsavory clients—not just Yanukovych and reportedly Putin, but also Ferdinand Marco and Mobutu Sese Seko. Yet simply appearing sinister and actually breaking the law are two rather different matters.
The FBI and Treasury are both probing Manafort’s ties to Russia, as are committees in both houses of Congress. Last week, Representative Devin Nunes, the chair of the House Intelligence Committee, announced that Manafort had offered through an attorney to testify, though it’s unclear whether that would public or private, and whether it would be under oath. Deripaska, meanwhile, took out ads in The Washington Post and Wall Street Journal in which he said he was “ready to take part in any hearings conducted in the US Congress on this subject in order to defend my reputation and name.” (That is assuming he is able: Deripaska has on occasion been refused entry to the United States because of ties to organized crime.)
But Nunes’s announcement about Manafort was largely overshadowed by the greater drama engulfing his committee. Democrats have demanded Nunes recuse himself from the Russia inquiry over his mysterious handling of alleged revelations about intelligence surveillance of Trump transition team members. At the moment, the committee seems to have ground to a halt.
Testimony from Manafort and Deripaska could help determine whether the raft of stories point to truly nefarious behavior or are the stuff of conspiracy theory. If, that is, the House committee is able to get back on track. If not, the FBI or Treasury could get there first.



ARTICLE
In the mid-1990s, President Bill Clinton made a bold legal claim: He couldn’t be subjected to civil lawsuits for his actions as a private citizen until after his presidency ended. As you can imagine, that assertion raised eyebrows across the legal community. Among its critics was George Conway, a prominent New York City lawyer, who wrote in a 1994 Los Angeles Times op-ed that the claim “smacks of the privilege of a sovereign or an autocrat—not a president of a democratic republic.”
Clinton was then in the middle of a heated legal battle with Paula Jones, a former Arkansas state employee who alleged Clinton sexually harassed her in a hotel room while he was governor. The case eventually led to Clinton’s impeachment after he lied under oath about an affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky during depositions in the Jones case. That scandal was still a few years away when Conway wrote his op-ed; his focus instead was on the troubling implications of Clinton’s presidential immunity claim.
“In the end, Clinton's immunity argument is unacceptable because it would place presidents above the law,” Conway wrote. “It would enable a president to take out a mortgage on a summer home, refuse to make payments and yet be immune from foreclosure for four or eight years. A president who owned a recreational speedboat could run someone over and postpone a suit by the victim's family, who would be left without redress for many years.”
The Supreme Court eventually vindicated that stance with a unanimous ruling against the president in 1997. “[Clinton’s] principal submission—that ‘in all but the most exceptional cases,’ the Constitution affords the president temporary immunity from civil damages litigation arising out of events that occurred before he took office—cannot be sustained on the basis of precedent,” Justice John Paul Stevens wrote for the Court.
Now, more than two decades later, Conway is slated to become the next head of the Justice Department’s Civil Division. And the man who picked him will be taking the opposite stance on presidential immunity in court.
In a defamation lawsuit currently underway in New York, President Trump’s private lawyers asked the judge Monday to set a special briefing schedule to address an unusual question: whether the court has the authority to “assert jurisdiction over the President and adjudicate this case during his time in office.”
In other words, Trump asked the court to consider whether he can be sued in his private, unofficial capacity during his presidency. “Declining to consider would undermine not only judicial economy, but the very immunity he asserts and which the United States Constitution affords him by compelling him to litigate this action on the merits before that immunity is resolved,” his attorneys said in the filing. Trump’s lawyers did not provide an extensive argument for the immunity’s existence, which would instead be made if the court grants the special briefing. Instead they asserted the immunity was based on the Supremacy Clause, which declares the Constitution to be the supreme law of the land.
But whether that immunity even exists is an open question: The Supreme Court only ruled in 1997 that the president could be sued for his private acts in federal courts, leaving open the question whether he could face lawsuits for those acts in state courts. (Presidents enjoy a separate immunity from civil lawsuits for their official acts in both state and federal courts.) That makes Trump’s claim an increasingly rare event in the American legal system: a wholly novel question of constitutional law.
Trump’s lawyers made the assertion in response to a lawsuit brought by Summer Zervos, a contestant on NBC’s The Apprentice when Trump hosted it. The case’s origins date to the closing weeks of the 2016 presidential campaign when the Washington Post published a 2005 Access Hollywood tape in which Trump bragged about committing sexual assault to host Billy Bush. Multiple women then came forward to accuse him of misconduct over the past three decades. Among them was Zervos, who alleged Trump had kissed and groped her during a meeting at a Beverly Hills hotel in 2007.
Trump has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing in this case and others. And in his usual fashion, he also denounced many of the women who accused him of misconduct and accused them of lying to harm his presidential campaign. “Every woman lied when they came forward to hurt my campaign, total fabrication,” he said, according to Zervos’s complaint. “The events never happened.” Those denunications prompted Zervos to sue him for defamation, seeking an apology and about $2,500 in damages.
But if Trump has his way, the merits of her lawsuit won’t be heard for at least four years. Even the most basic preliminary proceedings should be halted, his lawyers argued, advancing an expansive conception of presidential immunity. “Requiring President Trump to litigate the merits on a motion to dismiss the complaint, in addition to moving to dismiss on grounds of presidential immunity, would negate the very interests that that immunity is designed to protect,” the filing said.
Clinton v. Jones, which Trump’s lawyers cited multiple times in their filing, presented a novel constitutional question for the justices two decades ago. To keep its ruling narrow, the Court said it would decline to address two issues. One was whether courts could compel the president to appear at any time or place—a potentially onerous requirement for the nation’s chief executive. The other unresolved question was whether presidential immunity from civil lawsuits existed in state courts. Jones’s lawsuit was filed in federal court, raising separation-of-powers questions for the Supreme Court to resolve. A lawsuit in a state court, the justices noted, would revolve around federalism concerns instead. Monday’s filing by Trump aims to resolve that open question.
On a historical level, presidents were almost never sued in their private capacity before Clinton. Only Theodore Roosevelt, Harry Truman, and John F. Kennedy had faced civil lawsuits for their pre-office conduct while president at that point, according to the Court. And those cases were also relatively trivial in nature: The lawsuits against Roosevelt and Truman were eventually dismissed, while the case against Kennedy, which sprung from a car accident in which he was involved, was settled out of court.
Trump’s private legal affairs are far more complex, to say the least. The president was notoriously litigious during his decades as a real-estate businessman: An extensive USA Today investigation during the 2016 presidential campaign estimated Trump had been involved in more than 3,500 lawsuits, both as a plaintiff and as a defendant, in his business career. In October, the newspaper found at least 75 pending cases involving Trump ahead of Election Day. It’s not immediately clear how many of those lawsuits are still ongoing today; he settled at least one high-profile case—with former customers of the now-defunct Trump University—before his inauguration.
If the courts adopt a presidential immunity rule for state-level civil lawsuits, the impact could be devastating for those suing Trump. Prolonged litigation can be costly in almost every sense—in time, energy, and most of all, money. Suspending those proceedings for at least four years would be a significant boon for someone with Trump’s resources, who’s in a better position to outlast less-wealthy plaintiffs. And if he’s re-elected in 2020, currently active cases would go unresolved for almost a decade.
There are good reasons for the courts to grant presidents some procedural leeway when facing civil litigation, for both the White House’s benefit and for the country. But when it comes to a claim of immunity—even a temporary one—Trump’s choice to become the federal government’s top civil litigator summarized it best.
“In a case involving his private conduct, a president should be treated like any private citizen,” Conway wrote. “The rule of law requires no more—and no less.”



ARTICLE
Tuesday was not a good day for America’s hard-charging white men. Fox News host Bill O’Reilly began his day on the set of Fox & Friends, where he was asked about remarks that Representative Maxine Waters made Monday evening on the floor of Congress about Trump supporters and patriotism. Instead of responding to Waters’s comments, O’Reilly opted to focus on something else. “I didn’t hear a word she said,” O’Reilly said, interrupting his hosts. “I was looking at the James Brown wig.”
In response, there were loud barks of (male) laughter on the set.
O’Reilly continued: “If we have a picture of James—it’s the same one.”
The laughter continued.
Host Ainsley Earhardt interjected, “No, I gotta defend her on that,” she said, “You can’t go after a woman’s looks. I think she’s very attractive.”
“I didn’t say she wasn’t attractive,” O’Reilly responded. “I love James Brown, but it’s the same hair James Brown—the godfather of soul—had.”
Then, quickly, as if sensing the hot water he’d just swan dived into, O’Reilly began to back track (sort of):

You’re all wrong about Maxine Waters—number one, she’s a sincere individual. Whatever she says, she believes. She’s not a phony. And that’s old school. We’re giving Maxine a break here—I love you Maxine, I want to see you on The Factor. And when hell freezes over, I’m sure that’ll happen.

It did not take long—which is to say, it took no time at all—for the blowback to begin.
A Black Lives Matter group called for O’Reilly’s resignation:

1. Her name is Maxine Waters.
2. OReilly should be fired for continued use of racist tropes to dehumanize black folkhttps://t.co/plcDKUVQll
— Black Lives Matter (@BLMLansing) March 28, 2017
Other tweets suggested phone calls to Fox HQ (with a phone number) to encourage his dismissal. By mid afternoon, O’Reilly was offering a statement by way of apology:

As I have said many times, I respect Congresswoman Maxine Waters for being sincere in her beliefs. I said that again today on Fox & Friends calling her ‘old school.’ Unfortunately, I also made a jest about her hair which was dumb. I apologize.

At the same time that O’Reilly was feverishly attempting unwind these peculiar and offensive comments about a prominent black woman, several hundred miles south in Washington D.C., White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer was at the podium, scolding April Ryan of American Urban Radio Networks—a black, female journalist who’d drawn Spicer’s ire by pressing him on the Trump administration’s alleged collusion with Russia.
“At some point,” said Spicer, “report the facts. The facts are that every single person who has been briefed on this subject has come away with the same conclusion—Republican, Democrat—so I’m sorry that that disgusts you. You’re shaking your head, I appreciate it.”
Though Spicer was spouting demonstrable falsehoods (enough people who have been briefed on the subject of Trump and Russia are concerned about it that there are three separate investigations) it was Ryan he sought to put on the defensive.
“At some point, April,” he lectured the recalcitrant reporter, “you’re going to have to take no for an answer with respect to whether or not there was collusion.”
It was the type of scolding one might expect for an errant teenager, or a tinfoil hat conspiracy theorist. Ryan pushed back.
“April, hold on,” said Spicer. “It seems like you’re hell bent on trying to make sure that whatever image you want to tell about this White House, stays.”
Ryan again protested, as Spicer talked over her:
“You’re asking me a question and I’m gonna answer it, which is—” Spicer stopped. “I’m sorry, please stop shaking your head again.”
Even for Spicer, a notoriously combative press secretary, this dressing-down seemed unusually inappropriate.
Olivia Nuzzi, the Washington correspondent for New York, tweeted:

Sean Spicer is rude to everyone, but it’s difficult to imagine him speaking to a white, male reporter the way he spoke to April Ryan today.
— Olivia Nuzzi (@Olivianuzzi) March 28, 2017
Maggie Haberman of the New York Times offered:

“Stop shaking your head again,” Spicer lectures @AprilDRyan, who is a grown woman.
— Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) March 28, 2017
And then, a few hours later:

This video is not doing better with a few hours of age https://t.co/NEkOfAbtMS
— Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) March 28, 2017
The confluence of these two attempts to humiliate prominent women of color did not go unnoticed even by those well outside of the spin room. Speaking in San Francisco Tuesday afternoon, Hillary Clinton weighed in:

Just look at all that’s happened in the last few days to women who were simply doing their jobs: April Ryan, a respected journalist with unrivaled integrity was doing her job just this afternoon in the White House press room when she was patronized and cut off trying to ask a question. One of your own California congresswomen, Maxine Waters, was taunted with a racist joke about her hair. Now too many women, especially women of color, have had a lifetime of practice taking precisely these kinds of indignities in stride. But why should we have to? And any woman who thinks this couldn’t be directed at her is living in a dream world.

I asked MSNBC’s Joy Reid—one of the few black, female television hosts on the air—about these parallel incidents. Reid was incensed, but not, it seemed, particularly surprised: “What both of them said, and this is something that women of color have been dealing with for a long time, is this idea that, ‘We don’t even have to listen to you. What you’re saying doesn’t even matter.’ Maxine Waters was making quite serious commentary. She is an elected official, but [O’Reilly] doesn’t respect her enough to even comment?”
As for Sean Spicer, Reid offered, “Does he ever tell [CNN’s] Jim Acosta to stop shaking his head? It was a bad day to read about how professional black women are treated.”
Clinton and Reid made similar points: Women, and especially women of color, have been the objects of ridicule and shame for far too long—O’Reilly and Spicer simply highlighted that fact. And yet, as problematic as it is, one has to wonder whether this particular form of humiliation is destined to be the status quo for the foreseeable future.
At the same time that these two men were busying themselves belittling Waters and Ryan, several thousand miles west, Uber released its very first diversity report, an attempt to turn the page after several months of very bad press, mostly concerning the company’s founder, Travis Kalanick. (Kalanick in particular has come to represent the quintessential take-no-prisoners white, male executive lately in vogue since the start of the Trump administration.)
But Uber’s strategy was not to defend this type of behavior. Quite the contrary: the report was very nearly self-flagellating. When it comes to “diversity,” Uber remains overwhelmingly white, and overwhelmingly male. No black or Hispanic employees hold leadership positions on its tech team (which is 75 percent white and 25 percent Asian).  The same is true when it comes to gender: Uber’s global leadership on its tech side is nearly 89 percent male, and only 11 percent female.
With these statistics in mind and the overwhelming public sentiment at hand, the company was forthright in its conclusions. “What has driven Uber to immense success—its aggression, the hard-charging attitude—has toppled over,” said the company’s chief human resources director, Liane Hornsey. “And it needs to be shaved back.”
Translation: The hard-charging attitude of white men must be reined in, if Uber is to survive.
One could not help but evaluate this conclusion amid the day’s news of Spicer and O’Reilly—two decidedly hard-charging, white men running amok. Neither Fox nor the White House offered anything in the way of clarifications (or apologies) for their comments, and a lot can be said for the difference in politics governing these two institutions versus the ones in Silicon Valley. Yet, even in the age of Trump—when so-called “political correctness” is on the downslope and pugnacious behavior is apparently on the upswing —O’Reilly and Spicer did not escape their respective blunders untouched. Both were held in check by their colleagues—colleagues who happen to be women. Earhardt, Nuzzi, and Haberman all work in the same places as O’Reilly and Spicer, and were public in their criticism. While Fox and the White House may be a long way from any Silicon Valley-style mea culpa about “hard-charging” white alpha males, the underlying sentiment—namely, that the denigration of women and minorities will not go unnoticed—has clearly permeated their respective atmospheres.  
By way of proof, on Tuesday evening, O’Reilly dedicated the start of his program by addressing—who else?—Maxine Waters. This time, though, he began with an apology:

She deserves a hearing and should not be marginalized by political opponents. In fact I made that mistake this morning on Fox & Friends. I said in a simple jest that the congresswoman’s hair distracted me. Well that was stupid, I apologize. It had no place in the conversation.

And then, O’Reilly went on to do what he probably should have done from the very beginning: He responded not to how Waters looked, but what she said.



ARTICLE
The major news out of Moore v. Texas, the Supreme Court’s death-penalty decision announced Tuesday, is that all eight of the current justices rejected a crude list of “factors” the Texas courts had evolved to tell when a criminal defendant can be executed despite evidence that he or she is intellectually disabled. (“Intellectual disability,” or “ID,” is the condition courts until recently called “mental retardation.”)
These factors include questions like “Did those who know the person best during the developmental stage—his family friends, teachers, employers, authorities—think he was mentally retarded at that time and if so, act in accordance with that determination?”, “Can the person hide facts or lie effectively in his own or others’ interests?”, and (my favorite) “[Did the commission of [the] offense require forethought, planning, and complex execution of purpose?” The “factors” represent—and were designed to represent—a kind of grotesque “a consensus of Texas citizens” view of intellectual disability, offering multiple ways to find that a given defendant is, whatever the doctors and psychiatrists might say, actually a cunning criminal deserving of death.
But, as the Supreme Court has pointed out before, intellectual disability is not left to the judgment of the neighbors; it is a complex medical and psychiatric condition diagnosed by a specialized set of clinical criteria. The stakes in an evaluation are high: under a 2002 case called Atkins v Virginia, executing an intellectually disabled defendant is a violation of the Eighth Amendment’s prohibition on “cruel and unusual punishments.”  Three years ago, in Hall v. Florida, the Supreme Court told Florida courts that they could not change the statistical standards governing IQ scores in order to avoid a clinical diagnosis of ID.
As noted, all the justices on Tuesday rejected what Texas called the “Briseno factors,” named after a 2004 case in which the state Court of Criminal Appeals interpreted Atkins as requiring it to “define that level and degree of mental retardation at which a consensus of Texas citizens would agree that a person should be exempted from the death penalty.”
This “folks ‘round here” standard is almost a laughable misreading of the Eighth Amendment, which applies to the states through the Fourteenth Amendment. The aim of the amendment was and is not to empower local majorities to define “cruel and unusual”—quite the reverse. (See the command that “no state shall ... deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law.”) Eighth Amendment cases seek to divine what Chief Justice Earl Warren in 1958 called “the evolving standards of decency that mark the progress of a maturing society.” Texas is part of that society, not a separate realm.
On Tuesday, a five-justice majority told Texas that its courts must not only give up the Briseno factors, but must also apply a standard “informed” by current clinical standards to diagnose ID. That means that, as medical knowledge advances and clinical standards evolve, courts are not free to ignore those changes.
Moore is an appeal by Bobby James Moore, who murdered a store clerk in 1980. He was captured soon after and sentenced to death; 15 years later, his death sentence was set aside because his lawyer had been ineffective. After a new hearing, he was again sentenced to death in 2001. A year later came Atkins, and the rule that the intellectually disabled cannot be executed.
Moore filed a habeas corpus petition with a Texas court, arguing that he fit under the Atkins rule. After hearing two days’ worth of evidence from Moore’s family, his former lawyer, and mental-health experts, the judge at the hearing concluded that Moore was intellectually disabled within the meaning of Atkins and could not be executed. The judge based that finding in part on the latest clinical standards, including a 2010 handbook by the American Association on Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities and the 2013 Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders-V of the American Psychiatric Association.
The state appealed to the Court of Criminal Appeals (called the “CCA”), which is, under Texas law, the ultimate fact-finder in habeas cases. That court set aside the habeas ruling, in large part because the lower court had used the newest medical standards rather than the old medical standards applied in 2004 by Briseno. Those standards included earlier editions of the clinical manuals, which evaluated patients differently. Briseno, the appeals court said, froze the law of ID in Texas, including the clinical standards, until the Texas legislature decided to change it. And beyond clinical data, the CCA said, the habeas court was also required to filter any claim of intellectual disability through the “Briseno factors” mentioned above—which constitute an entirely different, entirely non-medical, definition of intellectual disability.
As noted, the justices all agreed that Briseno had to go. In the majority opinion, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote that the “factors ... are an invention of the CCA untied to any acknowledged source.” Thus, “they may not be used ... to restrict qualification of an individual as intellectually disabled.” In his dissent, Chief Justice John Roberts agreed: the “factors are an unacceptable method of enforcing the guarantee of Atkins, and that the CCA therefore erred in using them to analyze adaptive deficits.”
There the agreement ends, however. Ginsburg, joined by Justices Anthony Kennedy, Stephen Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor, and Elena Kagan, went on to demolish the rest of the CCA’s factual findings. Though Ginsburg is too polite to say so, a reader will be astonished: the Texas court looked at the record amassed in the habeas hearing and simply came up with reasons to disregard all the evidence that suggested Moore really is intellectually disabled. True, as Ginsburg notes:

At 13, Moore lacked basic understanding of the days of the week, the months of the year, and the seasons; he could scarcely tell time or comprehend the standards of measure or the basic principle that subtraction is the reverse of addition. At school, because of his limited ability to read and write, Moore could not keep up with lessons. Often, he was separated from the rest of the class and told to draw pictures. Moore’s father, teachers, and peers called him “stupid” for his slow reading and speech. After failing every subject in the ninth grade, Moore dropped out of high school. Cast out of his home, he survived on the streets, eating from trash cans, even after two bouts of food poisoning.

The Texas court explained that these fact actually disproved Moore’s claim, since they could be causes of his poor intelligence rather than symptoms of genuine ID.
True, too, a number of IQ tests scored Moore below 70, a line that is used to separate disability for normal intelligence; but the CCA discarded five of the tests for various reasons, leaving two scores of 74 and 78. The first score is a problem, because the standard error of measurement indicates a “true” score between 69 and 74, meaning a chance that even that score indicated ID. The CCA explained that away on the grounds that Moore was depressed and not really trying hard on the test that day; so the score was probably not at the lower end of the standard error, and thus didn’t help establish ID either.
The combination of Briseno and the Texas court’s determined embrace of outdated clinical standards doomed its conclusion, Ginsburg wrote. State courts aren’t required to follow every change in clinical manuals, but “[t]he medical community’s current standards supply one constraint on States’ leeway in this area.”  Instead, “[b]y rejecting the habeas court’s application of medical guidance and clinging to the standard it laid out in Briseno, ... the CCA failed adequately to inform itself of the ‘medical community’s diagnostic framework.’ Because Briseno pervasively infected the CCA’s analysis, the decision of that court cannot stand.”
Roberts’s dissent (joined by Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito) argued that even discarding Briseno, the CCA opinion cited plenty of good reasons to reject the evidence of disability. First, current medical standards, while important, often change and should not be binding on state courts: “judges, not clinicians, should determine the content of the Eighth Amendment.” Second, the CCA, as fact-finder, was legally empowered to evaluate all the evidence, he wrote; that evaluation was not fatally tainted by Briseno and thus should receive deference. “Confronted with dueling expert opinions” Roberts added, “the CCA resolved the dispute before it by accepting the testimony of the expert it deemed most credible.” He would not reject that determination “based on my own interpretation of a few sentences excised from medical texts.”
For the second time in three years, a majority of the justices has sent word to the death belt that it is serious about the Atkins rule against executing defendants with ID. Medical standards are presumptively to be followed, Moore suggests. But if history is a guide, there will be further determined efforts to apply the local standard many of us grew up with—“He don’t look so all-fired disabled to me"—and a few justices sympathetic to those efforts.



ARTICLE
Now that the Affordable Care Act has survived its most serious threat in Congress, the law’s footprint across the country might grow even larger in the months ahead.
Several states that initially opted out of Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion are now reconsidering their decision as a result of last year’s elections and as Republicans come under new pressure to accept the billions in federal dollars available under the law. The most aggressive push is coming in deep-red Kansas, where the Republican-controlled Senate on Tuesday sent Governor Sam Brownback legislation that could expand the state’s version of Medicaid to as many as 150,000 new enrollees.
Brownback has criticized the bill and has 10 days to veto it, but a coalition of moderate Republicans and Democrats in the legislature are only a few votes shy of the threshold needed for an override. In Georgia, GOP Governor Nathan Deal said Monday that following the failure of the American Health Care Act on Capitol Hill last week, the state would explore seeking waivers from the Trump administration to allow Georgia to access federal money for an expansion while implementing restrictions on eligibility for enrollees. Utah has also sought waivers for a limited expansion approved last year by its state legislature. And in Maine, advocates for expanding Medicaid successfully forced the issue onto the ballot as a referendum this November; they did so after falling a few votes short of overriding conservative Governor Paul LePage’s repeated vetoes of expansion legislation.
Longer-shot efforts are under way in Virginia and North Carolina, where Democratic Governors Terry McAuliffe and Roy Cooper are battling Republican legislatures opposed to expanding the program, which provides health-care coverage for the poor and disabled. McAuliffe has seized on the defeat of the repeal effort to renew a years-long expansion campaign in Virginia, but Republican legislators have thus far been unmoved, The Washington Post reported. “There are no excuses anymore,” the governor said Monday.
The Affordable Care Act originally expanded Medicaid to households living just above the poverty line under a system in which the federal government would cover all of the costs through 2016. After that, states would begin chipping in a percentage of the bill. But the Supreme Court in 2012 ruled that states could choose not to accept the federal money, and as a result, 19 states either wholly or partially controlled by Republicans did not expand Medicaid.
A number of factors have contributed to the new momentum for Medicaid expansion. In North Carolina, Cooper’s defeat of GOP incumbent Pat McCrory restarted the debate over the program. And in Kansas, a lengthy and ongoing budget crisis prompted an electoral backlash against Brownback, ushering a wave of Democrats and moderate Republicans into the state legislature who argued for taking the federal money as a means of boosting the local economy and relieving some of the strain on the budget. “It generates economic activity,” said Dee Mahan, director of Medicaid initiatives at Families USA, a nonprofit health-advocacy organization. “This is money that is going to pay hospitals for care provided, pay doctors, nurses, community-health centers, other health-care providers who are otherwise not being paid for that care or being paid only through state funds.”
Alliance for a Healthy Kansas, a group pushing for expansion, estimates that the state has rejected nearly $1.8 billion in federal aid. Initially, the legislature began moving a bill to join the expansion out of fear that Republicans in Congress would freeze the program when they repealed Obamacare. “People really were trying to move before anything happened in D.C., so that our interests were protected,” said David Jordan, the Alliance’s executive director. “People understood that there was some urgency.”
Largely as a response to Kansas’s push, conservatives in the U.S. House demanded that GOP leaders add a provision to the repeal bill that would block new states from expanding Medicaid. But the legislation’s collapse last week cleared that path for Kansas and other states. Top Republicans in the House said Tuesday they had not given up on repealing Obamacare, but Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, conceded there was no specific strategy to revive the effort. “We’re much better served by getting in under the wire than being left behind, than being one of the have-not states,” Jordan said.
Brownback, however, hasn’t budged in his opposition. “To expand Obamacare when the program is in a death spiral is not responsible policy,” said Melika Willoughby, the governor’s spokeswoman. “Kansas must prioritize the care and service of vulnerable Kansans, addressing their health-care needs in a sustainable way, not expanding a failing entitlement program to able-bodied adults.” Willoughby wouldn’t say whether Brownback was definitely intent on vetoing the bill passed by the Senate, but the expansion’s best shot in Kansas may rest on the governor’s career prospects: He has reportedly been under consideration for an appointment by President Trump to a U.N. mission in Rome.
As in Kansas, the biggest challenge for advocates in Maine is a conservative governor adamantly opposed to expansion. LePage has vetoed Medicaid legislation five times, and he endorsed the AHCA in Congress only after Republicans agreed to language that would allow states to implement work requirements for Medicaid enrollees. Expansion has gained support in Maine as the state’s opioid crisis has deepened, but the votes to force it through in the legislature are still not there. “People have been pretty dug in over the last several years,” said Emily Brostek, executive director of the Maine-based Consumers for Affordable Health Care. “I would suspect that if it’s going to happen in Maine, it’s probably going to be through this referendum effort, at least over the next year.”
The success of the program in other Republican-led states has also helped influence the debate in states that did not initially expand Medicaid. GOP Governors John Kasich of Ohio and Rick Snyder of Michigan have taken credit for the drop in the uninsured rate in their states as a result of the expansion, and advocates have pointed to studies showing better economic results in states that accepted the federal money. “There are states that are looking around at the states that are surrounding them that are doing better because they have expanded, and that’s certainly a pressure,” Mahan said.
The argument from conservatives has been that states shouldn’t rush to join a collapsing federal health law that a new Congress is bent on repealing. But Obamacare’s biggest challenge has been the stability of its individual-market insurance exchanges, not the Medicaid system. And with repeal looking less and less likely, the allure of federal aid may be too much even for Republicans to resist. In the end, the most tangible result of an election dominated by Republicans might be an expansion of the very law they love to hate.



ARTICLE
Soon after his nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court, Judge Neil Gorsuch confided to a number of senators that President Trump’s attacks on federal judges are “disheartening and demoralizing.”
Is there a better description of the Gorsuch nomination itself, and the fundamentally dishonest process by which it is slouching toward confirmation?
Last week’s hearings, featuring two days of testimony by the nominee, seemed by design to shed little light on Gorsuch’s philosophy or on what kind of justice he will be. But in their determined reticence, they were not a happy portent. Indeed, for me at least, the nominee’s performance left me feeling worse about him than I previously had.
Both publicly and privately, people I admire and respect have assured me that Gorsuch is a fine human being and a conscientious judge. The most public example of this was the appearance by former acting solicitor general Neal Katyal, a former Obama official now leading the fight against the Trump travel ban, to assure the committee that he is “a first-rate intellect and a fair and decent man.” Also in evidence was a phalanx of former clerks willing to tell anyone who would listen of their judge’s wisdom and kindness. I stipulate—as I did from the outset—that Gorsuch is just a terrific guy.
The Neil Gorsuch on display in front of the committee, however, was not as appealing as the picture painted of him by his friends. In his answers to senators, Gorsuch seemed like a man whom one would dread sitting next to on a long airplane trip. The charm he displayed was oddly repellent; his vaunted humility was relentlessly overbearing; and his open-mindedness was rigidly dogmatic. He seemed to have trouble concealing contempt for the process, his questioners, and the public itself.
Gorsuch was by turns condescending, evasive, and even dishonest. In fact, it’s not too much to say that he, in his aw-shucks gentlemanly way, gaslighted the committee in a genteel but nonetheless Trumpian style.
In effect, Gorsuch said over and over, there is no elephant in the room.
That elephant, of course, is lawless politics of the rawest kind. The naked partisanship that kept a seat on the court open for a year in hopes that a Republican president could fill it; the overt contempt for law shown by Trump in stumping the country, showing a list with Neil Gorsuch’s name on it to guarantee a reversal of pro-choice legal precedent; the ideological aggressiveness that led a mysterious “dark money” group to pony up a staggering $10 million for TV ads touting Gorsuch for the seat denied to Merrick Garland; the authoritarian cynicism of an executive branch recklessly seeking to intimidate and neuter the Article III courts.  
It’s fair to say that no Supreme Court seat since Franklin Roosevelt’s nomination of Hugo Black has arrived smelling so strongly of party politics as has Gorsuch’s. And that nomination was born of the judiciary’s last near-death experience.
But Gorsuch insisted there was nothing to see in any of this. “I can’t get involved in politics,” he said indignantly. Gorsuch had, apparently, been delivered to the Senate committee room by the stork.
For me, the most annoying moment came when Sen. Al Franken (D-MN) attempted to engage him on a serious doctrinal area—the willingness of conservative judges to uphold mandatory arbitration clauses in situations where their operation offers a one-sided advantage to business interests who force them on employees and consumers. Arbitration clauses force those employees and consumers to cede their right to a jury trial in favor of a proceeding in front of a private arbiter who typically favors the firm that wrote the clause. As Franken pointed out, decisions like DirectTV, Inc. v. Imburgia and  American Express v. Italian Colors Restaurant have shown a partiality for arbitration—usually at the expense of the rights of consumers, employees, and small business—well in excess of anything that previous courts had been willing to enforce.
Gorsuch’s reply was smug: Jury trial was formerly available in most claims, he said. “And then in about—I think in 1925, Congress passed the law called the Federal Arbitration Act.” This was not only condescending—of course Franken knew about the “the law called the Federal Arbitration Act,” that was why he was asking the question—it was, as any lawyer will admit, intellectually dishonest. Franken was not asking about the Act, but about recent Supreme Court decisions interpreting the act—and a statutory interpretation is quite a different animal from the statute itself, especially since these interpretations were decided three-quarters of a century after the Act was passed, and generated spirited dissents. Gorsuch showed no willingness to admit that judicial interpretation of statutes—which is, after all, the central business of the Court—even existed.
Gorsuch tried manfully to be everybody’s folksy if not very communicative friend; the attempt was a bit grating. When Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI) asked him to discuss the 5-4 decisions that have empowered wealth to dominate political discourse, Gorsuch dismissed him airily: “I would like to cheer you up about the judicial process,” he said, pointing out the irrelevant fact that many decisions are unanimous.  
“If you ever go to Philadelphia,” he explained to Sen. Ben Sasse (R-NE), “you’ve got to go to Independence Hall and the Constitution Center and see how it all happened.” (This avuncular advice, well suited to a delegation of sixth-graders, was gapingly fatuous when offered to a prize-winning American historian, Yale Ph.D., and former university president who is also a sitting senator.)
I fear that Gorsuch’s opaque manner actually does not hide, but rather displays, his jurisprudential philosophy. There is a strain of conservative legal philosophy (by no means the only one, but a powerful one) that regards the role of courts as blocking the naïve progressive impulses of the people—poor fools, using individual mandates and Medicaid expansions to construct a modern health care system! Thinking that labor unions contribute to prosperity! Falling for politically correct gabble about feminism and homophobia or whatever the latest fad may be!—and substituting the mature judgment of the high court. Some thinkers on the right now insist that a judge’s duty is to decide whether economic and social regulation is wise, and strike it down if, in the judge’s opinion, it is not. Faced with demographic and political irrelevance, a strain of right-wing thought sees the courts as the final firewall of a laissez-faire economic order.
Of course, the decisions gutting progressive measures are to be couched in soothing neutral language of law—nothing to see here, I just call balls and strikes.
I caught a whiff of that philosophy when Gorsuch insisted, over and over, he was an entirely non-political being who had sprung immaculate from the brow of Lady Liberty. He is simply a judge, he said over and over—a job which calls, apparently, for neither values nor any firm connection to human life as it is lived. Judges just, well, you know, Senator, judge; they channel the brooding omnipresence of reason and then reach results without a thought for the so-called real world the rest of us must live in.
In fact, the job of a real judge is not to sniff daisies and contemplate Coke-on-Littleton, but to apply legal norms—the Constitution, treaties, statutes, and precedent—to facts. If, before getting the job, a judge is willing to pretend that facts don’t exist—What Merrick Garland nomination? What dark money? What Senate blockade? What campaign rhetoric?—the prospects for his long tenure on the high bench really are disheartening and demoralizing.



ARTICLE
For at least two years, an open secret lurked in the the metadata behind President Donald Trump’s personal Twitter account. Folks quickly noticed that his boring tweets—event announcements, press releases on polls—were usually sent from an iPhone, probably a staffer’s. The 3 a.m. rants, on the other hand, were generally sent from an Android. Guess which kind of phone Trump uses personally?
This was great for data-minded journalists like myself, because we could infer when Trump himself was tweeting, tapping away at his Samsung Galaxy. Trump tweets were quantifiably different than staffer tweets, angrier and posted later at night (not to mention more poorly spelled).  
But in recent weeks, the Android tweets have slowed to a trickle, an indication that the White House might finally be taking the security risks posed by the president’s Twitter account seriously. Trump now appears to post mostly from an iPhone, if he still tweets at all.
But @TrumpOrNot is on the case. It’s a Twitter bot that uses machine learning and natural language processing to estimate the likelihood Trump wrote a tweet himself. By comparing new tweets to the president’s massive Twitter record, the bot is able to tell with reasonable certainty whether Trump is behind the keyboard, even if he’s chucked Android for Apple.

This tweet was sent via Twitter for iPhone. I compute a 84% chance it was written by Trump himself. https://t.co/vs2nmC3IjI
— Trump or Not (@TrumpOrNotBot) March 28, 2017
The bot is pretty good at figuring out when Trump is talking. When tested against a mix of 2016 tweets, it correctly flagged the ones sent from an Android 90 percent of the time. It’s a bit worse at figuring out when a staffer has tweeted, incorrectly attributing iPhone tweets to Trump around 25 percent of the time, perhaps because staffers sometimes work to imitate his style.
It’s fun to see the words the algorithm found were most helpful in attributing a tweet to Trump or a staffer. Most of them aren’t words at all, but quirks of spelling or punctuation.
If you’re into this kind of stuff, take a look at the classifier code here. I’ll be continuing to improve the bot, and welcome suggestions.
This algorithm is already out of date. Some of the most important words of 2016—“Ted Cruz”, “Bernie”, “Crooked Hillary”—are unlikely to remain helpful in classifying the president’s future tweets. But absent Trump’s return to his trusty Android phone, machine learning can give the public its best chance of figuring out when @realDonaldTrump really is the real Donald Trump.



ARTICLE
President Trump signed an executive order that would dramatically change major Obama-era rules aimed at preparing for climate change and curbing greenhouse-gas emissions. The Washington Post reported that the Trump administration attempted to block former acting Attorney General Sally Yates from testifying before the House Intelligence Committee on alleged ties between the Trump campaign and Russian officials. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer later denied the report. House Speaker Paul Ryan said House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes should continue to lead the investigation, after some lawmakers called for Nunes to recuse himself. Ryan also told reporters that House Republicans would continue working on legislation to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, but didn’t offer a timeline.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Full Disclosure: Democrats have requested a list of everyone who visits President Trump’s Mar-a-Lago club in Florida, but that list doesn’t exist: Trump’s private clubs don’t “keep tabs on the identity of guests who come and go on a routine basis, even while the president is in residence.” (Darren Samuelsohn, Politico)
It Wasn’t Low Turnout: Many analysts blamed Hillary Clinton’s 2016 election loss on low voter turnout among Democratic voters, but The New York Times’ Nate Cohn writes, “Instead, it’s clear that large numbers of white, working-class voters shifted from the Democrats to Mr. Trump.”
Meet the Religious Left: Though not as powerful as religious conservatives, the religious progressive movement “is now slowly coming together as a force in U.S. politics.” Can the group translate its frustration into votes? (Scott Malone, Reuters)
Teaming Up: When it comes to pushing the rest of his agenda, Trump could consider partnering with moderate Democrats who are up for reelection in Trump-supporting states. Here’s how President Ronald Reagan’s bipartisan efforts in the 1980s might serve as a source of inspiration for Trump moving forward. (John Cassidy, The New Yorker)
The Kremlin’s Playbook: Mike Mariani takes a look at the Trump administration’s seemingly “indecipherable swirl of contradictions, conflicting reports, and apparent hypocrisies.” Is Trump drawing from Russian President Vladimir Putin’s propaganda model? (Vanity Fair)
Growing Up Trump: Last week, Donald Trump’s childhood home in Queens, New York, sold for a cool $2.14 million. This video offers a virtual tour of the house. (Sarah Maslin Nir, The New York Times)
Republicans’ plan to repeal and replace Obamacare flopped last week, but President Trump is ready to move to the next item on his agenda—tax reform. What would you like to see the Trump administration focus on and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Embattled House Intelligence Committee chairman Devin Nunes is now facing Democratic calls for his recusal from an investigation into the Trump administration’s ties to Russia, as the inquiry grinds to what is at least a temporary halt.
The California Republican has been on the hot seat since announcing last week that he had vague but significant information about “incidental collection” of information about Trump transition team members by U.S. intelligence agencies. “Incidental collection” is when the communications of someone who is not the target of surveillance are picked up because they are corresponding with a target.
But the revelation, and moreover the manner in which he made it and has conducted himself since, has drawn sharp criticism, including from members of his own committee.
Monday night, Representative Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the committee, called for Nunes to step down from the investigation into, among other things, whether members of the Trump team colluded with Russia to interfere in the presidential election, as well as any look into incidental collection of Trump team members.
“This is not a recommendation I make lightly, as the chairman and I have worked together well for several years,” Schiff said in a statement. “But in much the same way that the attorney general was forced to recuse himself from the Russia investigation after failing to inform the Senate of his meetings with Russian officials, I believe the public cannot have the necessary confidence that matters involving the president’s campaign or transition team can be objectively investigated or overseen by the chairman.”
Shortly after Schiff’s statement, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi echoed his call for Nunes to recuse himself.
But Nunes rejected the calls, saying, “Why would I?”
Nunes’s role has always been an uneasy one. He himself was a member of the Trump transition team’s Executive Committee, and Schiff and other critics have said he must choose between acting as a White House surrogate and acting as independent overseer. Nunes’s own actions and statements, including briefing the president before even informing other committee members about his revelation Wednesday, and his statement to Sean Hannity that he felt the need to inform Trump because the president was taking press criticism, have heightened the tension.
One problem with removing Nunes from the equation is that he obtained the revelations, such as they are, himself from a source, and it’s unclear who else has seen them. On Monday, after CNN broke the news that Nunes had visited the White House complex to view the information prior to his Wednesday announcement, he told Bloomberg View’s Eli Lake that his source was an intelligence official. Nunes has also said that no one in the administration knew about his visit. That claim has been the subject of skepticism from critics, including former Obama officials, who say no one could have visited the White House grounds, let alone used its secure facility for viewing intelligence material, without being cleared by White House staff.
Speculation has begun to focus on Michael Ellis, who was general counsel for the House Intelligence Committee until he was hired as special assistant to the president, senior associate counsel to the president, and deputy national security council legal adviser. Notably, Ellis is also an intelligence officer in the Navy Reserve—though if he was the source, it would contradict Nunes’s claims that no administration official was aware of his visit and that the White House did not know of the incidental collection before he briefed Trump.
Michael Isikoff reports that panel staffers believe Ellis may be the source. “A White House official and spokesman for Nunes declined to comment on whether Ellis was involved in providing information to Nunes, as did a spokesman for Schiff,” Isikoff added. “White House press secretary Sean Spicer insisted that White House officials were not aware of Nunes’ secret trip to meet his source and referred all questions to Nunes’ office.”
Democrats alone have little power to force Nunes to step down, as they are in the minority. All they can do is raise a fuss and try to attract press attention that might put pressure on the chairman. That also creates an opening for other critics especially on the Senate side. John McCain has previously called for an independent commission to investigate Russian interference, and Tuesday morning the Arizona Republican said on CBS News that Nunes should reveal his source.
In the meantime, however, the acrimony seems to have brought the investigation to a halt. On Friday, Nunes suddenly announced he was canceling a hearing scheduled for Tuesday with former top Obama administration officials, one of many steps that angered Schiff.
Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, an Obama holdover fired by the Trump administration for saying the Justice Department would not defend the president’s Muslim travel ban, was one of the witnesses scheduled to testify. The Washington Post reports now that the White House sought to block Yates’s testimony on grounds of executive privilege. Yates’s lawyer argued Friday she was not covered and said she intended to appear. That day, Nunes announced he was canceling the hearing. Now all meetings this week have been canceled because of the partisan battle.
Aside from the question of why Nunes has conducted himself in a strange cloak-and-dagger fashion, and of whether he is acting as a Trump ally or an investigator, there remain many questions about what, exactly, he revealed. Nunes said that Trump transition team officials were caught up in surveillance of foreign targets, and that as far as he could tell, all the surveillance was lawful. It’s neither unusual or unlawful for this to happen, but the names of U.S. persons are supposed to be “masked,” or redacted.
Nunes has complained that there was insufficient masking and that reports featuring identifiable people were too widely circulated within the Obama administration during its closing days. While it initially appeared that Trump transition officials were directly caught in the surveillance, Nunes has since softened that claim, so that it’s possible Trump aides’ communications were not collected at all and were merely discussed by those under surveillance—and it’s not especially surprising that foreign officials would discuss figures in an incoming administration.
Nunes finds himself in a difficult bind. The questions of what masking and circulation are appropriate carry some subjectivity, and in order to substantiate his accusation that intelligence material was too widely shared with insufficient masking, Nunes is forced to ever more widely share the relevant intelligence material.



ARTICLE
President Trump suffered a series of major setbacks last week, beginning with FBI Director James Comey’s blockbuster announcement that his agency is investigating the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia and ending with the collapse of the Republican effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act. But he also closed out the week with a little-noticed victory in the courts—one that could herald a path forward on one of his most contentious policies.
The case, Sarsour v. Trump, was filed in a federal district court in Alexandria, Virginia, just outside of Washington, D.C. Linda Sarsour, a Palestinian American activist who most recently helped organize the Women’s March, and a group of other Muslim plaintiffs asked the court to suspend the second version of his controversial travel ban. The executive order temporarily barred visa travel from six Muslim-majority countries and suspended the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program for four months.
Their petition made two statutory complaints: that the order broke a non-discrimination provision in federal immigration law for immigrant visas, and that it broke certain federal administrative rules. They also fought the order on constitutional grounds, arguing it violated the First Amendment’s religious-freedom protections and the Fourteenth Amendment’s Equal Protection Clause.
To obtain an injunction that would halt the ban’s implementation, the plaintiffs had to prove to Judge Anthony Trenga that they’d likely succeed on the merits of their case when it went to trial—in other words, that their case was reasonable enough to potentially sway a jury. On Friday, Trenga ruled against them on all four counts. He dispatched the administrative-law complaint easily: The office of the presidency isn’t an “agency” under the Administrative Procedures Act, he wrote, so it wasn’t an issue in this case. For the other three arguments, Trenga laid out a more complete rationale against them.
In practical terms, the decision wasn’t a decisive victory, though it may have soothed the Trump administration after a tumultuous week. Trenga’s ruling doesn’t affect the other half-dozen cases on Trump’s travel ban working their way through federal courts, including the Hawaii case that led to another nationwide injunction earlier this month. But it’s a significant win nonetheless: By siding with the president on one of the most high-profile legal battles in recent years, Trenga’s decision offered a template for other courts to follow if they choose—including, perhaps, the U.S. Supreme Court.
Central to the dispute are two clauses of the Immigration and Naturalization Act, or INA. In arguing for the second travel ban earlier this month, the Justice Department cited a section of the INA allowing the president to “suspend the entry of all aliens or any class of aliens as immigrants or nonimmigrants, or impose on the entry of aliens any restrictions he may deem to be appropriate.” This provision, known as Section 1182(f), is the legal mechanism Trump used to suspend visa applications for 90 days and the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program for 120 days.
That law seems fairly clear-cut in the government’s favor. But Sarsour and her fellow plaintiffs pointed to a 1965 amendment to the INA that says “no person shall receive any preference or priority or be discriminated against in the issuance of an immigrant visa because of his race, sex, nationality, place of birth, or place of residence.” Because that amendment came after the 1952 provision, the plaintiffs argued, it restricts Trump’s ability to suspend visa applications on those grounds when enforcing Section 1182(f).
Trenga disagreed. His reading of the act depicts two distinct events: the visa-application process, which is covered by the 1965 amendment, and a foreign national’s physical entry into the United States, which can be constrained by the president through Section 1182(f). Even if the amendment covered the same process as Section 1182(f), Trenga noted, it would only protect immigrant visas. That would leave a broad swath of non-immigrant foreign nationals still barred from traveling to the United States by Trump’s invocation of 1182(f).
“In determining how to proceed, the court is cast upon cross jurisprudential currents,” Trenga said. On one hand is Lemon v. Kurtzman, a landmark Supreme Court case that laid out a three-prong test for courts to determine whether a government act violates the First Amendment’s religious-freedom protections. One of those prongs says that the act must have a “secular legislative purpose” or else it won’t survive judicial review.
On this point, Sarsour and the other plaintiffs offered evidence to allege Trump was operating in bad faith—that his ban was designed to restrict only Muslims from entering the United States and didn’t have any other aim. Their submissions included his original call for a “total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States” in December 2015, a TV interview in which former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani said Trump approached him about a “Muslim ban” and “the right way to do it legally,” and top Trump adviser Stephen Miller’s assertion that the revised order was “going to have the same basic policy outcome for the country.”
But Trenga also had to consider a separate set of Supreme Court precedents, specifically on the federal government’s immigration powers. Under a series of cases starting with Kleindienst v. Mandel, the Supreme Court said the president need only offer a “facially legitimate and bona fide rationale” to survive a court’s scrutiny. Translation: The federal government has exceptionally broad latitude to craft immigration policies, so long as they can offer a seemingly plausible reason for them.
As broad as it may be, that standard wasn’t necessarily damning for Sarsour and the other plaintiffs. My colleague Garrett Epps noted last week that even under the lenient Mandel standard, Trump’s long history of controversial comments about Muslims could still prevent the ban from passing constitutional muster. But the judge sided with the federal government instead, citing the revisions made between the first and second executive orders.
Such a conclusion is no accident, since the Trump administration consciously designed the second order to satisfy the courts’ concerns about the first one. The White House kept the 120-day suspension of the U.S. Refugee Assistance Program, but nixed both the permanent ban on Syrian-refugee resettlement and the exemption for religious minorities. Iraq was removed from the list of countries affected by the visa-application ban, and already issued visas would not be suspended. The administration also included a series of exemptions to the visa-application ban giving consular officials broad latitude to override it when they deemed it necessary.
Those revisions, the judge concluded, reconfigured the calculus behind the court’s judgment. Trump’s past statements about Muslims still mattered, but they were no longer coupled with a “facially discriminatory order.” That presented a potential separation-of-powers problem: If the court ruled his remarks still compromised a neutrally drafted order, it would have “effectively disqualified him from exercising his lawful presidential authority” under federal immigration law.
For Trenga, that would have been a step too far. Accordingly, he wrote, it was “no longer likely that plaintiffs can succeed on their claim that the predominate purpose of [the second executive order, or EO-2] is to discriminate against Muslims based on their religion and that EO-2 is a pretext or a sham for that purpose.” Other judges in other courts may continue to rule differently. But with his ruling, Trenga has supplied them with a way to uphold the president’s ban.



ARTICLE
This week President Trump put his son-in-law Jared Kushner in charge of a new White House office, the Office of American Innovation. It will reportedly be staffed by former business executives who will operate like a SWAT team to bring new ideas to government.
This is an admirable undertaking. Like any large organization the government can always use fresh ideas. But the reality is that government is like the private sector only in some pieces of its operations—consulting business executives can be very useful, but a real government-reform effort must be led by people with in-depth knowledge of the government itself. Otherwise, it will simply be another initiative that is forgotten almost as soon as it is announced.
Consider the size and scope of the federal government. In 2014, it had revenues of $3.021 trillion. This is more than the combined revenues of the 16 largest Fortune 500 companies at the time. It also had about 4.2 million employees (including uniformed military personnel) a size that equals the total employment of the six largest U.S. companies. It is impossible to find anyone who has ever run a company this big.
Most corporations, even very large ones, have a “core” business like building airplanes or selling hamburgers. The federal government does everything from contracting for state-of-the-art weapons systems to reviewing new drugs to sending out retirement checks. It has a wide variety of missions and a wide variety of personnel needs.
For many of the biggest and most expensive operations of the federal government, there is no private sector analog from which to take good ideas or best practices. For instance, no one in the private sector manages a nuclear arsenal. That’s what many people in the Department of Energy do. And no one in the private sector makes plans and conducts operations for the defense of Europe. That’s what they do over at the Pentagon.
And the federal government doesn’t actually “do” much of what it pays for. In a whole host of areas, from clean water to drug counseling, the federal government sends money to states and localities where other government officials or private-sector contractors actually do the work. Tackling the opioid crisis is a very laudable goal, but the front lines in that fight are staffed by local law enforcement officials and drug counselors. Other than sending more money through the federal pipeline, there are limits to what can be done from Washington.
How can private-sector leaders be most helpful? When I helped Vice President Al Gore run the Clinton administration’s reinventing government initiative, we met with many corporate executives—especially ones who were famous for turnarounds. The first thing we learned was that it was near impossible to do a successful turnaround without the buy-in of the workers. I suspect that this advice still holds, even though it is now 24 years old. So far, the Trump administration has gone out of its way to insult federal workers in its attempts to “drain the swamp.” They will soon learn what all the feds know—the bureaucracy pre-dates and outlasts individual presidents.
The second thing we learned was that most corporate executives were horrified at the constraints under which the average government manager works. From the outdated civil-service rules and salaries that will not let them hire the talent they need, to budget rules that made the movement of money within agencies nearly impossible, federal managers are handcuffed in ways that few CEOs in private-sector organizations are. If Trump’s effort does nothing more than build a consensus in the Republican Party for “normalizing” the civil service and making budget rules more flexible, it will be a success.
This is not to say that the federal government can’t learn from the private sector—it can. But the best opportunities are at the operational level. The Army’s motor pool can probably learn a great deal from Hertz and Avis about keeping cars clean, reliable, and available. Those who want to improve health services for veterans can surely learn a great deal from those who run large, complex hospital systems.
There are, no doubt, many good ideas out there for improving government operations. But they need to be implemented and not just articulated. And that takes a fully staffed-out government. The Trump White House has barely begun to fill the critical second layer of government that is so important to the implementation of such initiatives.
The Clinton administration was the last to cut the size of government and balance the federal budget—all while avoiding government fiascos like the response to Hurricane Katrina under President George W. Bush or the Veteran’s Administration meltdown under President Obama. Both Bush and Obama made progress on government modernization, but during their terms, they both had bigger fish to fry: For Bush, there was 9/11, and for Obama, the financial crisis. Trump can tackle the hard work of government reform once again—but doing it is no easy task.



ARTICLE
“In a way I’m glad I got it out of the way,” President Trump told the Washington Post last week in the moments after he and Republican leaders in Congress pulled the plug on their first major legislative priority, repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act.
Health care was hard. Really hard. “Nobody knew that health care could be so complicated,” the president had said in a now-infamous quote. The health-care legislation was pulled without a vote last week after House Speaker Paul Ryan told the president there were not enough votes from Republicans to pass it.
The implication of Trump’s musings about the difficulty of passing complicated health-care legislation is that he believes the rest of his agenda will be much easier. Tax cuts? Everybody like tax cuts. The legendary border wall. More defense spending. A big, bipartisan infrastructure bill.
Moving on from the American Health Care Act now liberates Trump to pursue the promises he’s truly passionate about, the items that drew the loudest cheers at his campaign rallies last year. Yet Republicans in Congress don’t see it that way, and for good reason: Passage of the health-care legislation was supposed to lay the groundwork and build momentum for a series of even tougher negotiation and votes to come. That to-do list is longer and less sexy than the president’s agenda, and it includes a few items—like funding the government and raising the debt ceiling—where Republicans don’t have the luxury of failure. And unlike the health care push, most of the upcoming legislative battles will require support from Democrats.
Funding the Government
Congress has just over a month to pass some sort of spending bill to avoid a shutdown of the federal government on April 29. But the window is actually much shorter than that, because the House and Senate are scheduled to take a two-week recess for Easter in the middle of the month. Once lawmakers return, they’ll have just a week to strike a deal and pass a bill that would cover the rest of the fiscal year that ends on September 30.
Any legislation would be subject to a 60-vote threshold in the Senate, giving Democrats significant leverage in negotiations. While there have been discussions about an omnibus appropriations bill, the likeliest outcome is a continuing resolution that would maintain spending levels set during the final budget agreement of the Obama administration. But once the two parties agree on money, there may be a fight over policy. Conservatives, for example, are expected to push to defund Planned Parenthood, which party leaders had hoped would be taken care of in the health-care bill. That effort could force Trump to take sides between the Freedom Caucus and Democrats who have fought to protect the women’s health nonprofit. And moderate Republicans have already grown wary of injecting the politics of abortion and contraception into spending debates.
With Republicans in power, Democrats could be in the position of shutting down the government by blocking legislation in the Senate. But emboldened by the GOP’s divisions and Trump’s low approval ratings, they may gamble that the public would be more likely to associate a shutdown with the party that has historically been more antagonistic toward government.
Paying for the Border Wall
As part of the short-term funding debate, Trump has asked Congress for an immediate appropriation of $30 billion to boost defense spending and another $3 billion to start construction of the wall along the border with Mexico. And he wants lawmakers to find $18 billion in cuts to domestic agencies to offset the new spending.
The president might get some money for the military, but Democrats (and some Republicans) have already signaled they’ll put up a fight on the border wall and domestic budget cuts. “It shouldn’t be rammed down people’s throats,” Schumer said Sunday on ABC’s This Week. The Democratic leader has already started needling Trump about the fact that he’s asking taxpayers to fund the wall when he assured voters that Mexico would fork over the money. (Mexico will ultimately pay the bill in some form, the White House has been saying lately.)
And as Schumer pointed out, a number of Republicans representing districts along the border have begun speaking out against Trump’s proposal, noting that a wall doesn’t make sense in certain geographical areas and that the government would need to assert eminent domain and seize private property in other places. “My prediction,” Schumer said, “it wouldn't get the votes on either the Democratic or Republican side.”
Passing a 2018 Budget
Trump’s “skinny budget” landed with a thud on Capitol Hill earlier this month. Republican defense hawks wanted even higher spending for the Pentagon, fiscal conservatives were disappointed with a lack of entitlement reform, and a range of GOP lawmakers opposed the steep cuts to popular domestic programs that Trump proposed.
Republicans are free to ignore the White House’s longer budget proposal when it comes out in May—the budget is a resolution that Congress passes but the president does not sign. But GOP lawmakers still need to agree on their own budget proposal to set in motion the procedural mechanism for their more ambitious desire to rewrite the tax code. As with health care, Republicans want to use the reconciliation process to circumvent a Democratic filibuster of tax reform in the Senate, and passing a 2018 budget resolution is a necessary first step.
Enacting Tax Reform
This is the president’s new obsession. As the health-care bill was teetering in Congress, Trump began hinting to anyone who’d listen that he was even more excited about tax reform, that it was an easier political lift, that he would have started out with that if his advisers and congressional leaders hadn’t insisted for complicated procedural reasons that health care come first. “I would have loved to have put it first. I’ll be honest,” Trump said at a rally in Tennessee. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said as recently as last week that tax reform would “much simpler” than repealing and replacing Obamacare.
In fact, most Republicans in Congress believe the opposite is true. Overhauling the tax code affects every industry in America and is expected to touch off an unprecedented frenzy of lobbying, as interest groups and trade associations fight for the loopholes and provisions that their businesses rely on. Divisions have already broken out between House and Senate Republicans over a centerpiece of Speaker Paul Ryan’s proposal—a “border adjustment tax” that would generate $1 trillion in revenue to finance rate reductions but which many Republicans worry will translate into higher retail costs for consumers.
And the GOP’s failure on health care has only made tax reform harder, because legislators were counting on the tax-and-spending cuts in the American Health Care Act to give them more room in the budget to slash rates without blowing up the deficit. The consequence is that Republicans likely won’t be able to cut rates as deeply—if they are able to get agreement at all. “Yes, this does make tax reform more difficult, but it does not in any way make it impossible,” Ryan told reporters as he conceded defeat on health care last week.
Raising the Debt Ceiling
The biggest fiscal showdown of the Obama years came in the summer of 2011, when House Republicans took the country to the brink of a first-ever default by refusing to raise the debt ceiling. The two parties struck a last-minute deal, but thereafter Republicans only agreed to authorize more debt if Democrats provided the bulk of the votes in Congress.
Now that the GOP has unified control of the government, it is the Trump administration asking Congress to raise the debt limit. Mnuchin formally made the request to congressional leaders in a letter earlier this month, informing them that, as is customary, the Treasury Department would resort to “extraordinary measures” to pay the nation’s bills as long as it could in the meantime. Budget analysts expect the department to be able to buy time at least until summer, but at some point, Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell know they’ll be in for a tough vote.
They will undoubtedly need help from Democrats, who might make the GOP’s job easier by not asking for anything in return. “[We] are making it clear to the administration that we want a clean lifting of the debt ceiling,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi told Politico a few weeks ago.
White House officials have said in recent days that Trump wants to work with Democrats, though it’s not yet clear how serious they are about forging a new bipartisan approach. Outreach to the opposition could be a way to isolate the hardline House Freedom Caucus and pressure them to compromise. But with Trump’s approval rating plummeting and his own party seemingly in disarray, Democrats may have even less incentive to bail the president out.
“We all learned a lot,” the president told reporters last week after he agreed to abandon the health-care bill. “We learned a lot about loyalty. We learned a lot about the vote-getting process.” As Republicans embark on a tough road ahead in the next few months, Trump will have plenty of opportunities to prove it.



ARTICLE
Republicans spent the past eight years opposing President Obama, and now Democrats are calling for “resistance” against President Trump. But opposition alone isn’t enough to win converts to a cause or enact a political agenda, argues Eric Liu, the founder of the non-profit Citizen University and author of the new book You’re More Powerful Than You Think: A Citizen’s Guide to Making Change Happen.
Instead, Liu, who served as an aide to President Bill Clinton and describes himself as progressive, argues that anyone looking to create enduring political movements must outline an alternative narrative of what life should look like, and work to sell people on that vision. His book draws lessons from case studies across the ideological spectrum, from fossil-fuel divestment to gun-rights activism, rooted in local and national action alike.
I recently spoke with Liu about his book and the state of civic engagement and political activism under the Trump administration. Our conversation has been lightly edited for length and clarity.  
Clare Foran: The premise of the book is that average citizens have more power than they realize to bring about political change. But you note that there are reasons to believe the system is rigged—arguing in the book that Congress is walled off from reform and that the demands of the rich typically win out in American politics—and you talk about a creeping public apathy. How can all these things be true at the same time?
Eric Liu: The reality of our time is that political and economic inequality have rigged the game in favor of the already privileged. But if you take the time to understand how that came about in the first place, then you can realize that it’s a man-made state of affairs that can be re-made.
There are plenty of real-world examples of how citizens can exercise bottom-up power to change the rules of that game. There’s been the Arab Spring, the Brexit, and surges of anti-government protest from Spain to South Korea. And then in the United States, the Tea Party, Occupy Wall Street, Black Lives Matter, and now the populist-nationalist surge that got Donald Trump elected. These are all part of the same shift in power.
You can’t have decades of rising inequality in a country without having a profound counter-reaction. I think right now we are in the age of counter-reaction, both from the left and the right. I think that’s what propelled Trump to office, and now we are seeing his administration provoke a counter-reaction from the left.
Foran: How effective do you think Trump has been at diagnosing problems in American politics? And do you think that the political left has paid enough attention?
Liu: To start, there’s trade. Trump has talked about the ways transnational capitalism has undermined nation-based labor. That’s happening all around the world, but here in the United States we hadn’t been having much of a debate about it in recent years. Trump and Bernie Sanders both forced that debate.
At a minimum, Trump has been usefully honest in the ways he has talked about the problems with our campaign finance system, like his comments about how he bought access to politicians throughout his career as a business man.
But one thing that Trump’s political rise has laid bare that I think the left would be wise to pay more attention to is that many Americans are willing to support a political leader who denigrates American traditions and democratic norms. Trump has attacked the press, and he has attacked the judiciary, but for many Americans that wasn’t disqualifying in a president. I think the message is that so many millions of Americans have felt so disenfranchised and helpless for so long, that they’re just glad to see somebody give the finger to the system.
Foran: You mean a lot of people believe there’s no reason to venerate American institutions because they feel like those institutions have done nothing, or little, to help them?
Liu: Yes, I think so. I think it shows how profoundly the political system has failed so many Americans. But it also shows how deep frustration on the part of voters can translate into political power when it animates people to take action, like voting for Trump.
Foran: How would you critique the current activism and civic engagement—including marches, rallies, and protests—we’ve seen since the election?
Liu: I think the power of that activism is that it’s surging up without any kind of formal, top-down, or planned mechanism. The fact that it’s diffuse and decentralized is a strength, in my view. There needn’t be a central command driving the resistance. But I also think that resistance is not enough. Protest is necessary, but insufficient. What people need to remember to do, wherever they are in the civic ecosystem, is tell a story of an affirmative alternative.
I think the left may be in danger of overlooking the need to offer an affirmative economic story that people believe and want to be part of. Right now, the left is attacking Trump, but it isn’t really telling a story of what a progressive populist economy would look like. You can’t beat something with nothing. You have to offer a something else.
Foran: Do you think that conservatives have deployed grassroots activism more effectively than liberals, and what do you think liberals can learn from conservative activism like the Tea Party movement?
Liu: I’m not a Tea Party supporter. But the Tea Party, I believe, recognized the power of having a story. A story that explains how we got here, why we’re getting screwed, and what we need to do next. As simple as that sounds, that’s so crucial and so often overlooked. The second thing that the Tea Party can teach is the power of peer-to-peer lateral organizing. There are a lot of people on the left who later said, “Oh the Tea Party is just astroturf, it’s the Koch Brothers propping this up.” And it may be true that down the road the movement became co-opted by establishment money, but in its origins it was as spontaneous as a peer-to-peer self-organizing movement as we’ve seen in modern politics.
When Obama got elected, a lot of people on the left looked at him as a savior. Trump famously said that he “alone” would fix things, but I think people believed that of Obama too. And many of the people who helped elect him did not do the work of continuing to organize and building face-to-face relationships in the places where the left did not already dominate. They let the work and infrastructure that helped deliver his victory atrophy. This is a lesson that citizens both on the left and right have to continually re-learn.
Foran: Your book strikes an optimistic tone by arguing that anyone can become empowered to bring about political change. Can you elaborate on why you feel optimistic right now?
Liu: I think it’s important not to lose sight of the bigger picture. Right now, people are responding and mobilizing in reaction to threats to our democracy, and it’s not just the left that’s responding. Libertarians are finding that there’s heightened interest in their approach to politics. Reform conservatives are realizing that if they were ever going to take seriously any notion of limited government that they have to fight creeping authoritarianism under this administration. All of that shows that our democracy is still alive and functioning, and that working to defend it is not a partisan project. That’s why I’m an optimist.
Foran: Do you think there’s a risk in being overly optimistic? At what point does that become an obstacle to accurately seeing reality as it really is?
Liu: Optimism to me is the result of a clear-eyed assessment of how bad things are, and then finding the reasons why you can and will be able to remedy what’s ill and broken. So, I’m not saying we should kid ourselves. There is so much that is sick and broken in our politics. But optimism is important, too. People need to remember that they can be, and are, part of something greater than themselves. You can only sustain rage for so long, and that’s true even for liberals right now reacting to Donald Trump and his administration. What is more durable and renewable as a source for affirmative power building is a sense of purpose and ultimately hope—and coupling that with a literacy in power: knowing how to organize and activate other people for change.
That’s how this country has renewed itself in periods of decline. The civil-rights movement had grim and dark chapters, but every one of its catalytic leaders who were organizing around civil rights in the 1960s did so with a spirit of optimism and joy, in quoting the American creed, believing in it, venerating it, and saying we’re going to redeem it.
In the book, I talk about how power compounds, it justifies itself, and it is infinite. Power compounds by making the already powerful even more powerful, and it justifies itself as people in power find ways of making arguments to sustain and legitimize their power. Those two factors alone could create a doom-loop of power becoming increasingly concentrated, but what saves us is that power is also infinite. Power is something that any one of us can create. And civic power is not zero-sum. So, there can be protests and activism on the political left, and on the political right, and they won’t cancel each other out or become self-defeating. Instead, that could end up generating more civic engagement and a more vibrant democracy overall.



ARTICLE
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes confirmed that he was on White House grounds to meet with a source, who’d allegedly given the congressman intelligence information about Trump transition officials. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer didn’t rule out the possibility that Nunes met with a source from the White House, but he added that the idea “doesn’t really pass the smell test.” The New York Times reports that the Senate Intelligence Committee will question Jared Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law and close adviser, about his meetings with Russian officials. During a White House press briefing, Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that local governments seeking federal funding must certify that they are not “sanctuary cities” and are in compliance with federal-immigration law. An Associated Press analysis shows that North Carolina’s “bathroom bill,” the law that limits anti-discrimination protections for LGBT people, will cost the state $3.76 billion over 12 years.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

The White House ‘SWAT Team’: The Washington Post reports that Trump plans to create a White House Office of American Innovation, a new body “designed to infuse fresh thinking into Washington”—and he wants his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to lead it. (Ashley Parker and Philip Rucker)
‘Trump vs. Congress’: Robert Draper argues that Trump needs “to develop a rapport with Washington's 535 federal deal makers” if he wants the rest of his agenda to succeed. Can he do it? (The New York Times Magazine)
‘Breitbart Jerusalem’: Meet Aaron Klein, a Philadelphia native from an Orthodox Jewish upbringing, chosen by Steve Bannon to lead Breitbart’s Middle East outpost. Here’s how he’s working to build the website’s international brand. (Katie Glueck, McClatchy)
Trouble in the Treasury: Up next on the Trump administration’s agenda is reforming the tax code, but infighting between hardcore conservatives and the less ideological “Goldman Sachs branch” in the administration might make that difficult. (Ben White and Nancy Cook, Politico)
‘Lost’: A series by the Portland Press Herald explores the effects of Maine’s heroin and opioid epidemic, which claimed the lives of 378 people last year.
 
Who Stopped the Bill?: Thirty-three Republican lawmakers—some moderates and some hard-liners—were key to the collapse of the GOP health-care bill. View these graphics to learn who they are. (Wilson Andrews, Matthew Bloch, and Haeyoun Park, The New York Times)
Republicans’ plan to repeal and replace Obamacare flopped last week, but President Trump is ready to move to the next item on his agenda—tax reform. What would you like to see the Trump administration focus on and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Friday was the worst day of Donald Trump’s young presidency—an unprecedented defeat on his first legislative priority, which also happened to be his party’s signature promise for the last seven years and one of his own top campaign promises. What’s more, the collapse undercuts the central premise of Trump’s political identity, his supposedly formidable reputation as a dealmaker.
But what if, instead, Trump dodged a serious bullet on Friday, setting him up for a recovery? If that’s the case, Friday might even have perversely been the best day of Trump’s presidency so far—or at least the point where he hit rock-bottom, allowing him to turn things around.
This is not to argue, as Hugh Hewitt did, that last week was “a very good week for the conservative cause generally” and even less so, as Hewitt did, for “President Trump specifically.” Whatever progress was made on Neil Gorsuch’s Supreme Court nomination, Trump’s approval rating continues to plunge and his administration is under siege. Still, the coverage of the collapse has been so uniformly apocalyptic, and the press’s animosity toward Trump so manifest, that it may be useful to consider things from a fresh perspective.
With the failure of the repeal-and-replace effort, Trump—despite his own best efforts—unwittingly rescued himself from the passage of a hugely unpopular bill that would have hurt his own voters most. In a broader sense, Congress’s fractiousness saved Trump from having to follow through on an impossible campaign promise to repeal Obamacare, replace it with a conservative alternative, and expand coverage. Looking forward, post-health-care tension threatens to drive a wedge between Trump and Paul Ryan’s agenda, which is in many ways anathema to the Trump coalition.
Start with the bill in question. Trump had promised during the campaign to repeal and replace Obamacare “immediately” with something that would avoid mandates but maintain popular provisions that prohibit discrimination for preexisting conditions and allow people to stay on their parents’ insurance plans until 26. He also planned to make coverage available to anyone who wanted it, and to not touch Medicare and Medicaid. There is a plan that would do this: a single-payer universal health system. But since that wasn’t going to happen with a Republican president and Republican Congress, there was no obvious way for Trump to fulfill his promises.
Even by those standards, the American Health Care Act was politically toxic—which is, of course, one reason it failed in Congress. One poll found it had 17 percent approval. It would have cut federal funding for Medicaid, and it would have dramatically increased premiums for many voters, including Trump supporters. In the short term, the demise of the AHCA was a political disaster for the Trump administration, but in the long run, passing it might have been a greater disaster.
One side effect of the bill’s failure has been strain between Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan. The two were always an odd pair; they disagreed on a range of fundamental issues, especially entitlements (Ryan wants to cut them; Trump promised to preserve them) and free-trade agreements (Ryan likes them; Trump hates them). They were temperamentally different; Ryan was obviously skeptical of Trump during the election, while the Trump-friendly site Breitbart had long sniped at Ryan.
Yet for a brief moment it seemed like there might be a productive truce between the two sides. Ex-Breitbart boss Steve Bannon, now Trump’s chief strategist, met with Ryan in January and managed to find some common ground. Trump allowed Ryan to direct the design of the health bill and the process for passing it. On Friday, Ezra Klein wrote that despite promising to change the way Washington and the Republican Party worked,

Trump has become a pitchman for Paul Ryan and his agenda. He’s spent the past week fighting for a health care bill he didn’t campaign on, didn’t draft, doesn’t understand, doesn’t like to talk about, and can’t defend. Rather than forcing the Republican establishment to come around to his principles, he’s come around to theirs — with disastrous results.

Immediately after Ryan and Trump agreed to pull the bill on Friday, Trump insisted he didn’t blame Ryan. But White House officials were already placing the blame at his feet in anonymous quotes to reporters. Trump also enigmatically encouraged his Twitter followers to tun in to Jeanine Pirro’s Fox News show on Saturday; she led off her show calling for Ryan to step down, which White House officials insisted was merely coincidental.
Although Ryan doesn’t seem to be going anywhere, a split with the speaker might be the best thing that could happen to Trump in political terms, freeing him up to pursue the deficit-bloating spending agenda he laid out during the campaign, rather than the far more austere and fiscally conservative one that Ryan desires. Say what you will about Trump losing the popular vote; his agenda still has more of a voter mandate than Ryan’s does. The tax reform that Ryan and Trump still say they will pursue is likely to be highly regressive, and if the failure of the AHCA makes it harder to push through a regressive tax plan, that too may be a case of Trump unwittingly dodging a bullet.
Rather than attack Ryan, Trump lashed out at the House Freedom Caucus on Twitter. The staunchly conservative faction has shown that it can withstand pressure from Ryan. Though it withstood Trump’s apparently clumsy last-minute charm offensive, a sustained attack from the White House might be one of the few things that could break it. (One member, Representative Ted Poe, has already left over the health-care failure.) And even if it doesn’t work, this gives Trump an excuse to reach out to Democratic lawmakers on future plans. He attacked them on Friday, but there’s already a growing sense that Republicans will have to reach across the aisle.
Trump enters the final third of his first 100 days with his political capital much depleted, a cratering approval rating, and his presidential campaign at the center of an FBI investigation. It’s an ample supply of lemons, but there are ingredients for lemonade, should Trump decide to make it. As I reported last week, Bill Clinton’s chaotic early presidency holds out an example of how a president can execute a successful turnaround.
If the past is precedent, Trump won’t do that. The AHCA debacle showed that Trump has little handle on the way Capitol Hill works, and minimal interest in learning. As a general rule, he lacks discipline. Moving to take advantage of the moment would also require a unified, concerted effort from a White House that has shown little ability to act in that way; and Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, who is perhaps best positioned to lead a turnaround, has come out of the health-care experience weakened internally. Still, if the failure of repeal and replace turns out to be an unmitigated disaster, that will only be because Trump missed a golden opportunity.



ARTICLE
This post was updated on March 28, 2017 at 3:54 p.m. 
Breitbart News’s quest to obtain permanent congressional press credentials is forcing the secretive company to disclose more information about its operations, staff, and its links to White House chief strategist Steve Bannon.
The U.S. Senate Daily Press Gallery’s standing committee of correspondents is so far still refusing to grant a permanent press pass to the outlet, which was led by Bannon as executive chairman until he went on leave to join the Trump campaign in August. That’s been a sticking point for the committee, which has sought more information about Bannon’s involvement with the site. The committee is seeking clarification from Breitbart about issues related to its office space and the level of involvement of the Mercer family, the powerful Republican donors who have invested in Breitbart.
The committee met on Monday and considered a letter it had received that it had requested after a meeting last month attended by Breitbart CEO Larry Solov in which Solov had stated that Bannon had resigned from Breitbart in a phone call.
Solov’s letter to the committee, dated March 23, asserts that Bannon resigned from Breitbart News “on or about” November 13, 2016—five days after the election.
“Bannon has no editorial, executive, financial or other role or interest in BNN,” Solov writes in his letter.
At the last meeting in February, Solov disclosed Breitbart’s ownership structure publicly for the first time. “I want to disclose as little as possible about our financial structure,” Solov said, according to minutes of the meeting.
But he acknowledged then that the owners of Breitbart are himself, Andrew Breitbart’s widow Susie, and the Mercer family.
At the committee’s request, Solov also included the company’s masthead in his March 23 letter, which includes three names which are connected to Mercer-linked entities. Managing editor Wynton Hall and Senior Editor-at-Large Peter Schweizer are both tied to the Government Accountability Institute. Schweizer is its president, and the group reportedly paid Bannon $376,000 over the course of four years while he also ran Breitbart. The committee is also concerned about London editor Raheem Kassam having been involved with Glittering Steel LLC, a production company owned by the Mercers.
In a phone call, Kassam said he had never had anything to do with GAI or with Glittering Steel and said the committee had confused him with Hall.
Press gallery rules bar reporters from being involved with any lobbying or paid advocacy for individuals, corporations, government entities or political organizations.
The committee also wants Breitbart to clarify its office situation in Washington. For years, the company has operated here out of the “Breitbart embassy,” a rowhouse on Capitol Hill owned by an Egyptian politician named Moustafa el-Gindy. USA Today reported last week that Breitbart is planning to move out of the embassy and into office space in downtown Washington; the embassy is not zoned to be an office.
Breitbart is being asked to clarify these issues to the committee by April 14, and the next committee meeting is scheduled for April 25. It has been given a two-month extension on its temporary congressional press pass, giving it until May 31.
Breitbart editor-in-chief Alex Marlow did not respond to a request for comment.




ARTICLE
Updated on March 27 at 12:55 p.m.
As House Intelligence Committee chairman, Representative Devin Nunes’s job is to oversee American spycraft. But Nunes’s own actions over the last few days suggest more the cloak-and-dagger actions of a would-be John Le Carré character than those of a sober government investigator.
Amid accusations from Democrats on the panel that Nunes is acting as a surrogate for the Trump administration, CNN revealed Monday that Nunes was seen on the White House grounds on Tuesday, the day before he announced he had new and important information about surveillance of Trump transition team figures by the intelligence community.
Nunes told CNN he was there “to confirm what I already knew” and that he needed a secure location to view intelligence information, and his spokesman gave a similar statement to NBC News. Nunes also said that no administration officials knew he was there. That claim, like many of Nunes’s statements so far, raises at least as many question as it answers.
CNN said Nunes had visited the National Security Council offices in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building adjacent to the White House, adding, “The official said Nunes arrived and left alone.” And after days of refusing to say who his source was, Nunes told Eli Lake on Monday that it was an intelligence official.
Since Wednesday’s bombshell, the story has gotten only weirder. Nunes’s own claims, already difficult to pin down, have become only more enigmatic, while the focus has shifted to how exactly the California Republican obtained whatever documents he’s citing, and whether the White House was involved.
Nunes’s announcement was curious for several reasons, including the fact that by his own admission he did not yet have full information; his decision to take the partial information he possessed to the White House to brief President Trump, without informing other members of the committee first; and the fact that even as he railed against improper revealing of intelligence information, he was hastily releasing this.
The next few days saw an escalating war of words between Nunes and committee Democrats. On Thursday, Nunes apologized to Democrats for not informing them, but later said he had would have done things the same way again. That night he told Sean Hannity he had “a duty and obligation” to brief the president “because as you know he’s taking a lot of heat in the news media,” which is at odds with his supposed role as an independent investigator. On Friday, he precipitously canceled an open committee hearing scheduled for Tuesday, infuriating Democratic ranking member Adam Schiff, who called for an independent commission to look into the Trump administration’s ties to Russia, and said he thought Nunes was acting in response to pressure from the White House.
It’s the White House’s role, or lack thereof, that is now squarely in focus. The Daily Beast’s Tim Mak reported Friday evening that Nunes was in a car with a senior staffer on Tuesday when he suddenly hopped out and disappeared. Nunes staffers didn’t learn anything more before Nunes’s dramatic announcement on Wednesday. They had no idea what he planned to say until he said it. (He told reporters about his new information at the Capitol, then left for the White House, briefed the president, and then held a second presser there.)
Nunes is legally required to visit a secure facility to view classified information. The Washington Post reported Monday that “Congressional officials said that the director of National Intelligence, the FBI and National Security Agency had all indicated that they got no late-night visit from Nunes, a trip that probably would have been entered in security logs.”
CNN filled in some of the missing period: Nunes apparently got into an Uber and went to the White House complex.
But why did Nunes need to go to the White House to see the information? There are secure facilities at the Capitol. Nunes has refused to say whether his revelations came from White House officials, saying will not confirm or deny anything about his source. How does he know that no administration figures knew he was at the White House Tuesday? (Clearly, someone saw him and tipped off CNN. Who else did?) And if, as he told CNN, he was simply confirming what he already knew, where and when did he obtain that insight in the first place?
Even if Nunes’s reasons for viewing the information on the White House grounds are entirely innocent, they were politically foolhardy. With his late-night escapades and questionable explanation for his visit, he has fed speculation that he is working in concert with the White House and attempting to help the president. The groundwork for that idea had been laid by his hasty briefing for Trump, his comments to Hannity, and his confusing cancellation of the upcoming briefing, though, as the Post reports, Nunes has long been a close ally of the president’s and was on the transition team he now says was subject to surveillance. Although Nunes said the new information does not validate Trump’s accusation—offered with no evidence—that President Obama surveilled him, the administration has claimed it as vindication.
Some of Nunes’s allegations are already looking dubious. He has acknowledged that all of the information to which he has referred was legally collected, though he expressed concern that the names of Trump transition team members were not adequately redacted. But he has since said he cannot be sure that any transition team members were even directly caught up in surveillance, or whether they simply may have been mentioned.
Meanwhile, Nunes cannot or will not answer most of the questions about his information, citing classified-information rules. Like a spy-novel character in over his head, Nunes’s inability to answer pointed questions has placed him in an impossible situation.



ARTICLE
As the Republican Party struggled and then failed to repeal and replace Obamacare, pulling a wildly unpopular bill from the House without even taking a vote, a flurry of insightful articles helped the public understand what exactly just happened. Robert Draper explained the roles that Stephen Bannon, Paul Ryan, and others played in deciding what agenda items President Trump would pursue in what order. Politico reported on how and why the House Freedom Caucus insisted that the health care bill repeal even relatively popular parts of Obamacare. Lest anyone pin blame for the GOP’s failure on that faction, Reihan Salam argued persuasively that responsibility rests with poor leadership by House Speaker Paul Ryan and a GOP coalition with “policy goals that simply can’t be achieved.”
But dogged, behind-the-scenes reporting and sharp analysis of fissures among policy elites do not capture another important contributor to last week’s failure—one Josh Barro came closest to unpacking in a column titled, “Republicans lied about healthcare for years, and they're about to get the punishment they deserve.”
The article isn’t an attack on conservatives and libertarians.
Plenty of plausible alternatives to Obamacare have been set forth by people who are truthful about the tradeoffs involved. For instance, The Atlantic published a plan in 2009; Ezra Klein and Avik Roy usefully illuminated the disagreements between serious conservative and progressive health-care wonks; and Ross Douthat suggested reforms that borrow heavily from Singapore. Barro is aware of many smart right-leaning critiques of Obamacare and sympathetic to some.
What he points out in his column is that the GOP didn’t honestly acknowledge the hard tradeoffs inherent in health-care policy before making the case for a market-driven system.
Republicans tried to hide the fact of tradeoffs:

For years, Republicans promised lower premiums, lower deductibles, lower co-payments, lower taxes, lower government expenditure, more choice, the restoration of the $700 billion that President Barack Obama heartlessly cut out of Medicare because he hated old people, and (in the particular case of the Republican who recently became president) "insurance for everybody" that is "much less expensive and much better" than what they have today. They were lying. Over and over, Republicans lied to the American public about healthcare. It was impossible to do all of the things they were promising together, and they knew it.

That is basically correct. And it helps explain how Republicans could win a presidential election and lots of congressional elections on the promise of repealing and replacing Obamacare, only to produce a bill that was wildly unappealing to voters.
Once Republicans commenced governing, the tradeoffs couldn’t be elided any longer.
Still, even the insight that Republicans spent years willfully obscuring the tradeoffs involved in health-care policy doesn’t fully explain the last week. Focusing on GOP officials leaves out yet another important actor in this debacle: the right-wing media. By that, I do not mean every right-leaning writer or publication. Over the last eight years, lots of responsibly written critiques of Obamacare have been published in numerous publications, and folks reading the aforementioned wonks, or Peter Suderman at Reason, or Yuval Levin, or Megan McArdle at Bloomberg, stayed reasonably grounded in the actual shortcomings of Obamacare.
In contrast, Fox News viewers who watched entertainers like Glenn Beck, talk-radio listeners who tuned into hosts like Rush Limbaugh, and consumers of web journalism who turned to sites like Breitbart weren’t merely misled about health-care tradeoffs.
They were told a bunch of crazy nonsense.
As I was drafting this article, Ted Koppel made headlines by telling Fox News entertainer Sean Hannity that he is bad for America. This upset some conservatives, who felt it was just another instance of the mainstream media attacking a fellow conservative. I don’t think that conservatives are typically bad for America. But I lament the fact that Hannity is still employed in my industry, in large part because his coverage of subjects like Obamacare is dishonest—and I say that as someone who has preferred a very different health-care policy since 2009.
Back then, my maternal grandmother was still alive, and I remember her listening to Hannity on Fox and getting very angry, upset, and afraid about what would happen next. I do not exaggerate when I say that the Obamacare debate lowered the quality of her last years. But not because she was so opposed to the actual tradeoffs that Obama and the Democrats were proposing that it made her anxious.
She was upset because Hannity said scary things like this:

So it sounds to me like they're actually encouraging seniors in the end, "Well, you may just want to consider packing it all in here. This is—" What other way is there to describe this? So they don't become a financial burden on the Obamacare system? I mean, that's how they intend to cut costs, by cutting down on the amount of health care that we can give and get at the end of our lives and dramatically cutting it down for senior citizens? You know, welcome to the brave new world of Obamacare. We're going to encourage, you know, inconvenient people to consider “alternatives to living.” Well, that just sounds terrific, which by the way is not uncommon and has been a source of deep concern in places like Great Britain. You know, the place where they have a government rationing body that denies women with advanced breast cancer their health care.

She mistook Hannity for a man with integrity, who would never go on national television or nationally syndicated radio and willfully or carelessly mislead millions.
That was a mistake. Had Hannity been an outlier in this respect, perhaps people like me could have persuaded people like my grandma that whatever the demerits of Obamacare, the bill would not cause a bureaucrat to send Dr. Kevorkian to her bedside, or render her grandchildren servile subjects in a totalitarian dystopia.
Instead, Sarah Palin posted this to her Facebook page:

The America I know and love is not one in which my parents or my baby with Down Syndrome will have to stand in front of Obama's "death panel" so his bureaucrats can decide, based on a subjective judgment of their "level of productivity in society," whether they are worthy of health care.

Such a system is downright evil.

Chris Baker said this on Glenn Beck’s radio program:

Sir, you're overweight. What? Yes, sir, you are overweight, we're going to have to require you to lose weight. And if you don't lose weight on your own, we're going to send you to a fat camp and make you lose the weight. And if you still don't lose the weight, then you know, we're just going to have to do surg—we're just going to have to put you in jail. And if you don't lose the weight in jail, sir, I don't know what else to do. Maybe some end-of-life counseling might be good. I mean, I remember a woman that got—that was greased by Dr. Kevorkian because she was fat.

Beck himself warned: “This is the end of prosperity in America forever if this bill passes. This is the end of America as you know it."
Said Rush Limbaugh, “When this passes, they will have even more power, regulating every aspect of our lives, because they believe in their minds and hearts that we have no competence whatsoever to lead our own lives and make our own decisions."
On another occasion Limbaugh added:

It's not going to be a matter of whether you can or cannot pay. It won't be a matter of whether you have coverage or don't have coverage. What'll matter is that all of us will be slaves; we'll become slaves to the arbitrary and inhumane decisions of distant bureaucrats working in Washington where there's no competition, nobody you can go to if you don't like what you hear from the bureaucrats that you have to deal with."

Said Jim Quinn:

Ladies and gentlemen, you have to understand that we are at a critical and pivotal moment in the history of the United States. If they pass health care, government health care, that is the end of the republic. That is the final nail in the coffin of the individual free human being. Once they own your body, they own everything. Once they can withhold health care from you, because you're too old, because you're too sick, or maybe 'cause they just don't like you -- did you ever think about that?

These aren’t just egregious, scare-mongering falsehoods that a few people uttered on a few occasions. They represent the tenor of coverage on right-wing TV and radio across scores of hours of broadcasting. This is the largely forgotten context that helps explain why my colleague David Frum could not have possibly succeeded in persuading elites on the right to work with Democrats to improve Obamacare (rather than guarantee that it would pass without any Republican input).
The coverage offered by right-wing media in those years also helps explain why elected Republicans never developed compelling arguments for why voters should prefer a different set of tradeoffs.
Right from the start, commentators who long ago traded their integrity for ratings spewed falsehoods so wild that anyone on the right could justify outright opposition to the legislation, without having to explain anything. “The Slaughterhouse Three, Obama, Pelosi and Reid, have authored the legislation that will make every American a POW, strip them of their Freedoms and Liberty and shove them in a meat cellar for cold storage,” a commentator at Breitbart declared in 2010. “So how is that Hope and Change working for you now?”
To take these people at their word was to assume merely repealing Obamacare would leave everyone better off. (Whose lot wouldn’t be improved by avoiding POW status?) Of course, Obamacare passed, and Americans were subject to neither cold storage nor death panels nor the end of individual freedom nor the abolition of all private insurance. Down syndrome kids were just fine. Millions gained coverage.
The right-wing entertainers never corrected bygone falsehoods or erroneous predictions when their fabricated catastrophes failed to unfold. They just shifted to new falsehoods. They are too numerous to detail, so let’s stick with a few more examples from Hannity. Here he is demagoguing a little girl’s lung transplant. Eric Stern re-reported a 2013 Hannity segment on specific Americans allegedly harmed by Obamacare to illustrate how egregiously the show misled viewers. The same year, Politifact explained why Hannity was wrong to make the outlandish claim that Obamacare would cause fully half of Americans to lose health insurance.
The point isn’t that Obamacare was without flaws, or that no one was pointing them out, but that many of the most-watched conservative entertainers were spreading wild falsehoods rather than cogently explaining the bill’s real costs and shortcomings. There were defensible reasons to oppose the law, but many who told pollsters they were against Obamacare had indefensible reasons, in that they were grounded in the wild falsehoods. What’s more, on a cable-news network that bills itself as “fair and balanced,” viewers were seldom given any information about Obamacare’s benefits or exposed to any stories of folks who were helped by it.
At more responsible right-leaning outlets, the right-wing audience still wouldn’t  encounter direct refutations of Hannity or Beck, because most right-leaning journalism outlets pull their punches when it comes to Fox News and its personalities. They want their writers to be invited on the network; journalists who write books want to publicize them there; and they certainly don’t want to anger their core readers by criticizing popular talk-radio hosts.
In the long run, mendacious right-wing health-care coverage had consequences. A significant faction of conservatives felt Obamacare was so dumb and malign that repeal alone would be a tremendous boon to all Americans, imposing significant costs on almost no one.
As Peter Suderman wrote:

Trump spent the last two weeks selling the House plan. He met with specific individuals and with various congressional factions opposed to the bill. He personally called the offices of more than 100 legislators. He has cajoled and threatened, telling those who refused to back the legislation that they would lose their seats. He threw the entire weight of his personality and the office of the president behind the vote, saying that he backed the bill "one-thousand percent." But he never took the time to explain to either the public or congressional Republicans what the bill actually did.

He did not make a case for the bill's policy merits, preferring instead to describe it using generic superlatives. Contrast that with President Obama, who traveled the country making the case for his health care overhaul, and made a major prime time address outlining its provisions. Trump, in contrast, was, by virtually all accounts, indifferent to the policy content of the bill so long as it passed and he could say that he had fulfilled his promise to repeal and replace Obamacare.

The Republican Party had previously benefited politically from its indifference to substance on health-care reform.
In the end, however, less than 20 percent of U.S. voters favored the passage of the Obamacare repeal bill, because even large swaths of the Republican base eventually discovered that, contrary to everything they’d been led to expect, repeal imposed huge tradeoffs!
There are many who people bear responsibility for the GOP’s failure to improve upon Obamacare. But when apportioning blame, the right-wing media should not be forgotten.



ARTICLE
On March 6, House Republicans proposed legislation to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. It contained language that would defund Planned Parenthood—that is, end the provider’s reimbursements through Medicaid—for one year. The House abandoned that legislation on Friday. But this July, it’s possible that a small-scale version of that defunding will happen in Iowa, where Republicans are pushing for a repeal-and-replace of their own: They want to scrap the state’s family-planning program and redraft it to exclude Planned Parenthood from the list of eligible providers.
The argument for this in Iowa is the same as it was in Texas when the state passed similar legislation in 2013—and it’s the the same in most states where moves have been made to block the organization from funds: Lawmakers want to prevent state dollars from going to providers that facilitate abortions, and they say Planned Parenthood patients can instead receive family-planning care, like contraception and pelvic exams, at community-health clinics.
There are currently 12 Planned Parenthood clinics in Iowa, and the legislation stands to affect nearly 4,000 Planned Parenthood patients in the state who will have to go elsewhere for their family-planning needs. The question is: Can those patients get equal health-care elsewhere?
In Iowa, the answer—like the debate itself—is complicated. Some clinics simply aren’t capable of providing that care. The ones that can will require significant coordination and investment to serve these women. And despite their eagerness to defund Planned Parenthood, the lawmakers pushing the legislation seem to have made little effort to prepare for what would follow.
* * *
On February 2, Republicans in the Iowa Senate passed Senate File 2, a bill that would scrap the Iowa Family Planning Network waiver (IFPN) and replace it with a state family-planning program. The IFPN waiver currently allows people who don’t qualify for Medicaid to receive family-planning coverage, including contraception, pelvic exams, pap tests, and STD testing. The new state-run program would, according to Republicans, have the same requirements as the IFPN waiver, except funds wouldn’t go to any provider that performs or facilitates abortions. (No federal dollars are currently spent on abortions in keeping with the Hyde Amendment, but Republicans argue that funds actually free up money to be used for abortions.) The legislation is under deliberation in the House, but state Republicans have the votes—and Governor Terry Branstad is likely to sign it.
If it passes, beginning in July, patients receiving care under the IFPN waiver would no longer be able to get their family-planning services covered at Planned Parenthood and a handful of other providers in the state. According to the Iowa Legislative Services Agency, there were 12,219 people participating in the IFPN program in December 2016. Of those participants, 3,781 (30 percent) of them went to Planned Parenthood in 2016, for a total of 10,941 visits.
“This effort to block patients is really just a microcosm of what is happening at the federal level,” Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards told me in a recent interview. “This is saying for many folks, you can no longer go to the health-care provider of your choice. At the federal level, it’s expanded, but it’s the exact same principle.”
Richards predicts that if legislation like this passes, it will trigger a statewide—and, eventually, a national—health-care disaster. “If women are denied the ability to go to Planned Parenthood, don’t think someone else is going to swoop in.” But that’s exactly what Iowa Republicans think will happen.
* * *
In recent months, Republicans have offered lists of alternative clinics where IFPN patients can receive family-planning care. An initial list released by Republicans included a dentist’s office, a school nurse, and a youth shelter. A more recent list, sent to me in February by Senate Majority Leader Bill Dix’s office, was more thorough: an Excel spreadsheet containing 47 federally qualified health centers and 170 rural health clinics. Many of the providers listed were duplicates, at least one clinic was permanently closed, and several told me they didn’t actually provide family-planning services. On the rural-clinic side, only a few would likely be used by patients as alternatives to Planned Parenthood, since most were at least an hour’s drive from the nearest Planned Parenthood clinic.
But several of the federally qualified health centers could feasibly serve as alternatives, so I called a few of them to ask if they could pick up those extra patients. The problem was, no one I spoke with could give me a definitive answer, because they were all very unclear about what the new state-run program would entail.
“We’ll respond, we just don’t have a clear plan or strategy in place other than trying to get clear information,” said Ron Kemp, the CEO of Community Health Centers of Southeast Iowa. The Planned Parenthood in Burlington, Iowa (population 26,000), serves 198 IFPN patients, and a nearby Planned Parenthood in Keokuk, Iowa (population 11,000), serves 96, according to figures from Planned Parenthood of the Heartland. Lawmakers had listed Kemp’s health centers as alternatives to those two Planned Parenthoods.
“We have some capacity,” he told me, cautiously. “We don’t know the funding volume, we don’t even know all the equipment, but we’re committed to do that.” Accepting an influx of new patients seeking pelvic and breast exams, as well as contraceptives like IUDs and implants, will require new equipment and an evaluation of provider capabilities and specialization, Kemp said. “We’ll figure out a way to adapt, and expand capacity if that’s what comes in the door… sometimes that takes longer than we would like it to.”
Ted Boesen, the CEO of the Iowa Primary Care Association, a non-profit organization comprised of clinics like Kemp’s across the state, was equally cautious: “They're assuming we're the alternative...but we're waiting to see what kind of a scale it is.” Boesen said he can’t “buy in” until Republicans respond to his questions about the new state-run family-planning program. Kemp also characterized interactions with GOP lawmakers as “limited,” telling me, “If there had been more detailed discussions, we might be able to be more further along.”
That uncertainty is a key problem in the debate: Natoshia Askelson, an assistant professor in the College of Public Health at the University of Iowa, told me that providers are still in the dark about basic details on how program will be run, like what contraceptives will be provided or whether there will be enough providers for displaced patients. The new program is also supposed to be entirely state-funded, instead of relying mostly on federal funds, which the IFPN waiver currently does through a federal matching program.
Askelson is “very concerned” about that. “[Iowa is] not in a position right now where we can afford things the federal government would pick up the tab for otherwise.” She believes SF2 could very well be ruining a good thing.
***
Scrapping the IFPN waiver limits the choices of patients in two ways: First, it shortens the list of provider options. It tells patients they can no longer go to the local Planned Parenthood if they want their reproductive-health services to be covered. Boesen, the Iowa clinic spokesman, admitted that was one of his main concerns. “Those gals…for generations, that’s been a safe place for them to go,” he told me, “so everybody’s wondering how we can provide that.”
I asked state Senator Dennis Guth, a Republican representing Iowa’s 4th senate district and an SF2 proponent, if he sees that as a problem: If someone likes their doctor, shouldn’t they be able to keep her? Guth acknowledged that that might be an issue for some women, but in the end, his view was that visiting a general-health practice is more efficient.
“[You can] take care of your women’s-health needs and take care of your strep throat at the same time,” Guth told me. “It’s usually better to do both of those at once, anyway.”
Askelson said that idea indicates “a general lack of understanding around women’s health and contraceptives.” In an ideal world, a single provider would be able to address all of a woman’s health-care needs, but there’s a reason people go to—and prefer—Planned Parenthood. “We’re talking about, for the most part, women of child bearing age [who] don’t need to be going to the doctor a lot,” Askelson said. “We’re talking about women going to a health-care provider for sexual and reproductive health. When you take that away, your average family practice doctor is just going to prescribe birth-control pills.”
The second way this bill could limit choice is by reducing access to long-acting contraception. The way government funding for family-planning services works is that providers front the money for contraception and exams, and then submit a request to the government for reimbursement. Rebecca Kreitzer, an assistant professor of public policy at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, told me “It’s cheap to provide oral contraceptives and prophylactics,” but “it’s expensive to provide long-acting reversible contraceptives that we know to be the most effective.” That’s why IUDs and contraceptive implants (two kinds of long-acting reversible contraceptives) aren’t readily available at many general-health clinics, and staff isn’t always trained in inserting them. But Planned Parenthood is a big enough organization that they are able to front the money for those services, Krietzer said. And since their focus is on family-planning care, they usually have the staff and equipment on hand to provide those services quickly.
Calls to a few of the Iowa clinics listed as Planned Parenthood alternatives seemed to bear that out. Kemp’s Community Health Center in West Burlington doesn’t provide any form of contraception that has to be inserted, like implants or IUDs. The Keokuk clinic does, but their earliest opening for a contraception consultation—or a breast or pelvic exam—was in 11 days, while two nearby Planned Parenthood clinics both had same-day openings.
In Council Bluffs, the federally qualified All Care Health Center has one family-planning provider working only on Fridays. The local Planned Parenthood is open on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. The earliest appointment at Eastern Iowa Health Center in Cedar Rapids was two weeks away, and at Siouxland Community Health Center in Sioux City, a new patient wanting an IUD might have to wait about a month. Both the Cedar Rapids and Sioux City Planned Parenthoods had same-day appointments for all of those services.
Would the Republicans’ new state-run program provide enough funding to enable clinics to have implants and IUDs at the ready? To hire enough women’s-health specialists? To provide same-day appointments? Clinics don’t know. Even if they will be able to provide all of those services, Askelson worries it won’t matter. If women aren’t already going to a general-health clinic for care in Council Bluffs, for example, are they going to start now?
“It’s hard enough to get people to use contraceptives every time,” Askelson said. “Now you change providers from someone they trust … I don’t know whether [clinics] will be seeing a lot of people.”
***
The Iowa Family Planning Network waiver was set up in February 2006 as a way to extend health services to low-income women who otherwise wouldn’t receive Medicaid coverage. In May 2016, the University of Iowa Public Policy Center conducted an evaluation and concluded that more than 80,000 women had accessed family-planning services through IFPN in those 10 years. There was a $345 million reduction in Medicaid costs for deliveries and births, and a net Medicaid savings of $265 million.
The abortion rate declined 23 percent in Iowa between 2011 and 2014, according to the Guttmacher Institute, something public-health experts attribute to wider access to publicly funded family-planning services. If access to those services becomes more limited, Askelson predicts that unintended pregnancy rates could increase, and with it, the number of abortions.
In 2011, the Texas state legislature reduced funding for family planning from $111 million to $38 million as part of an effort to defund Planned Parenthood. After the cuts, 82 clinics closed—two-thirds of which were not Planned Parenthood clinics. In 2013, the state prevented abortion providers from participating in the state’s family-planning program—just like what Iowa is trying to do now. After the cuts, nearly half of the organization’s clinics closed, and many patients were left without access to long-acting contraceptives.
A study published in the New England Journal of Medicine in February concluded that excluding Planned Parenthood from Texas’s family-planning program resulted in about 36 percent fewer requests for IUDs and implants, and the number of women who were regularly receiving contraceptive injections declined in counties where they could no longer go to Planned Parenthood. For the women relying on injectable contraceptives, the rate of childbirth covered by Medicaid increased by about 27 percent.
The study closed with a warning that the team’s findings indicate “the likely consequences of proposals to exclude Planned Parenthood affiliates from public funding in other states or at the national level.”
But at the national level, the House Republicans’ failed bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act included a proposal to exclude Planned Parenthood from Medicaid reimbursements for one year. The much-awaited report from the Congressional Budget Office projected that a change like that would leave 15 percent of patients in low-income communities “without services that help women avert pregnancy.”
The CBO estimated that cutting Planned Parenthood would save $178 million under Medicaid, but that savings would be partially offset by “several thousand” more births—paid for under Medicaid.
***
Critics warn that excluding Planned Parenthood from state or federal funding—without ensuring that community-health clinics can serve as adequate alternatives in practicality—is a dangerous move. This is a “big deal for women,” Askelson said. “It concerns me that there’s a disregard for what the evidence says, that people aren’t crafting legislation based on data and evidence.”
It’s possible that Senate File 2 and similar legislation in Texas and other states, as well as the recent failed House Republican proposal, are all incremental moves leading to something much bigger.
One Iowa clinic representative told me he was concerned, above all, that SF2 would lead to the state barring Planned Parenthood from receiving Title X funds. That’s the federal-grant program enacted by President Richard Nixon in 1970 designed to help low-income Americans with family-planning coverage.  If that were to happen, he said he couldn’t fathom the impact it would have—and he didn’t think clinics would be able to pick up the slack.
Kreitzer suggests there is “not a small chance” that Americans might soon see proposals to cut or even abolish Title X. “It’s something that Republicans have floated around,” Kreitzer said. “And if that were to happen, that would affect millions of women.”
The continuing resolution to fund the federal government is set to expire on April 28, and the House Freedom Caucus, a congressional faction of strict fiscal conservatives, is expected to make defunding Planned Parenthood a non-negotiable condition in passing the bill.
In recent decades, contraception has “become intertwined ideologically with abortion,” Kreitzer said. “In this intermingling of contraception and abortion, women’s health care is really taking a hit.”



ARTICLE
Updated on March 27 at 9:57 a.m.
When Kris Steele joined the Oklahoma house of representatives in 2001, he noticed that whenever a matter of criminal justice came up, legislators felt it was necessary to appear “tough on crime.” As a result, the state kept enacting harsher sentences and making more crimes punishable by jail.
In 2016, after leaving government, he spearheaded two ballot measures to reverse that trend. Both passed. But 2017 has seen legislators in states around the countries moving to try to reverse ballot initiatives passed by voters in Novembers election, seeking to roll back minimum-wage increases, tax increases, and other matters. In other cases, legislators are seeking to make it harder to place such initiatives on the ballot in the first place. And so despite his victory at the polls, the fate of Steele’s two measures remains uncertain.
Steele is a self-described conservative Republican, but the longer he sat in the legislature, the more he questioned the logic of ever-more-aggressive laws. He noticed that even though the sentences got tougher and tougher, and incarceration rates in the Sooner State rose and rose, sitting at No. 2 in the nation, and jails got more and more overcrowded, the state wasn’t seeing markedly lower crime rates or safer neighborhoods. (Oklahoma was unusual in making simple drug and property offenses felonies punishable by jail time.) The taxpayer tab for imprisoning so many people kept growing, and ex-cons struggled to find gainful employment because of their records.
“I began to say, wait a minute, I’m not going to be part of this sort of paradigm that is based on shallow and often hollow rhetoric,” Steele recalls. “A lot of elected officials measure their political worth or value based on those kinds of policy decisions. The body tends to make decision in relation to corrections policy based on emotion, fear, and anecdote, rather than on data, research, and facts. When you base your policies on emotion and anecdotes and fear, you tend to have policies that may not produce the best outcomes.”
Meanwhile, Steele rose, eventually becoming speaker of the Oklahoma House. He helped shepherd through some laws intended to reform the system, but the legislature never funded them—in part, he thinks because of the “tough on crime” imperative. In 2013, Steele ran into term limits and left the legislature, but he remained interested in reform in his new job as executive director of a nonprofit called TEEM.
“We did some initial polling and we realized that there was a pretty significant disconnect between the people and our elected officials when it comes to corrections policy, and primarily when it comes to a desire to address issues of addiction and mental illness with treatment rather than with punishment,” Steele said. “The best way we felt to ultimately change the path that we have been on forever was to bypass the political gridlock.”
He set about assembling a coalition that ran from leftist groups that saw criminal-justice reform as a matter of social justice to religious ones that saw it as a vocation to conservative ones that saw it as simple fiscal common sense. They placed two measures on the ballot in 2016, one reclassifying some drug and property crimes as misdemeanors, and the second directing the savings from de-incarceration to rehabilitation programs. Voters approved, passing both by comfortable margins.
That might have been the end of the story. But some legislators had other ideas. When the legislative session began in Oklahoma City in February, several legislators introduced bills that would roll back the reforms.
“Am I surprised to see this kind of pushback? Unfortunately, no. Am I disheartened? Yes,” Steele told me. “I would hope that our elected officials would focus on protecting and implementing the will of the people rather than trying to undo or usurp the will of the voters.”
He blamed an ongoing perception gap between legislators who still feel the need to appear tough on crime, despite the November results. Still, Steele was unsparing in his verdict.
“It’s indefensible,” he said.
* * *
“This isn’t how democracy works,” said Justine Sarver, executive director of the Ballot Initiative Strategy Center, a nonprofit that works with progressive ballot campaigns. “You don’t get to pick and choose when you like a process and when you don’t.”
Sarver sees a trend of legislatures trying to restrict voters’ ability to make laws and amend state constitutions around the country. The popularity of initiatives has ebbed and flowed across the years, and the roles of defender and critic have been fluid. But there are a few factors that make the present moment especially ripe for such conflicts. First, Republicans dominate state legislatures around the country, thanks to favorable redistricting maps drawn after the 2010 Census, even in states with sizable Democratic-leaning voter bases that want more progressive policies. Second, while ballots sometimes function to deal with purely state-level concerns, policy fights are increasingly nationalized. Groups like BISC and the Fairness Project are working to coordinate state-level pushes around the country on liberal reforms like paid sick leave, minimum-wage hikes, or recreational marijuana. Their opponents are working at the national level too. In November, ProPublica and The New York Times reported on how major corporate lobbies, some convened under the auspices of the Koch brothers’ political network, have sought to push back on ballot measures.
The first battle of the year came in January, when South Dakota repealed a set of ethics reforms passed by voters, including limits of giving to campaign by lobbyists and the creation of an independent ethics commission. But there are several contentious issues still on the table.
In November, Mainers passed several contentious ballot measures. On one, they voted to legalize recreational marijuana for people older than 21. A second question asked voters to increase taxes on households making more than $200,000 annually to fund public education. Each of these passed by narrow margins. A third question sought to raise the minimum wage to $12 per hour by 2020, including specific language to raise the minimum wage for workers who receive tips, like waiters. That passed by an 11 percent margin.
Since then, lawmakers have taken up measures that would reverse or dampen ballot measures that passed in November. A law passed in January pushes back the timeline for some parts of marijuana legalization. Meanwhile, legislators are considering bills that would roll back part or all of the wage hikes. They’re cheered on by Governor Paul LePage, the Republican best known for racist claims and threats against lawmakers.
“The legislature doesn’t even have to enact it,” LePage said of the minimum-wage increase in December. “This is a recommendation to the legislature of what the people are feeling. You know, if you read the constitution, legislature can just ignore it, or they can modify, they can work with it.”
Unusually for LePage, this statement turns out to be basically true. An initiative that voters pass must be enacted, but the legislature can easily just pass another law that effectively erases it. It’s not hard to see why some opponents of these laws would oppose them; the Maine Restaurant Association, for example, has led the charge against the wage-increase for tipped workers, since it would force members to pay employees more.
Representative Stacy Guerin, a Republican from Glenburn, is sponsoring a bill that would reverse the higher minimum wage for tipped workers. Several Democrats have joined to co-sponsor the bill. Guerin’s family owns a restaurant-supply store, and she said she’s heard workers are actually making less now.
“We are already hearing reports of declining tips,” she said. “Servers are overhearing people saying, ‘Oh, they’re making minimum wage, you don’t have to tip them anymore.’ Nobody wants to make minimum wage,” but before the law, Guerin said, servers could make good money off tips.
Servers didn’t rally against the law ahead of the election, Guerin said, because they didn’t understand what the law would do, based on the short text on the ballot.
“Working people are busy and they don’t have the time to investigate the backstory on these ballot initiatives that have been forced on Maine by an out-of-state lobby,” she said.
Guerin, like lawmakers around the country who challenge ballot measures, can claim political support for what she is doing, but the clearest gauge of voter sentiment is the election in November. Moving to reverse that is, depending on one’s view, either an act of political suicide or an act of selfless leadership.
“I think it does take some political courage, but I absolutely believe it is the right thing to do for Maine servers,” Guerin said. “I believe this referendum was brought by out-of-staters that did not really have the values of Maine … I think they played Maine, and not for the good of workers. I am working for the good of Maine.”
The backers of the ballot measures see this not as principled leadership, but blatant disregard for popular will.
“It really does call into question the whole direct democracy if the legislature doesn’t implement them as the voters intended,” said John Kozinski, who works in government relations at the Maine Education Association and helped run the campaign to increase taxes for school funding.
Guerin’s concern that ordinary citizens weren’t really able to disentangle what the November initiative did is a common critique of popular referenda. Critics say voters are not always well-prepared to adjudicate difficult issues, and may make decisions that, however well-intentioned, turn out poorly.
“Sometimes an idea on the face of it seems like a brilliant idea, when in fact most of us don’t have a professional staff at our disposal,” said Jennie Bowser, a freelance writer who was a longtime observer of ballot initiatives for the National Council of State Legislatures. “Most of us don’t have a bird’s eye view of the budget. How our idea might mesh with the related policies around it. Sometimes initiatives are just not as fully thought through as they should be.”
That doesn’t sit well with advocates of direct democracy. “I find that deeply patronizing and paternalistic,” said Jonathan Schleifer, executive director of the Fairness Project, which coordinated state-level ballot initiatives to raise the minimum wage in November, and is now pushing back against attempts to roll back the increases via courts and legislation. “I would argue that having worked on Capitol Hill that most legislators aren’t qualified to make these decision. If you can trust someone to chose who to vote for, then why aren’t they qualified to decide the particular issues that decide their lives?”
* * *
The quality of state legislatures around the country is, to understate things, mixed, and offering citizens the right to weigh in on key issues has a straightforward appeal. Yet the foundation of American governance is representative democracy, not direct democracy. Critics can find plenty of ballot measures that have had unintended consequences.
Some popularly supported measures end up being quickly struck down by courts as unconstitutional. Others don’t age well, like the spate of state bans on same-sex marriage passed in the mid-2000s, and later overturned by the U.S. Supreme Court; critics have argued for decades that civil rights cannot and must not be left to the whims of a voting majority.
The effects of a ballot measure are not always so immediately clear, or straightforwardly reversed. In California, the ballot is often cluttered with initiatives—17 of them in November 2016 alone—which has raised the familiar question of whether voters can possibly be expected to know the ins and outs of so many proposals. But set aside the process: What about the outcomes? The profusion of initiatives in California has handcuffed the state government, led to credit downgrades, and made the state by some measures “ungovernable.” (The Golden State’s credit rating has rebounded somewhat since its 2011 nadir.)
Colorado voters in 1992 amended the state constitution with a “Taxpayers Bill of Rights” (TABOR) that bars the state and local governments from raising taxes without voter approval and capped the amount the state could spend. The result was that even as the state’s economy boomed, spending on things like schools and infrastructure maintenance tumbled. Since TABOR was enacted, the state has moved to the left, and in 2005, frustrated voters approved a five-year suspension of some of TABOR’s caps. But despite the criticisms, TABOR remains in place.
Colorado’s situation is an extreme example, because TABOR is a constitutional amendment, which makes it especially difficult to reverse if voters have a change of heart. There are 24 states that give voters the right to put legislative issues to the ballot, but only 18 allow voters to pass constitutional changes.
The roots of the ballot-initiative process stretch back to the Progressive Era, when reformers sought a workaround to legislatures that were dominated by huge corporate interests. And advocates insist that despite their flaws, there remain cases where ballot initiatives are an essential tool.
“I’ve almost always lived in initiative states, and I have an absolute love-hate relationship with the process,” Bowser said. “It drives me crazy sometimes, but I wouldn’t want to live in a state that didn’t do it. There are some things the legislature just doesn’t want to do.”
It’s very hard to get legislators to pass measures, for example, that limit their own fundraising. In other cases, gerrymandered districts produce state legislatures that are to the left or—more likely in the current era of Republican dominance in state government—right of a state’s electorate. Such is the case in Washington state and Arizona, where voters passed minimum-wage increases by significant margins. In Washington, a GOP-led coalition controls the state senate and had shown no interest in passing an increase, but voters approved a hike to $13.50 per hour by 2020 and paid sick leave by a 15-point margin.
Unlike Washington, which is essentially a Democratic state despite a sizable Republican voter base, Arizona is a red state. Yet voters there approved a minimum-wage hike, to $12 by 2020, as well as paid sick leave and a cost-of-living adjustment, by an even wider margin than Washingtonians in November—nearly 17 points.
As in Maine, organizations representing businesses affected by the law were eager to stop it. But rather than fight the measure, which looked like a surefire winner at the polls, they tried to stop it after the fact in the courts, arguing that the proposition passed in November was unconstitutional because it would cost the state government money. The Arizona Supreme Court unanimously rejected the suit in a March 14 decision.
The battle over the wage increase may be settled—at least for now—but some legislators want to change the process to make it harder to place initiatives on the ballot and easier for the legislature to reverse voters’ decisions. This is a somewhat touchy subject in the Grand Canyon State. Ballot initiatives have been enshrined in Arizona’s constitution since statehood in 1912, and in 1998, voters passed a new constitutional amendment specifically designed to prevent legislative tampering with ballot measures passed by citizens.
There are five measures under consideration now; all of them have passed the state house and gone on to the state senate. Three of them would alter the 1998 “Voter Protection Act.” One would repeal the act altogether. The second would say that if voters overturned a law passed by the legislature, lawmakers could simply pass the law again, which is currently prohibited. Since they alter an existing constitutional amendment, both of these measures would have to be approved by voters in a ballot initiative to become law.
Another bill would require that the initiative language and any related pamphlets state that if passed, a proposition would be subject to the Voter Protection Act and difficult to overturn. The governor could sign this into law.
Other proposals would make it harder to get initiatives onto the ballot. One would change the formula for the number of signatures required for placement. Current law sets a minimum based on the total voter population, but the bill would set minimums in each legislative district. This would require voter approval, but another, which would prevent campaigners from paying workers to gather signatures, could become law with the governor’s signature.
Representative Michelle Ugenti-Rita, a Scottsdale Republican, is behind the first three proposals. She told me that while Proposition 206, the minimum-wage increase, is the hot issue at the moment, she has been trying to reform the process for years.
“This is not taking away the initiative process,” she said. “Half the states don’t have this process. They don’t even give this as an option. We are different in that regard, and we’re proud of that. That’s been something that’s been important to us.”
But Ugenti-Rita thinks that the Voter Protection Act takes an important safety valve and expands it into a massive breach. The 1998 amendment was passed in response to what she concedes was legislative overreach in reaction to a medical-marijuana initiative passed by voters, but said the unintended consequences have become a problem—as with initiatives overall.
“It’s been very difficult to manage our state priorities, budget priorities, when a decent amount of our statutes and our budget are voter-protected, or how I like to call it, legislatively restricted,” she said. “I don’t think that provides for good public policy, and [it] really hurts the voter.”
She said she just wants to bring Arizona’s ballot-initiative process closer more in line with those in most other states, which give legislators a little more leeway.
In Oklahoma, however, voters might be wishing they had some measure of voter protection.The state house passed a bill gutting the voter-approved criminal-justice reform in mid-March, and it’s been sent to the senate. Representative Scott Biggs, the bill’s sponsor, did not respond to a request for comment. (A separate tough-on-crime senate bill was withdrawn in February, and its sponsor has now been forced to resign after being charged with child prostitution.)
Steele said he was cautiously optimistic that the reforms would survive, and said he was sure that if they did, they’d soon come to feel like the new normal. They would also stand as a symbol of unity in a fractious age.
“I love the issue because it does transcend partisan politics,” Steele said. “It seems to be an issue that unites and gives us a chance to remember who we are at our best. When we work together we can solve problems.”
That may be true, but the debates in Oklahoma, Maine, and Arizona are a reminder that Democrat vs. Republican is not the only battle line in politics. Sometimes it’s voters vs. legislators.



ARTICLE
Manik Suri is the archetypical overachiever from an Indian American family. The 34-year-old runs a start-up in Silicon Valley. He speaks four languages. He’s got two Ivy League degrees.
And yet, when the windows at an Indian restaurant near his house were shot out in late February, along with those of an Eritrean place nearby, he felt shaken. “We catered my wife’s sister’s wedding in that restaurant,” he said. “The whole conception of the Indian community as a model minority—we benefitted from that perception.” This is “the first time I’ve ever felt, ‘Wow, it doesn’t matter.’”
Many Indian Americans seem to be going through a period of disorientation during these first few months of the Trump administration. As more than one percent of the U.S. population, Indians are one of the country’s largest immigrant groups, and they’re also one of the most distinctive: They tend to be wealthier, more highly educated, and more geographically dispersed than other immigrants. While they do face discrimination, they’re often referred to as a “model minority,” as Suri noted: Middle- and upper-class Indians are more willing and able to assimilate to America’s majority culture because of their educational and economic status. The quickly growing minority has not always been that politically engaged, and their political identity isn’t necessarily connected to their ethnic or religious background: Mobilization around Indian or Hindu American identity is relatively rare compared to other minority groups, according to Sangay Mishra, a visiting assistant professor of political science at Drew University.
Especially with the recent violent attacks against a Sikh man in Washington, an Indian immigrant in South Carolina, and two Indian engineers in Kansas, Indian Americans have found themselves jolted out of this comfortable liminal space. For years, many middle- and upper-middle-class Indian Americans have largely escaped the kind of marginalization that other brown-skinned immigrants and religious minorities have faced.
Muslim Indian Americans were often targeted as the subjects of hate crimes because of their religious identity after 9/11, as were Sikhs, who are sometimes mistaken as Muslims. Hindus are also likely to be caught in cases of “mistaken identity.”* To take one example, the shooter in the recent Kansas attack apparently thought his two Indian American victims were Iranian. Now, Indian Americans’ sense of security is being shaken, which may give rise to a new political identity.
Despite the election-season hype about the Republican Hindu Coalition, which famously hosted a Bollywood-style Trump rally in October, only a small minority of Indian Americans voted for the president. New data from the National Asian American Survey shows that roughly 16 percent of this group chose Trump in November—the same share that voted for Romney in 2012. Among Hindus, 17 percent went for Trump—lower than other religious minority groups, including Jews and the unaffiliated. Indian Americans have been the most Democratic-leaning of any Asian American group, said Karthick Ramakrishnan, a professor in political science at the University of California, Riverside, who oversees the survey. “Discrimination plays a significant role in [their] political understanding.”
“There is definitely a greater sense of urgency. There is a greater sense of fear.”
In the same survey, roughly one-fifth of Indian Americans said they had been not hired for a job or denied a promotion for unfair reasons, or had been treated more poorly than others in a restaurant or store. Compared to answers from a similar survey in 2008, these results represented an uptick in perceptions of workplace discrimination. They were also gathered in December, right after the election. Especially following the shooting in Kansas last month, it’s likely that perceptions of other kinds of discrimination—including threats to personal safety—would be even higher. “For a few days, that was the leading news in television and newspapers and social media,” said Mishra. “There is definitely a greater sense of urgency. There is a greater sense of fear.”
Ro Khanna, a second-generation Indian American Congressman, said he’s gotten a few hundred calls, emails, and social-media messages from worried constituents—his Silicon Valley area is the only Asian American-majority district in the continental U.S., according to Mishra, and is home to many Indian immigrants. Like his constituents, Khanna said he feels a sense of urgency about discrimination toward ethnic minorities.
But Indian Americans’ worries about discrimination may also look different than those of other groups because of their distinctive identity. A majority of Indians currently living in the U.S. arrived after 2000, and they’re more likely than other immigrant group to have arrived recently. H1-B visas, which are given to foreigners in “specialty occupations” like tech, are also awarded to Indians more frequently than any other group. In early March, the Trump administration suspended expedited processing of these visas, inspiring angst from Silicon Valley to India itself, where families often receive cash from their immigrant relatives in the United States.
Because of their high levels of education and professional status, Indian Americans have often been able to assimilate into their broader communities. Khanna’s family offers a perfect example: When they moved into his childhood neighborhood in Pennsylvania in the 1980s, he said, his family faced some suspicion from neighbors. “The concern was: ‘What’s going to happen to the Christmas candles out on the streets?’” he said. “So my parents put out the Christmas candles, enthusiastically, and we had some of the best Christmas lights on the street.” This wasn’t a way of giving in: “That was in no way seen as not being proud of being Hindu,” he said. But “there was a respect for the kind of cultural traditions of the street and the country.”
Of course, blending in with America’s majority culture has always been more of an option for Indian Americans who are wealthy and educated. “For every engineer, doctor, and software professional in the community who most likely joins the middle or upper class, there are domestic workers, gas-station attendants, taxi drivers, and construction workers who negotiate the social and economic realities of the United States very differently,” wrote Mishra in his recent book, Desis Divided. Upper-class Indian Americans may not identify significantly with marginalized groups: As Suri put it, “connection to other Americans who have brown skin color … [has] not meant a lot to me personally.” Poorer Indians, on the other hand, are much more likely to identify across lines of religion and national origin, Mishra argues. For example: The California organization South Asian Histories for All explicitly identifies as interfaith and “inter-caste,” and South Asian Americans Leading Together, or SAALT, advocates on behalf of people who are poor or immigrants.
“It took a kind of boldness post 9/11 to be vocal. Now, I think you’re seeing everyday people getting more involved.”
Religious differences also make the Indian American experience distinctive. While there’s a lot of religious diversity among the group, which includes Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Jains, and Parsis, most Indian Americans come from a Hindu background.
“There is one kind of approach within the Hindu American community which thinks that foregrounding Hindu identity or seeing themselves primarily as Hindu is the way to go” in the face of discrimination, said Mishra. “But there is an equally strong approach in the community that feels that they would not be safe.” That’s especially true now: Hindus increasingly “feel that they are also being targeted or seen as ‘the other,’ in many cases, as Muslims,” he said.
The Indian American community has a complicated relationship with Islam. The controlling political party in India, the BJP, promotes a strong national identity rooted in Hinduism and at times draws on anti-Muslim rhetoric. The party resonates with many Indians in America: Sunayana Dumala—the widow of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, the man who died in Kansas—posted a Facebook memorial for her husband praising India’s prime minister and the BJP’s leader, Narendra Modi.
Yet, Indian Americans have been widely unsympathetic toward Trump’s proposed immigration policies that would disproportionately affect Muslims. In a spring 2016 survey directed by Ramakrishnan, Indians were more likely than any other Asian group to say they wouldn’t vote for a political candidate with strongly anti-Muslim views. This hasn’t always translated into political action: Unlike Indian Sikhs, who have championed anti-discrimination campaigns in solidarity with Muslims, Hindus have not carved out a widespread activist identity as a group. Among some Indians, protesting and activism may also seem culturally alien: The head of a prominent university in India once told students they “should not get into politics,” an attitude that may be shared by some in the United States.
As Indian Americans experience increasing anxiety, this sense of political disengagement may shift. Their fear is certainly political: “It’s a hair-trigger thing” when violent attacks like the Olathe shootings happen in the U.S. now, said Devesh Kapur, the director of the Center for the Advanced Study of India at the University of Pennsylvania. “However heinous it is, every society has a suicide rate and a murder rate. The fact that this happened when Trump came in … poisoned the atmosphere.”
Now, said Ramakrishnan, Indian Americans of all backgrounds seem to be going through a political awakening. “It took a kind of boldness post 9/11 to be vocal,” he said. “Now, I think you’re seeing everyday people getting more involved.”
* This article has been updated to clarify that Sikhs are also subject to violence because of “mistaken identity.”



ARTICLE
American politics is deep into the theater of the absurd—but unfortunately, it is a deadly absurdity, like being in a horror funhouse where the creatures leaping out at you have real knives and chainsaws. Americans now have to face at least the possibility, a tangible one, that the election itself was subverted by a hostile foreign power in league with the winning presidential campaign, with implications all the way down the ballot.
What to do if that proves to be the case? It is a question I have been asked a lot; my stock answer begins with, “The Constitution does not have a do-over clause.” But I am now rethinking the response: Maybe it needs a do-over clause. And it does not have to require a constitutional amendment.
From the day after the 9/11 catastrophe, I threw myself into creating a set of safety nets for the constitutional system, ensuring that the United States would have a rapid, orderly, and legitimate set of ways to ensure the continuity of government in the event of a terror attack that could decapitate one or more of its three branches. It started with Congress, and the need to have emergency interim appointments if an attack dropped either or both of its houses below the constitutionally mandated quorum of half the membership to do any business, until reasonable, deliberative elections could be held to fill vacancies.
But the Continuity of Government Commission that Tom Mann and I worked to create also focused on presidential succession. Unlike Congress, this did not require a constitutional amendment, but could be done legislatively. It was clear to us that there were real problems in the Presidential Succession Act of 1947. It was enacted at the urging of President Harry Truman, when, in the dangerous environment just after the war, he traveled with his Secretary of State Edward Stettinius, then next in line for the presidency, to Potsdam and realized the system’s vulnerability.
Here is what the Constitution says about presidential succession:

The Congress may by law provide for the case of removal, death, resignation or inability, both of the President and Vice President, declaring what officer shall then act as President, and such officer shall act accordingly, until the disability be removed, or a President shall be elected.

Congress accepted Truman’s recommendation to return the leaders in Congress to the line after the Vice President, starting with the speaker of the House and then the president pro tem of the Senate (an earlier succession plan from 1792 had included first the Senate leader followed by the speaker; when revised in 1886, congressional leaders were dropped.) They were then followed by Cabinet members in order of the creation of their offices.
The 1947 Act was flawed in many respects, starting with the dubious constitutionality of having congressional leaders in the line of succession (they are not “Officers” of the United States, as the Constitution requires) not to mention their inherent conflicts, including their role in impeachment of the president. But it was also the case that everyone in the line resided in Washington, creating a vulnerability in the modern age of small but potent nuclear and other weapons that Truman and his allies could not have foreseen. At the same time, having all Cabinet members in the line—many of whom were not chosen because of their breadth of policy expertise or qualifications to step in as commander in chief—was not wise.
So the Commission recommended streamlining the line of succession, dropping lower-level Cabinet members, and adding a new category of people deputized as Officers, chosen by the president to be confirmed in the posts by the Senate, representing geographical breadth and presumably policy and even political depth.
Unfortunately, that reasoned and reasonable suggestion went nowhere (along with all the other recommendations of our Continuity of Government Commission; once the immediate threat faded, Congress had no interest in looking ahead and building in some insurance for the future.) That is more than unfortunate; it is potentially tragic, since the threat is even greater now. Those issues can and should be revisited. But in particular it is now time to revive the dormant interest in, and importance of, presidential succession to take the new nightmare into account.
Here is the big problem. What if the election was effectively stolen? Under the current presidential succession structure, if Donald Trump were impeached and removed from office, Mike Pence would replace him. But if the election had been stolen, Pence’s place as president would be no more legitimate than that of Trump. After Pence—Paul Ryan, the speaker, followed by Orrin Hatch, the president pro tem, followed by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. If voters’ collective desires were subverted by foreign interference and a party’s collusion, none would have a legitimate claim—especially since the control of the Senate, at least, would have been affected by the Russian role.
The Constitution leaves a lot of leeway for Congress. So it is time to consider a new law, one that cleans up the issues and discrepancies in the existing succession act but does more. It should allow for a special election for president and vice president under extraordinary circumstances. Those could include a terrorist attack or an attack by a foreign power or others on Election Day or on the election system or process that destroys or distorts the results. It can also include foreign interference in the election combined with a winning party’s involvement in or reinforcement of the interference. Such a provision would have to be carefully drawn and set a high bar, to avoid any chicanery to call an election for the wrong reasons. It would probably have to require a two-thirds vote in both houses of Congress.
Of course, realistically, no do-over option will or could happen to deal with the current ungodly mess. It may well be that the Trump campaign’s role has been exaggerated by its critics; there is not yet any public evidence of collusion. But if the worst case proves to be true, America will have to live with the consequences, including the dark cloud of illegitimacy that would hang over all actions taken by an administration that won with the aid of foreign interference. The evidence that is already public makes it clear that malign foreign forces have tried, and will try again to influence, distort and even swing American elections. That’s why Americans need to begin serious work and debate toward crafting a reasonable option so that this Friday the 13th doesn’t turn into a series, and so that Americans finally give themselves some protection against the kind of nightmares that modern cyberwarfare and terrorism can allow.



ARTICLE
President Trump’s initial budget proposal would end aid for poor families to pay their heating bills, defund after-school programs at public schools, and make fewer grants available to college students. Community block grants that provide disaster relief, aid neighborhoods affected by foreclosure, and help rural communities access water, sewer systems, and safe housing would be eliminated. Mick Mulvaney, the director of the White House Office of Management and Budget, suggested recently that even small amounts of federal funding for programs like Meals on Wheels, which delivers food to house-bound seniors, may not be justified.
With billions of dollars worth of cuts to federal social services likely ahead, the wars of religion have begun. Bible verses about poverty have suddenly become popular on Twitter, with Republicans and Democrats each claiming to better know how Jesus would think about entitlement spending. While conservatives tend to bring religion into public-policy conversations more than liberals, the valence is often switched when it comes to the budget: Liberals eagerly quote the Sermon on the Mount in support of government spending, while conservatives bristle at the suggestion that good Christians would never want cuts.
But it’s more than posturing. If government steps back, religious organizations may need to step up. Much of the infrastructure and money involved in the charitable provision of social services is associated with religion, whether it’s a synagogue’s homeless-sheltering program or a large aid organization such as Catholic Relief Services. People like the Cato Institute’s Michael Tanner believe these private services could potentially be expanded even further. While some government programs should be scrapped altogether, he argued, “other programs may well be replaceable by private charity—either dollar-for-dollar, or more likely, they can be done more effectively and efficiently.”
I spoke with roughly a half dozen scholars from a variety of ideological backgrounds who study religious giving, and they were all skeptical that churches, synagogues, mosques, and other faith-based organizations could serve as an adequate substitute for the government in providing for the needy and vulnerable. The scale and structure of government services, the sectarian nature of religious programs, and the declining role of religion in public life are all challenges, they argued; if anything, states would have to step in to take on the burden, or some current services would go away entirely. The budget debate may seem like a wonky back-and-forth about economic forecasts. But it probes long-standing questions about how society should provide for people’s needs. As David Campbell, a political-science professor at the University of Notre Dame, put it, “No religion is on the sidelines when it comes to caring for the poor.”
People’s views on budget questions are often determined by their political beliefs, said Campbell. Whether they’re Republicans or Democrats, “religious people across the spectrum would agree the poor need to be helped.” The question is who should do the helping, and how much government should be involved.
In their private lives, religious Americans are extremely generous. According to the Lake Institute on Faith and Giving at Indiana University, donations to congregations, denominations, mission board, and TV and radio ministries account for roughly one-third of all annual giving in the U.S. The impact of this money is difficult to calculate, but it’s large: In 2001, the University of Pennsylvania professor Ram Cnaan tried to tally the financial value of all congregational social services in Philadelphia, estimating that it added up to roughly $247 million. When all social-service organizations with a religious mission are taken into account, the value of those services in many communities would likely be much higher.
“Religious congregations do a lot … the scale of what they do is trivial compared to what the government does.”
These services aren’t exactly private, however. According to Oklahoma Representative Steve Russell, who testified on religious-freedom issues before Congress last spring, more than 2,000 federal contracts are awarded to religious organizations each year. If programs like the Department of Housing and Urban Development’s Community Development Block Grants are cut, as Trump has proposed, many religious organizations would lose major parts of their operating budgets. This kind of federal-spending cut can have tangible consequences: World Relief, an evangelical organization that works with the federal government on refugee resettlement, cut 140 staffers and closed five offices earlier this year when the Trump administration announced a sharp decrease in the number of refugees that will be accepted into the United States.
A lot of religious giving also doesn’t go toward helping the needy. “The vast majority of religious congregation budget [money] is spent on in-house expenses: clergy, building, materials,” said Christian Smith, a sociology professor at the University of Notre Dame. “Some congregations have more outreach ministry and social services than others. But in almost all cases, it ends up being a small part of the budget, just because it costs so much to run a congregation.”
Using a national survey of religious congregations in the U.S., the Duke Divinity School professor Mark Chaves found that 83 percent of congregations have some sort of program to help needy people in their communities. Most often, these efforts provide clothing, food, and temporary shelter, rather than intensive, long-term programs on substance abuse, post-prison rehabilitation, or immigrant resettlement. The median amount congregations spent on social-service programs was $1,500. “Religious congregations do a lot,” said Mary Jo Bane, a professor at Harvard University. But “the scale of what they do is trivial compared to what the government does. Especially if you think about the big government programs like … food stamps and school lunches, or health services through Medicaid, what religious organizations do is teeny tiny.”
If large-scale cuts to domestic social services do make it through the long budget-negotiation process, “there’s an argument to be made [that] … churches, synagogues, etc., might step up,” said Lisa Keister, a professor of sociology at Duke University. Keister has argued that religious engagement is closely associated with financial generosity—in a recent paper, for example, she found that those who attend religious services every week give nearly three times as much as those who don’t.
“Mainline Protestants wouldn’t know how to ‘share the gospel’ if their life depended on it.”
People of all religious backgrounds are generous, but the style of giving differs by faith and denomination. For example: “Jewish families … tend to be wildly generous,” said Keister. Many conservative Christians tithe 10 percent or more of their income, she said, often giving to their churches, which leaves them with less accumulated wealth. Mormons provide a complex array of social services to people in need, but mostly focus on their own members, said Smith. And Catholics and mainline Protestants are less likely to proselytize while helping others: “Mainline Protestants wouldn’t know how to ‘share the gospel’ if their life depended on it,” he said. “They’re just going to help people, and in their mind, they’re doing it in Jesus’s name.”
For some groups, though, proselytizing may be part and parcel of how they reach out to the needy. Liberals often cite this as a reason why the government should provide social services: In the absence of federal funding, people seeking things like education and housing may be left without a non-sectarian alternative. Tanner waved this concern away, though. “If someone has to listen to preaching to get free food—is it less than optimal? Sure,” he said. “But it’s probably not the thing I’m most worried about.”
Americans’ declining level of religious involvement may also cripple institutions’ ability to provide wide-scale services to vulnerable populations. “While I would be hesitant to say that highly secular people are callous, it is the case that religious people, in general, do give more to charitable causes,” said Campbell, and “they are much more likely to give time than money.”
Campbell divided “secular people” into two categories: Those who are “actively secular,” meaning they’ve embraced a secular worldview that involves high levels of political and civic engagement, and the “quintessential nones,” or people who are detached from a wide range of civic, social, and religious institutions. Across demographic groups, and especially among Millennials, that latter group of Americans has been getting bigger. Right now, the government requires them to contribute tax dollars to education, hunger-prevention programs, homelessness services, and more. But, Campbell hypothesized, it’s unlikely that they’d channel that money through private institutions, religious or otherwise, in a world where Trump’s proposed cuts are in place.
“We do have a responsibility to help the poor and those in need. That means taking care of them yourself.”
At some level, this is what the debate over federal spending is all about: What should American communities look like, and how directly should they be responsible for providing for the poor and needy? “It’s an open question whether the rise of the ‘nones’ … will significantly affect religious institutions’ ability to be that hub for social engagement,” said David King, the director of Indiana’s Lake Institute, suggesting that they may grow more involved over time. “I still hold out hope that that’s actually quite possible.” Especially among Millennials, he said, he has seen evidence that Americans are more willing to get involved in their community through “common work,” or direct action on the issues they care about, rather than volunteering with or donating to institutions. As traditional charitable institutions decline, he said, this kind of communal engagement may expand.
For his part, Tanner imagines a world where government no longer crowds out private giving, as he claims it does now. “What’s translated as ‘charity’ in the Bible is ‘agape,’ which literally means love,” he said. “We do have a responsibility to help the poor and those in need. That means taking care of them yourself—giving money yourself, giving your time, your efforts, not someone else’s.”
There is a long road ahead for Trump’s budget. Dismantling the welfare state as thoroughly as he has proposed would be a radical overhaul of the American system. It would shift not just government, but the way organizations that partner with it—including a lot of religious groups—provide services to the poor and vulnerable.



ARTICLE
At least for the moment, the American Health Care Act is dead.
After two weeks of last-minute changes, Congressional Budget Office estimates, and an escalating tripartite skirmish between two wings of the Republican Party and the Trump White House, House Speaker Paul Ryan announced late Friday afternoon that a floor vote on the GOP’s Obamacare replacement would be canceled and the legislation pulled. Facing a 17 percent national approval rating for the bill and loss of support from both the conservative Freedom Caucus and moderate Republicans, Trump and congressional lawmakers appear willing to walk away from health care for the moment. It’s a reprieve, at the very least, for Obamacare.
The Affordable Care Act’s supporters are celebrating, and it’s not hard to see why. The strategy of forcing Republicans to choose between keeping their repeal promises and keeping the most popular parts of the law looks like Sun Tzu wrote it at this point. For now, the projected consequences of the AHCA won’t come to pass: 24 million people won’t lose insurance coverage, premiums won’t quintuple for low-income near-elderly people, and Medicaid funding for states won’t be cut over the next decade. But even if the current congressional battle over repeal-and-replace is over—or temporarily postponed—Republicans still have plenty of tools at their disposal to dismantle key pieces of Obamacare.
The GOP backup plan, according to President Trump, has always been to “let [Obamacare] be a disaster,” and blame Democrats for its failings while moving on to other elements of the Republican policy agenda. Ryan seemed to agree on Friday, although not in as cynical terms, saying during a press conference that “the worst is yet to come with Obamacare.” He warned of its imminent collapse via a “death spiral.” There is, as of yet, no evidence that such a death spiral exists.
But a combination of deliberate legislating and purposeful neglect on the part of Republicans might change that. Even now, several administrative departments and agencies, including the Department of Health and Human Services and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, are operating under a day-one executive order from Trump directing them to “minimize the unwarranted economic and regulatory burdens of the [Affordable Care] Act.” That order doesn’t need any congressional action to give officials wide latitude to reduce the number of people covered under the ACA and weaken the web of policies that hold the law together.
While Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and CMS Administrator Seema Verma still can’t step out of their regulatory and administrative roles as defined under the ACA, their roles are very broad. They can make decisions that achieve Trump’s goal of reducing spending and government involvement in health care. HHS and CMS can execute several possible policies that can slough low-income people from insurance coverage and weaken Obamacare overall. For one, the administration is pretty free to exempt large groups of people from the individual mandate via “hardship exemptions.” Or it could allow more insurers to provide coverage plans in the exchanges that don’t meet federal standards—essentially permitting some relaxation of the very “essential health benefits” provisions that tripped up the AHCA. Relaxing the individual mandate and the value of insurance that exchanges offer could result in the very death spirals that Ryan warns about. That’s because insurers will still be forced to cover sicker people with pre-existing conditions, even as healthy people leave markets by exemption or choose less comprehensive plans.
Within Medicaid, Verma has broad power to oversee the shape and form of state Medicaid programs. While she can’t make the kind of sweeping dictates mandating changes to the program that Congress can, via the Medicaid 1115 waivers she can approve state plans that deviate significantly from traditional Medicaid. One provision that seems certain to come up for review by Verma’s agency is a controversial work requirement that several states wish to implement. CMS has so far been unkind to work-requirement requests, which mandate that Medicaid enrollees must have a job to receive government benefits. But Verma’s former consulting firm helped craft some of those very requests, and she already signaled vague support for work requirements in a letter she and Price sent to governors. It noted that the agency intends to “approve meritorious innovations that build on the human dignity that comes with training, employment, and independence.”
The data on other welfare programs’ work requirements, as well as analyses of the Medicaid population, suggest that the only guaranteed outcome of such a provision would be mass disenrollment of people on Medicaid, especially those able-bodied, low-income adults who only became eligible under the ACA’s Medicaid expansion. Many of these adults report significant barriers to work—like a disability, caregiver responsibilities, or felonies—that keep them from stable jobs, and they’d lose coverage were Medicaid altered this way. The AHCA would have led to many more people disenrolling from Medicaid, because of its own work requirements and per-capita caps on funding. But an employment provision added to current Medicaid programs would also weaken the safety net, as Medicaid itself is work support. In addition, Verma’s CMS appears to be considering approving other waiver provisions that could reduce Medicaid coverage and benefits, including requiring premiums and health-savings account contributions, moving more people to privately managed plans, and cutting benefits like the provision of medical transportation for enrollees.
The administration is also in charge of many of the annual regulations that have to be pushed to make the ACA work. Obama’s White House constantly made small tweaks to the law in order to avert potential hiccups. Larger crises, like the disastrous rollout of HealthCare.Gov and the associated rejection of state-run exchanges by several states, required more dramatic federal intervention. Even if the Trump administration had the will to put out sporadic fires, those fixes would require not only savvy and a deep knowledge of health policy from top to bottom, but also a full bench of officials to do the work. As it is, the White House hasn’t shown much interest in the intricacies of health policy, and the federal bureaucracy is  depleted.
Even under Obama, rising premiums and major exits by insurers from the exchanges seemed to mystify the president and his army of experienced bureaucrats. Health care is hard work, and it’s hard work even when there aren’t legislative fights in the news.
Whether on purpose or not, the Trump administration will probably weaken Obamacare on its own. But a Republican-dominated Congress will still be working, too, and recent history shows that some of their most successful anti-Obamacare moves have been smaller bites, even under the threat of an Obama veto. Enacted legislation has delayed the so-called “Cadillac tax” and other revenue-generating taxes, changed the categorization of small employers, and reduced appropriations to the Prevention and Public Health Fund. Congress could always make more of these smaller cuts to the health law. With legislation as complex and big as the ACA, each quantum of instability those measures create could have much larger downstream effects.
The tools available for Republicans in the executive and legislative branches to make Obamacare weaker are plentiful. Invariably, those moves will probably reduce the number of people covered and could further destabilize delicate and still-reeling exchanges. The degree of damage Republicans can do is as yet unknown. But an Obamacare made weaker by design could prove to be the dynamite they need to finally demolish the whole thing later. And this seems to be at least one place where the White House and the House are in accord. The only problem is Republicans might not want to be holding the dynamite when the fuse runs out.



ARTICLE
The Republican Party’s marquee legislative initiative had just imploded in spectacular, and humiliating, fashion Friday afternoon when Paul Ryan stepped up to a podium on Capitol Hill. The beleaguered house speaker wasted no time in diagnosing the failure of his caucus. “Moving from an opposition party to a governing party comes with some growing pains,” he said. “And, well, we’re feeling those growing pains today.”
Ryan wasn’t wrong. The GOP’s inability to maneuver a health-care bill through the House this week—after seven years of promising to repeal and replace Obamacare—is, indeed, emblematic of a deeper dysfunction that grips his party. But that dysfunction may not be as easy to cure as Ryan and other GOP leaders believe.
That’s because it has been nearly a decade since Washington Republicans were in the business of actual governance. Whether you view their actions as a dystopian descent into cynical obstructionism or a heroic crusade against a left-wing menace, the GOP spent the Obama years defining itself—deliberately, and thoroughly—in opposition to the last president. Rather than engage the Obama White House in a more traditional legislative process—trading favors, making deals, seeking out areas where their interests align—conservatives in Congress opted to boycott the bargaining table altogether. Meanwhile, they busied themselves with a high-minded (and largely theoretical) intra-party debate about what 21st-century conservatism should stand for. They spent their time dealing in abstract ideas, articulating lofty principles, reciting memorized quotes from the Founding Fathers.
In many ways, the strategy paid off: Republicans took back Congress, slowed the progress of an agenda they genuinely opposed, and ultimately seized control of the White House. But it also came at a cost for the GOP—their lawmakers forgot how to make laws.
Indeed, without any real expectation of their bills actually being enacted, the legislative process mutated into a platform for point-scoring, attention-getting, and brand-building.
At its most benign, this dynamic manifested itself in performative filibusters and symbolic votes that had no meaningful effect beyond raising a senator’s profile or appeasing the cable news-watching constituents back home. Texas Rep. Joe Barton admitted as much Friday when reporters asked him why Republicans were refusing to repeal Obamacare now after having voted so many times in the past to do so. “Sometimes you’re playing Fantasy Football and sometimes you’re in the real game,” Barton said. “We knew [Obama], if we could get a repeal bill to his desk, would almost certainly veto it. This time we knew if it got to the president’s desk it would be signed.”
Of course, this lack of legislative seriousness has also created toxic moments over the years, as presidential wannabes and aspiring Fox News hosts manufactured congressional crises—from the debt ceiling, to the fiscal cliff, to the government shutdown—that ended up costing millions and wreaking havoc on global markets. But one of the most damaging consequences for the Republican Party today may be its noticeable dearth of D.C. dealmakers and operators—that loathed breed of elected officials who know how to work the levers of government to get things done.
Paul Ryan’s ascent to House Speaker is illustrative. His fans on both sides of the aisle have long described him as a savvy policymaker. “He is, arguably, the most skilled policy entrepreneur of his generation,” Vox’s Ezra Klein wrote last week. “He is known for winning support from political actors and policy validators who normally reject his brand of conservatism.” But there is a difference between a “policy entrepreneur” and a “legislator.” The former deals in theories and spreadsheets and white papers and Powerpoint presentations; the latter deals in real-life political power. And while Ryan can be credited (or blamed) for popularizing a certain strain of conservative fiscal policy within his party, his record of translating those ideas into law is quite modest.
In that way, Ryan is prototypical of today’s Republican congressman. To the extent that the mythical backroom wheeler-dealer types ever truly existed, they have been largely purged by the purifying flames of ideological orthodoxy. Those who remain adhere to an incentive structure that would be all but unrecognizable to a lawmaker who left town a decade ago.
The democratization of media has made it so that D.C. Republicans are just as likely to pander to Sean Hannity as they are to their local newspaper editorial boards. And the deregulation of political money has enabled cash-flush outside groups with narrowly tailored agendas to strip party committees and old-guard gatekeepers of their power and relevance. The result is a caucus full of conservatives with excellent ratings from the Heritage Foundation, and no idea how to whip a vote.
President Trump made headlines last month when he mused that “nobody knew health care could be so complicated.” The GOP’s health-care bill may be dead, but the truth is that governing is only likely to get harder from here on out.



ARTICLE
Speaking in the Oval Office Friday afternoon, President Trump surveyed the wreckage of the Obamacare repeal effort and issued a crisp, definitive verdict: I didn’t do it.
The president said he didn’t blame Speaker Paul Ryan, though he had plenty of implied criticism for the speaker. “I like Speaker Ryan. He worked very hard,” Trump said, but he added: “I'm not going to speak badly about anybody within the Republican Party. Certainly there's a big history. I really think Paul worked hard.” He added ruefully that the GOP could have taken up tax-reform first, instead of Obamacare—the reverse of Ryan’s desired sequence. “Now we’re going to go for tax reform, which I’ve always liked,” he said.
As for the House Freedom Caucus, the bloc of conservatives from which many of the apparent “no” votes on the Republican plan were to come, Trump said, “I'm not betrayed. They're friends of mine. I'm disappointed because we could've had it. So I'm disappointed. I'm a little surprised, I could tell you.”
The greatest blame for the bill’s failure fell on Democrats, Trump said.
“This really would've worked out better if we could've had Democrat support. Remember we had no Democrat support,” Trump said. Later, he added, “But when you get no votes from the other side, meaning the Democrats, it's really a difficult situation.”
He said Democrats should come up with their own bill. “I think the losers are Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, because they own Obamacare,” he said, referring to the House and Senate Democratic leaders. “They 100 percent own it.”
Trump was very clear about who was not to blame: himself. “I worked as a team player,” the president of the United States said, demoting himself to bit-player status. He wanted to do tax reform first, after all, and it was still early. “I’ve been in office, what, 64 days? I've never said repeal and replace Obamacare within 64 days. I have a long time. I want to have a great health-care bill and plan and we will.”
Strictly speaking, it is true that Trump didn’t promise to repeal Obamacare on day 64 of his administration. What he told voters, over and over during the campaign, was that he’d do it immediately. On some occasions he or top allies even promised to do it on day 1. Now he and his allies are planning to drop the bill for the foreseeable future.
It is surely not wrong that there is lots of blame to go around. Congressional Republicans had years to devise a plan, and couldn’t come up with one that would win a majority in the House, despite a 44-seat advantage. The House bill was an unpopular one, disliked by conservatives and moderates in that chamber; almost certainly dead on arrival in the Senate; and deeply unpopular with voters. Even before the vote was canceled, unnamed White House officials were telling reporters that the plan was to pin the blame on Ryan.
But aside from their role in passing the Affordable Care Act seven years ago, Democrats are perhaps the one faction with the least blame for Friday’s fiasco. As much as they might have wished to claim credit, the opposition party was nearly a non-factor in the wrangling. There was never any intention to design a replacement plan that would attract Democratic votes, in part because of the huge Republican margin in the chamber. The Democrats surely owned Obamacare before, but given GOP control of the House, Senate, and White House, Friday seems to mark the day that Republicans came into ownership.
Trump’s quick disavowal of any role in the collapse fits with an emerging pattern: The president never takes the blame for anything that goes wrong. What about his claim that President Obama “wiretapped” him?
“All we did was quote a certain very talented legal mind who was the one responsible for saying that on television. I didn't make an opinion on it,” Trump said during a press conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel last week. “That was a statement made by a very talented lawyer on Fox. And so you shouldn't be talking to me, you should be talking to Fox.”
How about his claim, during the presidential campaign, that Ted Cruz’s father was involved in the Kennedy assassination?
“Well, that was in a newspaper,” he told Time’s Michael Scherer this week. (The National Enquirer, to be specific.) “No, no, I like Ted Cruz, he’s a friend of mine. But that was in the newspaper. I wasn’t, I didn’t say that. I was referring to a newspaper.”
The ruling by a federal court in Washington state against Trump’s Muslim travel ban? The work of a “so-called judge,” Trump tweeted, and even he preemptively dumped the blame for any future terror attack on the courts for a decision that “essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country.”
Trump’s approach to the presidency thus far has rejected the mantra of his predecessor Harry S Truman, who famously placed a sign on his desk indicating that he was the final decisionmaker: “The buck stops here.” Trump, by contrast, is quick to pass the buck.
Assuming the public accepts it, this choice has both upsides and downsides. On the one hand, it means that Trump is never to blame for anything. On the other, if he’s so irrelevant, why should anyone pay attention to him or take his proposals and ideas seriously?



ARTICLE
House Speaker Paul Ryan pulled the GOP’s new health-care bill, after meeting with President Trump to tell him that Republicans didn’t have the votes to pass it. During a news conference, Ryan said it is a “disappointing day” and that Republicans will now “move on with the rest of our agenda.” In an interview with The New York Times, Trump reportedly blamed Democrats for the bill’s failure, predicting they would want to make a deal after “Obamacare explodes.” Earlier in the day, House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes walked back his claim that communications from Trump and his transition team were collected incidentally by U.S. intelligence. TransCanada, the company behind the Keystone XL pipeline project, said the Trump administration granted them permission to begin construction, reversing an Obama administration directive.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

The Dealmaker Has Doubts: The New York Times reports that Trump regrets prioritizing the health-care overhaul “before unveiling a tax-cut proposal more politically palatable to Republicans.” (Glenn Thrush and Maggie Haberman)
Trumpism v. Ryanism: Trump won the election with promises to be a president for the people and to “drain the swamp.” Instead, Ezra Klein argues, he became a “pitchman” for Ryan’s widely opposed health-care bill. How did this happen? (Vox)
‘Chasing the Phantom’: Wired takes a look at the hunt to find Evgeniy Mikhailovich Bogachev, a Russian hacker and “maybe the most prolific bank robber in the world.” Did he also play a role in the U.S. presidential election? (Garrett M. Graff) 
Under Fire: The Department of Justice is investigating whether California Representative Duncan Hunter improperly used campaign funds “to pay for family travel, flights, utilities, health care, school uniforms and tuition, jewelry, groceries, and other goods.” Read the details of the case here. (Morgan Cook, The San Diego Union-Tribune)
Bibi’s Battle: With Trump in office and pledging to broker a deal between Israelis and Palestinians, 2017 could be a good year for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. But there’s one man who could still get in his way: Meet Yair Lapid. (Susan Glasser, Politico)
 
Unpresidented: In this short video, The Atlantic’s Olga Khazan explains that a better way for people to argue about politics is to reframe their arguments to appeal to opponents’ moral values. (Daniel Lombroso)
Monday marked the beginning of what will probably be Judge Neil Gorsuch’s toughest job interview: his Supreme Court confirmation hearings. This week, we asked what you would ask Gorsuch if you were on the Senate Judiciary Committee. Click here to see all of our favorite responses, but for now, here are two great answers:
Keli Osborn would ask how the judge would have ruled on previous Supreme Court cases:

How would [your] judicial philosophy of originalism have influenced rulings on Plessy v. Ferguson, Brown v. Board of Education, Griswold v. Connecticut, Bigelow v. Virginia, and Obergefell v. Hodges?

And Mitchell Kaplan figured that understanding Gorsuch’s thoughts on science and religion would offer insight into how he might rule on future cases if confirmed:

How old is Earth? How old is the universe? When did homo sapiens first arrive on Earth? Do you believe in adaptation as defined by Darwin? Do you take the Bible literally or metaphorically? Do you believe in creationism?

Thanks for responding, and stay tuned for next week’s Question of the Week contest.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
After House Speaker Paul Ryan reportedly told President Trump that Republicans lacked enough votes to pass the GOP health care bill, Republicans canceled a vote on the American Health Care Act on Friday, putting the president’s promise to repeal and replace Obamacare in jeopardy.
It’s the first major setback to the president’s agenda in Congress, but Republican voters are likely to hold Republican congressional leaders, rather than the president, responsible.
Ahead of the vote, Trump said Ryan should keep his job as House speaker even if the vote was unsuccessful. The president also told Robert Costa of The Washington Post that he doesn’t “blame Paul,” in the immediate aftermath of the news that the vote had been canceled. But the White House has reportedly been gearing up to point the finger at Ryan if anything went wrong. “Behind the scenes, the president’s aides are planning to blame Ryan if there is an embarrassing defeat on a bill that has been a Republican goal for more than seven years,” Bloomberg reported earlier in the day, citing an unnamed administration official.
And if Trump and Ryan clash as a result of the outcome, Republican voters may side with the president. In February, the Pew Research Center found that a majority of Republican voters were more likely to trust Trump than Republican congressional leaders in the event of a dispute. The survey also reported that Republican voters had a far more favorable view of Trump than they did of Ryan or Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. An overwhelming majority of Republican voters—at 86 percent—had a favorable view of Trump, compared to just 65 percent who held a favorable view of Ryan and just 57 percent who felt warmly toward McConnell. That suggests that Republican congressional leaders could face retribution from their base if they end up on a collision course with the president.
Ryan himself has suggested there may be retribution from voters if the the GOP cannot pass an Obamacare replacement. “Everybody running for the Congress and the House, everybody running for the Senate, and the president himself, said to the American people ‘You give us this chance, this responsibility, this opportunity with a Republican president, with a Republican Senate, a Republican House, and we will repeal and replace Obamacare,” Ryan said, describing the stakes of the health care vote earlier in the week. “If we don’t keep our promise, it will be very hard to manage this,” he said.
Of course, it’s impossible to predict how Republican voters might react if the GOP health care effort fails, and whether that reaction will meaningfully alter election outcomes. Trump and GOP leadership may not turn on one another. The president may decide to focus his ire at Democrats, despite the fact that Republicans control both houses of Congress.
One factor that might mitigate voter backlash is that Republican efforts to move ahead with a health care overhaul have proven widely unpopular. A recent Quinnipiac Poll found that a majority of American voters disapprove of the GOP plan to replace President Obama’s health-care law, the Affordable Care Act. The plan even failed to win a majority of support among Republican voters, according to the poll, which found that only 41 percent of Republicans approved. Perhaps significantly, though, a majority of Republican voters—at 64 percent—did indicate that they approved of the way Trump had handled the health care push, despite not approving of the bill he endorsed.
At a Friday afternoon press conference, Ryan spoke approvingly of Trump even as he faced reporters after the canceled vote. “The president gave his all in this effort,” the speaker said. “He’s really been fantastic.” But he conceded that they had not followed through with what they had vowed to do. “We were on the cusp of fulfilling a promise that we made … of achieving an ambition that we’ve all had for seven years,” he said.
And despite the health care bill setback, Trump could emerge relatively unscathed in popularity in the wake of a legislative defeat, even if congressional Republicans don’t.
When a reporter asked the Speaker how he, and other Republican lawmakers, would return to their constituents without having advanced their health care agenda, Ryan responded grimly on Friday: “It’s a really good question. I wish I had a better answer for you.”



ARTICLE
Seven years and three days ago, the House of Representatives grumblingly voted to approve the Senate’s version of the Affordable Care Act. Democrats in the House were displeased by many of the changes introduced by Senate Democrats. But in the interval after Senate passage, the Republicans had gained a 41st seat in the Senate. Any further tinkering with the law could trigger a Republican filibuster. Rather than lose the whole thing, the House swallowed hard and accepted a bill that liberals regarded as a giveaway to insurance companies and other interest groups. The finished law proceeded to President Obama for signature on March 23, 2010.
A few minutes after the House vote, I wrote a short blog post for the website I edited in those days. The site had been founded early in 2009 to argue for a more modern and more moderate form of Republicanism. The timing could not have been worse. At precisely the moment we were urging the GOP to march in one direction, the great mass of conservatives and Republicans had turned on the double in the other, toward an ever more wild and even paranoid extremism. Those were the days of Glenn Beck’s 5 o’clock Fox News conspiracy rants, of Sarah Palin’s “death panels,” of Orly Taitz and her fellow Birthers, of Tea Party rallies at which men openly brandished assault rifles.
The conservative establishment in Washington caught the same fever that then raged among conservatives across the country. At that time, I worked at the American Enterprise Institute, the most high-toned of Washington’s conservative think tanks. In later years, AEI would provide a home for the emerging “reform conservative” tendency. Its president, Arthur Brooks, would speak eloquently of the need for conservatives to show concern for the poor and the hard-pressed working class. But all that lay ahead in 2010. The mood then was that supporters and opponents of the Obama administration were engaged in a furious battle over whether the United States would remain a capitalist economy at all.
“We must choose,” Brooks wrote in his highly influential book titled, precisely, The Battle, whether “America will continue to be a unique and exceptional nation organized around the principle of free enterprise” or whether “America will move toward European-style statism grounded in expanding bureaucracies, increasing income redistribution, and government-controlled corporations. These competing visions are not reconcilable.”
It was no moment for advocates of compromise—indeed, it was precisely because I appreciated its unwelcomeness where I worked that I had launched an independent blog in the first place. There, to the increasing irritation of my colleagues and employers, I fruitlessly argued through 2009 and 2010 that Republicans should do business with President Obama on health-care reform.
It seemed to me that Obama’s adoption of ideas developed at the Heritage Foundation in the early 1990s—and then enacted into state law in Massachusetts by Governor Mitt Romney—offered the best near-term hope to control the federal health-care spending that would otherwise devour the defense budget and force taxes upward. I suggested that universal coverage was a worthy goal, and one that would hugely relieve the anxieties of working-class and middle-class Americans who had suffered so much in the Great Recession. And I predicted that the Democrats remembered the catastrophe that befell them in 1994 when they promised health-care reform and failed to deliver. They had the votes this time to pass something. They surely would do so—and so the practical question facing Republicans was whether it would not be better to negotiate to shape that “something” in ways that would be less expensive, less regulatory, and less redistributive.
As I said: fruitless.
From a personal point of view, in fact, my efforts were worse than fruitless. Old friends grew suspicious and drifted away. At second and third hand, I heard echoes of unpleasant explanations for my deviation from the ever-radicalizing main line of Washington conservatism. Increasingly isolated and frustrated, I watched with dismay as people I’d known for years and decades incited each other to jump together over the same cliff.
So, when the Democrats indeed did pass the law without Republican input, just as I’d warned they would, a fury overcame me. Eighteen months of being called a “sellout” will do that to a man, I suppose. I opened my computer and in less than half an hour pounded out the blogpost that would function, more or less, as my suicide note in the organized conservative world.
The post was called “Waterloo.” (The title played off a promise by then-senator and now Heritage Foundation president Jim DeMint that the Affordable Care Act would become Obama’s Waterloo, a career-finishing defeat.)

We followed the most radical voices in the party and the movement, and they led us to abject and irreversible defeat.

There were leaders who knew better, who would have liked to deal. But they were trapped. Conservative talkers on Fox and talk radio had whipped the Republican voting base into such a frenzy that deal-making was rendered impossible. How do you negotiate with somebody who wants to murder your grandmother? Or—more exactly—with somebody whom your voters have been persuaded to believe wants to murder their grandmother?

I’ve been on a soapbox for months now about the harm that our overheated talk is doing to us. Yes it mobilizes supporters—but by mobilizing them with hysterical accusations and pseudo-information, overheated talk has made it impossible for representatives to represent and elected leaders to lead. The real leaders are on TV and radio, and they have very different imperatives from people in government. Talk radio thrives on confrontation and recrimination. When Rush Limbaugh said that he wanted President Obama to fail, he was intelligently explaining his own interests. What he omitted to say—but what is equally true—is that he also wants Republicans to fail. If Republicans succeed—if they govern successfully in office and negotiate attractive compromises out of office—Rush’s listeners get less angry. And if they are less angry, they listen to the radio less, and hear fewer ads for Sleepnumber beds.

So today’s defeat for free-market economics and Republican values is a huge win for the conservative entertainment industry. Their listeners and viewers will now be even more enraged, even more frustrated, even more disappointed in everybody except the responsibility-free talkers on television and radio. For them, it’s mission accomplished. For the cause they purport to represent, it’s Waterloo all right: ours.

Even more provocatively to Republicans already fixed on a promise to repeal the Obamacare abomination, I urged: "No illusions please: This bill will not be repealed."
To that point, it was a big day on my website if we reached 25,000 unique visitors. The Waterloo post passed a million clicks before our servers crashed. But it had remained available long enough for the editors of The Wall Street Journal to slam me by name in an editorial that same evening. The next morning came a phone call inviting me to talk things over with AEI’s president. By Thursday, I was an ex-think-tank staffer.
In retrospect, I have to confess to considerable sympathy for my employers’ point of view. A think tank is not a university, a haven for disinterested thought. It exists to advocate, and I had contradicted my institution’s advocacy on the most sensitive point at the most sensitive time. Being right was no excuse. If anything, being right aggravated my offense.
The demand for message discipline reached its zenith in the conservative world in the months before and after ACA passage, and I was by no means the only person to fall afoul of it. From the libertarian Cato Institute, from the National Center for Policy Analysis, from Heritage—about half-a-dozen people were and would be forced to leave for expressly ideological reasons before and after me. And why not? If during the Obama presidency we did indeed—to borrow the mighty phrase of Theodore Roosevelt’s— “stand at Armageddon to battle for the Lord!” there could be no room in such a host for warriors who questioned the merits of the cause or the prudence of the generals.
Over the next seven years, Republicans would vote again and again to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Total and permanent opposition to the law would become the absolute touchstone of Republican loyalty. Even Donald Trump, who dissented from so much of the old orthodoxy, retained this piece of the doxology. On the strength of their vow to eliminate the ACA, Republicans would win election after election, culminating in the stunning capture of all the elected branches of government in November 2016. From time to time, some old veteran would recall my 2010 prediction that the law would endure and smilingly wonder if I wished to reconsider.
I never did, for the reasons that the whole world has witnessed in real time over this week of Obamacare’s 7th anniversary.
Some of the conservatives who voted “no” to the House leadership’s version of repeal may yet imagine that they will have some other opportunity to void the law. They are again deluding themselves. If the Republican Party tripped over its own feet walking across this empty ballroom, it will face only more fearsome difficulties in the months ahead, as mid-term elections draw closer. Too many people benefit from the law—and the Republican alternatives thus far offer too little to compensate for the loss of those benefits.
In that third week in March in 2010, America committed itself for the first time to the principle of universal (or near universal) health-care coverage. That principle has had seven years to work its way into American life and into the public sense of right and wrong. It’s not yet unanimously accepted. But it’s accepted by enough voters—and especially by enough Republican voters—to render impossible the seven-year Republican vision of removing that coverage from those who have gained it under the Affordable Care Act. Paul Ryan still upholds the right of Americans to “choose” to go uninsured if they cannot afford to pay the cost of their insurance on their own. His country no longer agrees.
What happens now? What happens now is that—a few bitter-enders aside—Republican politicians, especially in the states, begin the slow and belated process of entering the next era of health-care politics. Contrary to Paul Ryan’s bleak vision of a political “tipping point” after which the nation declines into “dependency and passivity,” Americans will continue to find plenty to argue about—and possibly more than ever.
How generous should health coverage be? What should be done to control costs? Who should pay, and on what terms? To what extent should citizens be free to impose the cost of their unhealthy choices upon others? Conservative-minded people will converge on one set of intuitions; progressives on another. It’s possible to imagine a Republican health-care politics that rejects the ultra-redistributionary approach of the ACA and instead argues that since all benefit from health coverage, all must contribute to its costs via some kind of broad-based tax. It’s possible to imagine a Republican health-care politics that emphasizes cost control over benefit provision. It’s possible to imagine a Republican health-care politics that incentivizes providers and insurers to achieve better outcomes at lower prices. It’s possible to imagine a Republican health-care politics that resists socializing the burden of addiction, obesity, and other unhealthy behaviors. It’s possible to imagine a Republican Party that cares about the details of health policy and is not satisfied with poorly informed hand waves toward outworn party shibboleths. It won’t happen soon, perhaps—but the sooner the better.
Conservatives have a crucial role to play in shaping the future American health-care system to enhance and support enterprise, innovation, individual responsibility—to resist open-ended spending, state planning, and the risk that social insurance will penalize effort and success. It’s past time to accept reality, quit promising the impossible, and do the work that a democracy that seeks both equity and efficiency should expect from its more conservative-minded thinkers and politicians.
Whatever else the 2016 election has done, it has emancipated Republicans from one of their own worst self-inflicted blind spots. Health care may not be a human right, but the lack of universal health coverage in a wealthy democracy is a severe, unjustifiable, and unnecessary human wrong. As Americans lift this worry from their fellow citizens, they’ll discover that they have addressed some other important problems too. They’ll find that they have removed one of the most important barriers to entrepreneurship, because people with bright ideas will fear less to quit the jobs through which they get their health care. They’ll find they have improved the troubled lives of the white working class succumbing at earlier ages from preventable deaths of despair. They’ll find that they have equalized the life chances of Americans of different races. They’ll find that they have discouraged workplace discrimination against women, older Americans, the disabled, and other employees with higher expected health-care costs. They’ll find that their people become less alienated from a country that has overcome at last one of the least attractive manifestations of American exceptionalism—and joined the rest of the civilized world in ameliorating and alleviating our common human vulnerability to illness and pain.
I take no pride or pleasure in saying “I told you so.” We’ve all been wrong about enough things to teach us humility about our rare bursts of foresight. What I would urge is that those conservatives and Republicans who were wrong about the evolution of this debate please consider why they were wrong: Consider the destructive effect of ideological conformity, of ignorance of the experience of comparable countries, and of a conservative political culture that incentivizes intransigence, radicalism, and anger over prudence, moderation, and compassion.



ARTICLE
Updated on March 24 at 6:28 p.m. ET
To a man and woman, nearly every one of the 237 Republicans elected to the House last November made the same promise to voters: Give us control of Congress and the White House, and we will repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
On Friday, those lawmakers abandoned that effort, conceding that the Republican Party’s core campaign pledge of the last seven years will go unfulfilled. “I will not sugarcoat this: This is a disappointing day for us,” House Speaker Paul Ryan said at a press conference after he informed Republicans that he was ditching the American Health Care Act.
“We did not have quite the votes to replace this law,” Ryan said. “And, so yeah, we’re going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future.”
Earlier in the afternoon, Ryan informed President Trump at the White House that the bill could not pass the House, as blocs of conservatives and moderates resisted a week of frenzied lobbying from the administration and were determined to vote no. The legislation had faced an avalanche of opposition from the outset. Democrats rejected any rollback of the Obama-era law, while conservative activists rebelled against a proposal that fell short of a full repeal. And as opposition mounted, Republicans representing swing districts and Democratic states began to pull their support, worried about cuts to Medicaid, a broader projected loss of insurance coverage, and a potential backlash from voters in the midterm elections next year. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found that the proposal would increase the number of uninsured Americans by 24 million people over a decade, and a Quinnipiac University poll showed that just 17 percent of potential voters supported the plan, with 56 percent opposed.
Trump had initially insisted that Republicans hold a vote on the bill regardless of the outcome, wanting to see which members would defy him. He dispatched his top lieutenants to Capitol Hill on Thursday night to urge rank-and-file lawmakers to fall in line, ending negotiations with the party’s right and left flank on further changes to the bill. But few members were persuaded, and by Friday, party leaders in the House wanted to spare their members from having to cast a vote in favor of an unpopular bill that would not become law. At a hastily arranged meeting in the Capitol basement, Ryan told Republicans he had called off the vote and said Trump was on board with the decision. Minutes later, stone-faced lawmakers left the meeting and prepared to head back to their districts for the weekend. One Republican staffer was in tears as she exited the room.
While conservative members of the Freedom Caucus withheld their support despite winning a last-minute amendment to broaden the repeal, it was the defection of more moderate and electorally vulnerable members that sealed its fate. Republicans could afford to lose no more than 22 votes to achieve a majority, and in a statement at the White House Friday, Trump estimated that they were 10 to 15 votes short. In perhaps the most ominous sign for the GOP leadership, the chairman of the powerful Appropriations Committee, Representative Rodney Frelinghuysen of New Jersey, announced he would oppose the bill on Friday morning. In previous generations, it would be unheard of for a top committee chairman to oppose party leaders on such a major vote. Representatives Barbara Comstock of Virginia and David Joyce of Ohio followed suit about an hour later, sapping momentum from the effort less than a day after Trump delivered his ultimatum to Republicans to pass his bill or see Obamacare live on.
The White House and GOP leaders searched for votes wherever they could, but there were few lawmakers willing to suddenly support a bill they had already publicly denounced. Representative Walter Jones of North Carolina, a frequent dissenter in the party, said he waved off a last-minute call from the office of Representative Steve Scalise of Louisiana, the party whip. “I said, ‘Let me tell you: I don’t want to waste his time,’” Jones told reporters. “I don’t see anybody that was a no yesterday changing their vote.” He then ripped into the proposal and the leadership’s insistence that it pass. “This was absolutely a bad decision to move this type of bill this early,” Jones said.
Defeat on the floor dealt Trump a major blow early in his presidency, but its implications were far more serious for the Republican Party as a whole. Handed unified control of the federal government for only the third time since World War II, the modern GOP was unable to overcome its internecine fights to enact a key part of its policy agenda. The president now wants to move on to a comprehensive overhaul of the tax code, but insiders on Capitol Hill have long believed that project will be an even heavier lift than health care.
As the prospect of a loss became more real on Friday, the frustrations of GOP lawmakers loyal to the leadership began to boil over. “I’ve been in this job eight years, and I’m wracking my brain to think of one thing our party has done that’s been something positive, that’s been something other than stopping something else from happening,” Representative Tom Rooney of Florida said in an interview. “We need to start having victories as a party. And if we can’t, then it’s hard to justify why we should be back here.”
Nothing has exemplified the party’s governing challenge quite like health care. For years, Republican leaders resisted pressure from Democrats and rank-and-file lawmakers to coalesce around a detailed legislative alternative to Obamacare. That failure didn’t prevent them from attaining power, but it forced them to start nearly from scratch after Trump’s surprising victory in November. At Ryan’s urging, the party had compiled a plan as part of the speaker’s “A Better Way” campaign agenda. Translating that into legislation, however, proved a much stiffer challenge; committee leaders needed to navigate a razor’s edge to satisfy conservatives demanding a full repeal of Obamacare and satisfy moderates who preferred to keep in place its more popular consumer protections and Medicaid expansion. They were further limited by the procedural rules of the Senate, which circumscribed how far Republicans could go while still avoiding a Democratic filibuster.
The legislation Republicans came up with would have eliminated Obamacare’s insurance mandates and most of its tax increases, but it left in place many of the consumer protections that the public broadly supported. Conservatives were unhappy that the proposal did not immediately end the law’s Medicaid expansion or scrap all of its regulations, while moderates worried that the bill ultimately would leave too many of their constituents uninsured or facing higher costs than they do under the current system.
Both Trump and Ryan characterized Obamacare as a law in collapse, even as they acknowledged Republicans now were powerless to repeal it. But despite the challenges it still faces, Democrats rejoiced at an unexpected reprieve for an achievement that appeared to be doomed a few months ago. “Today is a great day for our country. It’s a victory,” declared Nancy Pelosi, the House minority leader who steered the Affordable Care Act to passage seven years ago this month. Hillary Clinton cheered the news on Twitter. “Today was a victory for the 24,000,000 people at risk of losing their health insurance, for seniors, for families battling the quiet epidemic of addiction, for new moms and women everywhere,” she said. “Most of all, it’s a victory for anyone who believes affordable health care is a human right.”
With the leadership’s plan dead, Republicans said they would try to move on to other issues. But the party’s failure on health care will sting, and it will linger. On Friday, Ryan was asked what GOP lawmakers should say to their constituents after promising them for so long they would repeal and replace Obamacare. The speaker was stumped. “That’s a good question,” he replied. “I wish I had a better answer for you.”



ARTICLE
In 1985, Donald Trump bought West Side Yards*, a huge real-estate parcel on the West Side of Manhattan. (Actually, it was his second try at the property, which he’d failed to develop in the 1970s.) Trump paid $115 million to buy the parcel, with huge plans to create a sparkling center on one of the few remaining undeveloped parts of the island.
It didn’t work. Trump quarreled with Mayor Ed Koch, failed to start the work, and steadily lost tens of millions of dollars. In 1989, he declined an offer to sell the land for a more than $400 million profit. Five years later, he finally threw in the towel, selling it for just $82 million—and on condition that the buyer take on a quarter of a billion in debt. But Trump was right about the commercial potential of West Side Yards. The developers who bought the land from him sold it for $1.8 billion in 2005, the largest residential real-estate deal in New York history. A sparkling new neighborhood is finally rising on the site.
The point of this story is not that Trump blew the deal of a lifetime, though he did. The point is that from Trump’s perspective, who cares? Yes, he could have been richer; but he’s still extremely rich, his reputation as a business mogul remained unscathed outside of actual business circles; and, as he put it to Time this week, “I’m president, and you’re not.” Trump’s bounce back from the West Side Yards fiasco seems to be a useful key for understanding Trump’s approach to negotiations over repealing and replacing Obamacare.
The president’s approach has even experienced Trump watchers nursing a case of whiplash. One week ago Friday, the president was meeting with conservative skeptics of the Republican leadership health-care plan and declaring, “I am 100 percent behind this.” Speaker Paul Ryan’s communications director was lauding Trump as “the ultimate closer.”
Then things fell apart. With resistance to the bill coming from both the moderate and conservative wings of the House Republican caucus, GOP leadership canceled a vote scheduled for Thursday afternoon. Trump was at an event when it happened; he told a reporter he had to go lobby for votes, only to be told that the vote had been canceled, with plans to hold it on Friday instead. The president issued an ultimatum: Negotiations were over, and it was time to get in line behind the bill.
The leaks started to come quickly. The New York Times’ dynamic duo of Glenn Thrush and Maggie Haberman reported that Trump was privately regretful of the decision to move forward on Obamacare repeal first, and did not like the deal that was emerging. His ultimatum was designed to bring the matter to a quick conclusion—favorable or not. New York reported that though Bannon was publicly supportive, he was eager to kill the bill behind the scenes. Breitbart, the palace organ of the Trump administration, promptly aggregated the New York story.
By Friday morning, it was clear that the White House—or at least some influential members of the White House—wanted the bill to go down:

senior WH aide, asked if decisive health care defeat today is best for Team Trump: "100%"
— John Harwood (@JohnJHarwood) March 24, 2017
Bloomberg reported on the increasingly apparent strategy: Let the bill fail, then blame Speaker Paul Ryan for the scheduling and design. (Trump even magnanimously declared that Ryan should remain speaker if the bill failed—thus opening up for discussion the question of whether Ryan should remain. Bannon and an aide, Julia Hahn, reportedly detest Ryan.) How else to explain Trump threatening the House Freedom Caucus, nexus of the conservative votes he desperately needed, in a Friday morning tweet?

The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 24, 2017
This also explained why the White House was demanding that a vote be held on Friday, whether or not Ryan and his team had the votes to pass it out.
Trump seems to regard a defeat in health-care fight the way he did the West Side Yards fiasco: An unfortunate occurrence on a potential crown jewel, but also a loss to be shrugged off and forgotten in the pursuit of bigger and better things. But this approach would only seem promising to someone who spent his career in the business world and didn’t really have a strong understanding of Republican Party politics around health care.
One problem with letting the bill die—especially if Republicans then simply move on to other matters, rather than trying a new approach—is that it would represent a brazen betrayal of the Republican Party’s biggest single promise to its voters over the last seven years. Republicans took first the House, in 2010, and steadily the Senate and now the White House while telling voters they would repeal Obamacare.
Trump was especially well-suited to make this promise on the campaign trail for a few reasons. First, he had no real ideological attachments to any health policy, so he could rail against the bill without any bounds of nuance or realism. He could blithely promise voters he’d repeal the hated ACA while also keeping everything they liked about it and even expanding coverage. The GOP House voted for repeal dozens of times, secure in the knowledge that the plans they were voting on, which would have been politically toxic, would never pass.
Even if the bill fails on Friday, Trump and Ryan could try a second time. But the White House is indicating the president has no interest in that, and with each day that goes by it’s harder to repeal—both because of timelines specific to the budget, but also because of other looming urgent issues like passing a spending bill. That doesn’t even get to the problem of trying to push whatever the House would pass through the Senate.
Perhaps Trump can survive a defeat of the repeal package politically—after all, he’s not on the ballot again until 2020—but giving up will be catastrophic for some Republicans, who have staked their careers on repeal. This is one reason the House Freedom Caucus has been so adamantly opposed to the current package: They don’t see it as true repeal. So by admitting defeat, Trump is endangering his party’s edge on the Hill.
A second problem is that a defeat now will make it much harder for Trump to pass the rest of his agenda. He wants to move on quickly to other priorities like tax reform, but that could go even worse. Republicans were at least all in agreement about whether or not to repeal Obamacare. Tax reform is perhaps even more complicated. And Trump would head into that debate much weaker. He will no longer have the goodwill and political capital a president receives to begin his term. Ryan would be weakened within Congress by the health-care defeat, especially if Trump moves to pin the whole collapse on him. Ryan’s relationship with the White House will be more strained. And each week seems to produce a worse approval rating and deeper scandals for Trump.
Meanwhile, the House Freedom Caucus, having seen its clout on health care in action, would be emboldened to fight against any proposal it doesn’t find entirely ideal. Other Republicans, having seen the HFC’s success, and the lack of repercussions for other members who bucked Ryan, would see little reason to stay in line. Trump’s aides are speaking darkly about keeping a list of defectors to punish them, but his leverage on them is steadily diminishing.
The least tangible, but perhaps most stinging, damage would be to Trump’s reputation as a dealmaker. No matter how he was regarded in the business world, many Americans viewed his name as synonymous with the word “deal.” But on Obamacare repeal, Trump has tried every tactic: Persuasion, arm-twisting, threats. None of them has gotten the GOP caucus to yes.
With his final moves on Friday, Trump attempted to use one last dealmaker’s tool: walking away. That can work in the business world, where both sides have incentives to reach an agreement, and the only thing to be lost is money. But politics, and especially this bill, are different. There’s little incentive for conservatives to back a bill that doesn’t meet their principles, and little incentive for moderates to back a paring back of benefits their constituents will hate.
And if the repeal plan does fail, Trump is likely to discover that recovering his reputation as the “ultimate closer” is even tougher. It could make recovering from West Side Yards look like a cakewalk.
* This article originally referred to West Side Yards as Hudson Yards. We regret the error.



ARTICLE
If you live in Cleveland County, North Carolina, make less than $40,000, and buy your own health insurance, it might be a good time to start saving.
According to a new interactive from the Kaiser Family Foundation, under the Republican plan to repeal and replace Obamacare, the average monthly premium for 40-year-olds making $30,000 in your county will double from $2,480 per year to $5,060 per year by 2020. The change is less dramatic if you happen to be younger, but if you’re closing in on 60 years old, expect an annual increase of about $16,000 dollars total in what you pay for health care.
Instead of raiding your retirement fund, though, you might be able to make out pretty well by just packing up, hopping in the car, and moving a couple miles south to Spartanburg County, South Carolina. There, premiums for 40-year-olds making around $30,000 are expected to diminish from $4,080 to $2,190 under the American Health Care Act. Your premiums will still skyrocket as you approach old age, but not as much as they would have in Cleveland County. If the capriciousness of the health law to which your hypothetical life is now subject hasn’t quite hit you, it might by the time you pay somewhere between a third and half of your overall pre-tax income on health insurance on your 64th birthday—and then almost nothing the next year as you turn 65 and finally reach Medicare.
Hypotheticals can be of limited use in the constantly shifting and often counterintuitive landscape of health policy. But models like Kaiser’s highlight just how dramatically different health-care costs for people could be from one county to the next and one year to the next under the AHCA. The new House bill—which has been derided by the right as a somewhat more conservative version of the Affordable Care Act and by moderates and liberals as an untenable erosion of coverage—takes an axe to Obamacare’s premium tax credits for purchasing insurance on the exchanges. It replaces those credits—adjusted for age, insurance-market prices, and income—with a new tax credit that is only adjusted by age. That adjustment is more than offset by new rules allowing insurers to charge five times as much for elderly people as they do for younger people.
The result is a system that almost invariably inverts the priorities of Obamacare. The main goal of Obamacare’s premium tax credits was to limit the percentage of household income that people spend on insurance, meaning it was more generous to people with less money, more generous to older people with more expensive health care, and more generous to people living in places where health insurance is more expensive. The AHCA, however, provides a credit that is much less responsive to income and is not tied to the actual regional expense of health care. And it allows insurers to charge more for older people, meaning it actually increases the share of household income spent on insurance for the most vulnerable groups of people in private insurance: the poor, the elderly, those living in expensive or underserved health markets, and those who happen to be some combination of the three. See the maps below:
According to Kaiser, many low-income people would see the share of their income spent on health insurance grow from roughly 5 percent to 10 percent under Obamacare to over 20 percent under the AHCA in particularly expensive markets. In places like North Carolina, Tennessee, Nebraska, Arizona, and several other swathes of rural America, those shares are highest. But the real disparities in affordability come into view when people making $100,000 are taken into account:
According to the projections, under the AHCA people making $100,000 or more across the country will almost all spend roughly the same—or less—on health insurance as a share of their household income. Whether by design or the result of unforeseen interactions, it’s clear that the AHCA reckons with the problem of rising premiums on the exchanges—the same problem that most Republicans highlighted in anti-Obamacare campaigns—by lowering them for upper-middle-class and wealthy people at the expense of everyone else.
The funhouse-mirror effect of the policy becomes even more clear when age is taken into account. Consider the premium increases for 60-year-old people making $30,000 a year:
Unless they all move to New York, low-income 60-year-olds would regularly see increases of 75 percent or more in their premiums. That’s an incredible figure, especially given that the age-adjustability of the tax credits in the bill was supposed to help offset higher health costs among the elderly. These increases have been a key point of contention for both Democratic and Republican opponents of the bill. To placate them, House Speaker Paul Ryan promised a “reserve fund” for older, near-Medicare-age enrollees of between $75 billion and $85 billion that would finance additional tax credits for this particular group of Americans. That fund, however, hasn’t actually been created, depends on the Senate creating it from a tax break, and still might not be enough to make health insurance affordable for this group.
The AHCA looks poised to put health insurance out of reach for not only those older Americans, but other vulnerable populations, including people with low incomes and people living in places disconnected from health infrastructure. In turn, those people could simply become more uninsured and sicker, and the places they live more expensive. On the bright side, the law may work pretty well for healthy people, those who can already afford their health insurance, and—in extremes—those who can travel for lower rates.



ARTICLE
The top Republican and Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee escalated their feud on Friday, with GOP Chairman Devin Nunes announcing that he wished to cancel a public hearing next week and Ranking Member Adam Schiff charging Nunes with bad faith and attempting to choke off an independent hearing.
In a press conference at the Capitol Friday morning, Nunes announced that Paul Manafort, Donald Trump’s former campaign manager, had offered through his attorney to testify before the committee as it investigates Russian interference in the presidential election. But Nunes also announced he wanted to cancel an open hearing scheduled for next week, with former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, former CIA Director John Brennan, and former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, until the committee had a chance to have a closed hearing with FBI Director James Comey and NSA Director Mike Rogers. He said his decision did not have anything to do with new documents he received this week.
About an hour later, Schiff held his own press conference, calling Nunes’s announcement a “serious mistake” and accusing him of bowing to White House pressure.
“I think that there must have been a very strong pushback from the White House about the nature of Monday’s hearing,” he said. “It’s hard to come to any other conclusion about why an agreed-upon meeting was canceled.”
While Schiff did not say Democrats would pull out of the investigation, he called for an independent commission and said anyone watching this week’s drama would have “very legitimate concerns” about whether the House investigation would be credible.
The dueling press conferences cap an astonishing week in the Russia investigation. On Monday, the committee held hearings with Rogers and Comey, in which Comey confirmed for the first time that the FBI is investigating potential collusion between Trump campaign officials and Russia to interfere in the election.
On Wednesday, Nunes made a strange announcement in which he said he had obtained documents about surveillance of Trump team officials. But Nunes’s revelation was extremely vague: First, he repeatedly said he did not yet have all the facts. Second, he said that all surveillance appeared to have been lawful, and involved Trump transition team officials whose information was “incidentally collected” in the course of communication with foreign nationals under legal surveillance. He said he was concerned about “unmasking” of U.S. persons—citizens’ names and information are generally redacted, or masked, unless somehow relevant. But Nunes could not or would not say who or why it appeared “inappropriate,” in his words.
Even stranger was Nunes’s handling of this revelation, which came from a source he would not reveal. Despite having only partial information, he did not inform Schiff or other members of the committee. Instead, he briefed Speaker Paul Ryan, made a public announcement, and then went to the White House to brief Trump. Although Nunes continued to say that Trump’s claims of having been “wiretapped” by President Obama were baseless, the cloak-and-dagger handling, along with Nunes’s close ties to the president, elicited accusations that he was trying to throw Trump a political lifeline. Whether or not that was true, the president took it that way. He said on Wednesday that he felt “somewhat” vindicated, and Press Secretary Sean Spicer again used the v-word on Thursday.
Schiff was furious. He blasted Nunes in a press conference, accusing him of “act[ing] as a White House surrogate.” Then Schiff went on MNSBC’s Meet the Press Daily, where he announced that there was evidence that was “more than circumstantial” of collusion between Russia and the Trump administration.
On Thursday, Nunes gestured toward making nice, apologizing to the committee for going to Trump before he spoke with Schiff. But in a contradictory move, he later told reporters he did not regret handling the situation in the way he did. Nunes also seemed to back away from some of his comments on Wednesday, with a spokesman telling ABC News the chairman did not know for sure whether Trump or any of his associates were even on the communications he had cited.
Later Thursday, he went on the Fox News show of close Trump confidant Sean Hannity, where he explained that he had felt “a duty and obligation” to brief the president “because as you know he’s taking a lot of heat in the news media. The answer seems to validates concerns that Nunes is acting more as a Trump ally then as the head of an independent congressional investigation.
Meanwhile, Schiff built on his “evidence” comments in an interview with CNN. “I do think that it's appropriate to say that it's the kind of evidence that you would submit to a grand jury at the beginning of an investigation,” the former federal prosecutor said. “It's not the kind of evidence that you take to a trial jury when you're trying to prove something beyond a reasonable doubt.”
Finally, Fox News reported that GOP investigators in Congress “expect a potential ‘smoking gun’ establishing that the Obama administration spied on the Trump transition team, and possibly the president-elect himself.”
That brings things to Friday, and the latest public bout between Schiff and Nunes. Nunes has put himself in an apparently untenable situation, in which he feels compelled to act as both investigator and ally of the president. By coming forth with new information, he has opened up an enormous set of questions, but because the information is incomplete and, presumably, classified, he cannot and will not put any of those questions to rest, as his increasingly quizzical exchanges with reporters show. Meanwhile, the sniping between the chair and ranking member casts doubt on whether the House investigation can proceed, or whether it can be perceived as credible. It’s hard to imagine that the committee could become any more dysfunctional—but given the week’s pattern, just wait a few hours.



ARTICLE
At a press conference in mid-February, Donald Trump said something that was, even for him, astonishing. He predicted that when authorities discovered the perpetrators of the anti-Semitic attacks that had broken out since his election, “It won’t be my people,” who had committed them. “It will be the people on the other side.” He repeated the thought later that month, reportedly telling state attorneys general that the bomb threats against Jewish Community Centers across the country may be “the reverse” of what they appear and may have been committed “to make others look bad.”
Democrats and officials of Jewish organizations officials were appalled. Jonathan Greenblatt, chief executive of the Anti-Defamation League, declared: “We are astonished by what the President reportedly said.” Steven Goldstein, executive director of the Anne Frank Center, which combats bigotry, asked, “Mr. President, have you no decency? To cast doubt on the authenticity of Anti-Semitic hate crimes in America constitutes Anti-Semitism in itself.” When the Trump adviser Anthony Scaramucci repeated Trump’s claims, Democratic Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer called them “absurd and obscene.”
But it now appears that Trump may have been, partially, right. On Thursday, Israeli police arrested a Jewish Israeli American teenager for leveling some of the bomb threats. Earlier this month, prosecutors charged Juan Thompson, an African American who had previously worked at a left-leaning publication, with some of the others. There’s no evidence that either suspect tried to frame Trump supporters or white supremacists. And it’s still possible that right-wingers called in other bomb threats, or committed some of the other anti-Semitic incidents that have erupted since Trump’s election. Still, if two of the primary perpetrators of the JCC bomb scares turn out to be a Jewish Israeli and a left-leaning African American, that will, indeed, turn out to be “the reverse” of what Trump’s critics expected.
Trump’s critics—and I’m one of them—should learn from that.
Many critics have a narrative in their heads: That Trump and his supporters think and do bigoted things. It did not come out of nowhere. Trump really did say that “Islam hates us” and that a judge could not be impartial because he was Mexican American. He really did run a closing campaign ad that featured three Jews alongside language about “special interests” and a “global power structure” that has “trillions of dollars at stake in this election.” Most of his supporters really do dislike Muslims, according to polls. And some of them assaulted African Americans who protested Trump’s rallies.
Still, narratives can explain too much. Trump is like the kid in class who perpetually misbehaves. Liberals—especially Jewish liberals—risk becoming the teacher who sees graffiti written on a locker and sends him to the principal without carefully checking the handwriting.
It’s not just the JCC bomb scares. It’s become commonplace to hear Jewish liberals claim that, in the words of former Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Trump has given “license and permission to anti-Semites” and thus “opened the floodgates” for anti-Semitic attacks.
But have the floodgates really opened? According to the FBI, anti-Semitic incidents did rise 9 percent between 2014 and 2015, when Trump announced his candidacy. And New York City has announced that there were substantially more anti-Semitic incidents during the first two months of 2017 than during the equivalent period in 2016. But neither the FBI nor the Anti-Defamation League has yet reported national data for 2016. And defining what constitutes an anti-Semitic incident is tricky. If the JCC bomb threats—many of which appear to have been carried out by an Israeli Jew—boost the numbers, does that really show that anti-Semitism is rising in Trump’s America?
If data on rising anti-Semitism is thin, data on rising anti-Semitism by Trump supporters is even thinner. The ADL did find last year that many of the anti-Semitic tweets directed at Jewish journalists came from pro-Trump accounts. Still, there’s no evidence that Trump supporters are behind the recent spike in anti-Semitic incidents, if there even is a real spike. And a February Pew Research Center poll found that Republicans and evangelical Christians—two core Trump constituencies—feel even more favorably towards Jews than Democrats do. Since Trump’s takeover of the GOP, Republican fondness for Jews has actually increased.
If liberals have been too quick to blame Trump supporters for anti-Semitism, they’ve also been too quick to blame Trump’s advisors. Liberals frequently hurl the charge at Steve Bannon or his old publication, Breitbart. But the two Breitbart articles critics most commonly call anti-Semitic—an attack on the Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol that called him a “renegade Jew” and an attack on the Washington Post columnist Anne Applebaum that called her “a Polish, Jewish, American elitist scorned”—were both written by Jews. And even the former Breitbart columnist Ben Shapiro, who calls Bannon “one of the most vicious people in politics,” doesn’t think he’s an anti-Semite. Jewish liberals often accuse Sebastian Gorka of anti-Semitism too because of his associations with far-right groups in Hungary. Yet they’ve never produced a single anti-Semitic thing he’s said.
The problem is this. Trump really is fomenting hate against certain groups. He’s called Islam America’s enemy. Gorka won’t even acknowledge that Islam is a religion. Bannon has proposed closing “seditious” mosques. Breitbart hypes every act of violence by a Muslim or an undocumented Mexican against a white person. What’s happening to Jews, by contrast, is far less severe. Yes, Trump was slow to condemn anti-Semitic attacks. Yes, his presidency pleases alt-right white nationalists like Richard Spencer. But unlike Muslims and immigrant Mexicans, Jews wield influence in the Trump White House. They’re mostly white. They’re highly assimilated. And Republicans like them. There’s a reason that, according to Pew, Republicans are almost thirty points more likely to feel warmly towards Jews than towards Muslims. Republicans consider Jews part of the West.
For Jews, this is strange. When they see their government foment hyper-nationalist bigotry, their historical memory inclines them to see themselves as its target. But for the most part, they’re not. As opportunists usually do, Trump and his advisors are going after weaker prey: less assimilated minorities who Fox News has already been demonizing for a decade or more. Anti-Semitism isn’t central to this spasm of American nativism in the way it was a century ago. There’s nothing wrong with being vigilant about anti-Semitism so long as it doesn’t blind you to reality. Strange though Jews may find it, this time they aren’t the main show.



ARTICLE
Michael Anton warned last year that 2016 was the Flight 93 election: “Charge the cockpit or you die.”
Americans charged. Donald Trump became president of the United States. And Anton, the author of that now-notorious essay, is helping to fly the plane—running communications for the National Security Council.
Anton cuts a curious figure through the Trump White House. A thoroughly educated dandy, his writings are at the core of an effort to construct an intellectual framework around the movement that elected a president who has shown no inclination to read books and who speaks in an unpretentious New York vernacular.
Listen to the audio version of this article:Download the Audm app for your iPhone to listen to more titles.
"I’m a huge admirer,” White House chief strategist Steve Bannon said. “I think Michael is one of the most significant intellects in this nationalist movement.”
And like that movement itself, he’s been repeatedly accused of advancing bigoted views. “Trump Aide Derided Islam, Immigration And Diversity, Embraced An Anti-Semitic Past,” reads the headline of a Huffington Post profile, citing a 2016 essay. “‘Diversity’ is not ‘our strength’; it’s a source of weakness, tension and disunion,” Anton wrote, adding later, “Islam is not a “religion of peace”; it’s a militant faith that exalts conversion by the sword and inspires thousands to acts of terror—and millions more to support and sympathize with terror.” Michael Gerson, George W. Bush’s chief speechwriter, charges that Anton’s best known work is tainted by “a residue of prejudice.”
But press coverage has focused at least as much on Anton’s refined tastes and hobbies. It’s unusual, after all, for a high-ranking National Security Council official to have written a book about men’s fashion modeled on Machiavelli’s The Prince, or to have left thousands of comments on a men’s style forum about clothing and fine wines. After writing pro-Donald Trump essays under a pseudonym throughout the campaign, Anton was unmasked by The Weekly Standard earlier this year. Yahoo quickly labeled him the “most interesting man in the White House,” conjuring those Dos Equis ads. Vanity Fair suggested that he was the new Ben Rhodes, the Obama administration’s deputy national security adviser for strategic communications who famously boasted of creating an “echo chamber” to promote the Iran deal.
But maybe the most remarkable thing about Anton is not Anton himself, but how not unusual he is in a White House that is populated by a heterodox set of figures with clashing ideologies, opaque motives, and non-traditional backgrounds.
“I’m a flack,” Anton told me over dinner last month. Of course, as the person in charge of strategic communications at the NSC, he’s more than that. Rather, he could be. After the crisis over former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s contacts with Russia resulted in Flynn’s unceremonious ouster from the administration, those still at the NSC are now able to turn their attention to, well, the actual work of national security. Flynn’s replacement, H.R. McMaster, is beginning to leave his own mark on the council. But some of those associated with Flynn remain, their presence a reminder of an earlier, rougher period of the administration.
Whereas the Obama White House displayed the kind of ideological and political uniformity that enabled Rhodes to be a player by channeling the president’s point of view, the Trump White House is a tangle of competing interests and factions. How do you make an echo chamber when it’s not clear what’s supposed to echo? What use is it to be the leading voice of intellectual Trumpism if, at the end of the day, you’re a comms guy, and the strategy and vision are being mapped out elsewhere?
To use a metaphor close to Anton’s heart: The Roman consul he chose for his pseudonym, Publius Decius Mus, sacrificed himself to inspire his army. Which army is ready to follow Anton?
“If Trump empowered Anton the way Obama empowered Rhodes he could do really great things,” said national security consultant David Reaboi, a friend of Anton’s and Claremont fellow. “It’s only a question of, ‘Is this guy empowered enough by the administration to actually do this stuff?’ The answer is, not yet.”
Reaboi argued that Anton is one of the few in the White House who could effectively channel Trump’s own views. “Trump empowering Anton in that position is something akin to empowering himself, and the ideas that he articulated during the campaign,” Reaboi said. “He is one of only a handful of administration officials who really understand and agree with Trump's own vision of foreign policy.” But the tricky thing about this particular White House is that it’s unclear how much Trump himself subscribes to any particular set of theories.
“President Obama had a very well developed worldview and I understood what he wanted to say,” Rhodes told me. “Therefore there was clarity in what the message was … It’s difficult to execute that kind of role if the president doesn’t have a clear and consistent message.”
“[Anton] came into a very difficult situation and created a functioning press shop,” said Victoria Coates, Anton’s deputy. “It’s apples and oranges,” Coates said of the Rhodes comparison. “It’s not the same position. And I think you can look at other positions in the Trump administration that would be the equivalent of Ben Rhodes’s position, but his one isn’t it.”
Bannon had another explanation for why Anton won’t become a second Rhodes: The NSC is different under Trump.
"I'm not trying to disparage Ben Rhodes but I always viewed Ben Rhodes as more operational,” Bannon said. In his view, the Obama administration had "operationalized the NSC.”  
“What President Trump and General McMaster have done is go in the opposite direction, getting the NSC back to its proper role and function,” Bannon said.  
Anton has a "very precise understanding of the processes of communications,” Bannon said, remarking that it was rare in Washington or New York to have a "comms person who is also a deep intellect."
* * *
Trim and handsome at 47, married with two children, Anton spent the previous decade in relative obscurity. After a few years as a speechwriter in the Bush administration’s National Security Council, Anton had a series of corporate jobs and wrote on the side. His subjects ranged far and wide, from cooking—in an essay that describes his brief stint working as a line cook in a French restaurant to learn more about the craft—to Tom Wolfe, whom he considers a friend, to the Beach Boys, to Napa Valley.
Anton’s writing became more topical as the campaign progressed. Fearful of losing his corporate job, with the financial-services firm BlackRock, he chose a pseudonym: Publius Decius Mus, after the Roman consul who sacrificed his life at the Battle of Vesuvius. Under the Decius byline, Anton offered forceful defenses of Trump and aggressive broadsides against those on the right who opposed him.
Anton gave me a long explanation for his nom de plume, including a point-by-point rundown of the battle of Vesuvius as described by Roman historian Livy, as well as an exegesis of the showdown between Hannibal and Fabius Maximus Cunctator at the Battle of Cannae. But it boils down to this: Anton sees in Decius the embodiment of the ideals of Machiavelli, the thinker who has been his lodestar.
“There was no way to break authority’s hold over philosophy without shock therapy,” Anton said of Machiavelli. “He delivered the shock therapy by all the pungent, obnoxious, outrageous things he says in his books, which makes him forever after known as an evil schemer, the devil incarnate, and so on. He knew that would be his fate. He knew that would be what most people would think of him for all of eternity. He did it anyway. He accepted upon himself the opprobrium of the world, in order to assess what he thought was necessary in the liberation of thought from under the thumb of authority. In that sense, he is decent. He didn’t sacrifice his body, his wealth, his life; but he sacrificed his reputation.”
Anton’s views were shaped in California, at the Claremont Graduate University and the Claremont Institute, which went on to become the hotbed of academic Trumpism. His essay on “The Flight 93 Election” delivered instant, albeit pseudonymous, notoriety by expanding on these themes. It argued that the country was headed for certain disaster if Hillary Clinton won, and compared the choice facing voters to that of the passengers on the plane that was hijacked and crashed in Pennsylvania on 9/11.
“To compound the metaphor: a Hillary Clinton presidency is Russian Roulette with a semi-auto,” Anton wrote. “With Trump, at least you can spin the cylinder and take your chances.”
The essay provoked fierce criticism from the very movement conservatives Anton savages in the piece as “keepers of the status quo.” (Some of their anger has not tempered with time; the former Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol, who has known Anton for years and whose magazine has repeatedly published his work, recently compared Anton to the Nazi political theorist Carl Schmitt.) But for Anton and his allies, this only proved the point.
"I think everybody that was really paying attention to this realized that the Republican orthodoxy and a lot of the conservative movement had gone in this intellectual cul de sac ... many of these hacks had really become disconnected to what America really is and where the American people really are,” White House chief strategist Steve Bannon told me. “I thought it was incredibly powerful" and a "seminal moment" where Trumpism "really started to get an intellectual basis,” Bannon said.
Peter Thiel recommended Anton to Bannon, who in turn recommended him to Flynn. According to Anton, Thiel figured out he was Decius after asking around.
"This Trump movement is not going away, this populist nationalist movement,” Bannon said. “I realize the Permanent Political Class (Republican Division)—those people on Capitol Hill—wish it would go away.”
* * *
In the Palm Court ballroom at the Mayflower Hotel in Washington last Thursday, the Claremonsters gathered.
The Claremont Institute was holding an event: “Conservatism in the Trump Era,” reception to follow. Around four o’clock, a procession of suits filed into the ballroom, some on grey-haired academic types, some on sharply-coiffed young guys with the look of congressional staffers or K Streeters on the make. The White House official Sebastian Gorka, under fire that day for reported ties to a Hungarian far-right group, showed up about halfway through and was surrounded by well-wishers.
The Claremont event could have been any stuffy think-tank klatsch in Washington; an older crowd, mostly white, listening to scholars expound on ideas. But the cognitive dissonance of this kind of high minded event as applied to freewheeling, proudly anti-intellectual Trumpism was hard to shake.
It’s Claremont, though, that has led the charge in applying an intellectual and historical context to Trump—and Claremont that found a middle road between anti-Trump thinkers elsewhere in the conservative movement, and the aggressive populist nationalism of the Breitbart universe. The community of academics, writers, and think tankers who have emerged from Claremont Graduate University and nearby Institute have made efforts to meld Trump’s aggressive nationalism with traditional conservatism, and in doing so have made themselves arguably more relevant than the anti-Trump conservatives still holding out at National Review or The Weekly Standard. And the Claremont Review of Books, in particular, has provided a platform, especially since publishing “The Flight 93 Election.” (Bannon is a fan of the publication: “It commands your attention and respect,” he said, calling it The New York Review of Books for the right.)
“We’ve been for a long time trying to figure out what American conservatism is and Trump is just a natural evolution in our long term interest in conservatism and conservative politics and conservative politicians,” said Charles Kesler, editor of the Claremont Review of Books and a former professor of Anton’s.
Kesler compared “The Flight 93 Election” to Thomas Paine’s “Common Sense.” “American politics often is galvanized by a sweeping journalistic charge ahead of public opinion and ahead even of political opinion,” he said, “that warns about the direction that the country is taking.”
“The Claremont project as relates to Trump is not to give Trump an intellectual background for what he’s saying, but to try to explain to intellectuals what Trump is trying to do,” said Brian Kennedy, a former president of Claremont who has known Anton since the 1990s.
Claremont, and Anton, are shaped by the peculiar politics of California, a state buffeted by competing cultural and political forces in the postwar era; immigration, the tech boom, and decades of mostly liberal governance. They see themselves as part of the West Coast branch of devotees of the political philosopher Leo Strauss, distinguishing themselves from the East Coast branch, more closely associated with the neoconservative movement.
“The promise of California has soured,” Kesler told me. Anton “doesn’t want California to be the harbinger of what happens to America.”
“Claremont back then was trying to apply Strauss’s appreciation of philosophy to the modern political setting, especially in California,” Kennedy said. “If you could win California back for the cause of limited government, if you could get California right, then the country could follow. I won’t say we failed, but it was a much bigger task than anybody could have imagined.”
The project is high-minded, and Claremont’s scholarly image potentially alienating. Too alienating for some.
“You’ve got to have some middlebrow expression of Trumpism,” said one Washington conservative who speaks regularly with Trump. “Until People magazine or more precisely Time magazine can do some Nancy Gibbs cover story on what Trumpism is, there’s a problem. It can’t just be the vulgar dumbness of Breitbart or the kind of Aeschylus-quoting weirdness of Michael Anton.”  
Even some at the Claremont event voiced doubts about the viability of Trumpism as an ideology.
“We don’t know much about his reading habits. Let’s face it, he has not shown much interest in turning himself into an ‘ism,’” said Kesler, during a panel on “Recovering American Conservatism. “Steve Bannon and other people around him may be interested in creating a Trumpism, and that is certainly true of many of our friends who wrote vigorously in defense of Trump during the campaign, were looking to find the Trumpism in Trump. And there may be something there, but I don’t think there’s much evidence of it so far.”
The Claremont Institute has always remained proudly outside of Washington, as far away as one can get within the contiguous United States. But it’s beginning to make inroads here. It recently opened a small office in Washington.
But even with Anton ensconced in the West Wing, it has a long way to go. “Saying that the Claremont crowd is powerful in DC is a type of wishcasting,” Reaboi said. “It’s still an arduous slog because everything is very entrenched.”  
* * *
When I had dinner with Anton in February, it had been about a week since Flynn left the administration in disgrace over his contacts with the Russian ambassador and for having subsequently mislead Vice President Mike Pence.
I found Anton waiting for me at the bar of the Hotel Dupont, wearing a sharply tailored suit and looking impatient. We started going through the biographical questions—he was born in Sacramento because his parents were in law school there; his parents divorced, and he ended up in Santa Cruz as a child; he attended Berkeley and UC Davis as an undergraduate; and got his graduate degrees from St. John’s and from Claremont. He spent three months working for Arianna Huffington, a gig Andrew Breitbart was next to hold. After that, speechwriting for former California governor Pete Wilson. Then for Rudy Giuliani. Then the Bush administration.
A glass broke right next to us. “That’s on the record,” Anton said. He took a call from a reporter. Then had to call another White House official. (Reporters, he said later, “call me all the fucking time. They call and call and call.”)
Anton says he likes the gig. “This is like sport for me,” he told me at the bar at the Hotel Dupont. “I enjoy this. I have fun with it … it’s like working in a restaurant. It’s like working the line.”
Later in the night, over dinner, Anton acknowledged that this was a very different job than what he was doing before, writing as Decius.
“I don’t even wage spiritual war on behalf of the Trump administration in the way Decius, in the Machiavellian sense—the way I was doing it before,” Anton said.
Anton’s story of political conversion is a classic tale on the right: one of disgust with overzealous campus leftists.
“I mean, you’ve got to understand, Berkeley is insane,” Anton said. “There was a window-smashing riot right down Telegraph Avenue the first month I was there. Still don’t know what the cause of it was. Nobody knows. It just happened. People treated it like a tornado: ‘Oh yeah, just a weather front that passed through.’ It’s what happened, here.”
As a College Republican in the 1987-1988 school year, Anton said he watched students walking by the group’s table out in the plaza and saying “Sieg Heil.” The incident stuck in his craw. More recently, Anton has come under fire in the press for his writings questioning diversity and defending the America First Committee.
“What other card does the left have to play?” Anton said. “Everybody’s a Nazi. Everywhere you look there’s a Nazi. Is America a giant Nuremberg rally to these people? It’s so trivial. It’s like the whole world is becoming Berkeley.”
Anton was a Republican by 1988 and cast his first-ever presidential ballot for George H.W. Bush. Within two or three years, he began reading Leo Strauss, the political philosopher who had deeply influenced many on the American right, particularly the neoconservative movement.
He arrived at Claremont in the mid-1990s, quickly gaining a reputation as a dandy for his tastes in food and clothing. “Most graduate students are not well dressed and interested in wines and food and cooking,” Kesler said. “He took a lot of ribbing.” Anton became a disciple of the Straussian thinker Harry Jaffa, who taught at Claremont.
In 1995, he described his wish for a “conservative bohemia” in The Weekly Standard:

Restaurants and cafes are only the beginning. We'll need a few bars. But our bars will be different--they won't be places where screeching bands destroy patrons' hearing, where people whose haircuts suggest that their heads have been caught in threshing machines sit on their duffs and throw around words like "oppression" and "hegemony." The bars of conservative bohemia will have names like "Churchill's" and inside, people will drink Sam Adams and crusted port while the gentle cadences of Brahms and the ethereal voice of Ella Fitzgerald sooth their savage breasts. Imagine what the conversations would be like: Instead of familiar bohemia assaults on the System, one would hear something like this: "So, you see, poverty programs are a prime culprit in the disintegration of the family" or “I suppose Richard II is good on the problem of tyranny, but I think Macbeth gets much closer to the heart of it. Another round of Coors?"

“It didn’t work out,” Anton told me of his utopian vision. “Claremont grad school was in a way a kind of conservative bohemia, but it was too far out in the suburbs to really matter in that way and we were all too damn busy. We had all these courses to take, books to read, papers to write, exams and stuff just to sit around and scribble.”
Still, they had fun. Anton and a few other guys lived in a house dubbed the “Strauss House,” since only Straussians lived therein. Anton considers himself a West Coast Straussian, though he rejects the idea that it’s an ideology. (“Ideology is just—and I get this from Strauss—an invention of Hegel.”) Kesler recalled Anton helping his wife cook dinner for 37 people once, making some of the food at his own apartment when a burner on Kesler’s stove went out.
We were joined for drinks and dinner by Chris Buskirk, a friend of Anton’s and fellow Claremonster. Buskirk edits American Greatness, the publication that arose after The Journal of American Greatness, which Anton as Decius had also written for, became defunct. Buskirk, who is based in Arizona and hosts a talk-radio show, was in town for the Conservative Political Action Conference, and was fresh off a party in New York the previous night for the launch party for the American Affairs Journal, a new publication founded by pro-Trump intellectuals Julius Krein and Gladden Pappin.
“Kristol was there, right?” Anton asked.
“Briefly, briefly,” Buskirk said.
“Did he like, freak out or anything?”
“Not there,” Buskirk said.
Over the course of the evening, Anton relaxed. Buskirk and I shared the burrata, while Anton ordered his own appetizer (“I have to get the pig cheeks”) and made a fuss with the waiter about whether we would be able to send back a specific bottle of white wine free of charge if it had oxidized. Machiavelli wrote: “This is the way things are: whenever one tries to escape one danger one runs into another. Prudence consists in being able to assess the nature of a particular threat and in accepting the lesser evil.” Anton, having assessed the risks, decided they were too great. We went with a different bottle.




ARTICLE
On Thursday, the Affordable Care Act celebrated its seventh birthday. On Friday, it just might celebrate a most unlikely reprieve.
In a take-it-or-leave-it message delivered by his senior advisers to Capitol Hill, President Trump late Thursday told bickering House Republicans they had one final opportunity to repeal and replace the health-care law they have decried since its enactment. At the president’s behest, Speaker Paul Ryan on Friday will call a vote on the American Health Care Act and dare recalcitrant conservatives to defeat it. If the bill fails, Trump plans to keep Obamacare in place and move on with other parts of his agenda—a move that would enrage conservative activists while conceding an enormous defeat for the new administration.
“We are done negotiating,” Representative Chris Collins of New York, a Trump ally, told reporters after Republicans held what was described as an emotional meeting in the Capitol basement. The president sent his chief of staff, Reince Priebus, and top advisers Steve Bannon and Kellyanne Conway to the meeting. Mick Mulvaney, the budget director and a former member of the hardline House Freedom Caucus, delivered Trump’s ultimatum to his former congressional colleagues.
“This is our moment in time, and the president is insisting on a vote tomorrow one way or another,” Mulvaney told them, according to Collins.
The decision follows days of frenzied negotiations at the Capitol and at the White House, as Trump summoned one group of wavering lawmakers after another for round-the-clock talks. The bill lawmakers are considering on Friday will include an amendment that represents the offer that members of the Freedom Caucus rejected as insufficient on Thursday afternoon. It eliminates Obamacare’s requirement that insurance plans cover maternity care, addiction treatment, hospitalization, and several other “essential health benefits.” Conservatives argue that scrapping the mandate would help lower premiums. But they were pushing the White House to agree to repeal other provisions that constitute the most popular elements of the health law, including the ban on lifetime coverage caps and insurers’ discriminating based on preexisting conditions. Republican leaders rejected that request, however, because they were sure it would cost them dozens of other votes that would sink the bill’s chances.
As it stands, the American Health Care Act is unlikely to pass the Senate in its current form. But Republican leaders need to get it out of the House first.
So Trump is making his risky bet and gambling that rank-and-file Republicans will stick by him in a high-stakes vote. Exiting the meeting, several members predicted the party would fall in line. As Representative Glenn Grothman, a Wisconsin freshman, put it afterward: “Who wants to be the butt-head that keeps Obamacare going?”
Inside the meeting, supporters of the bill stood up, one by one, to rally their colleagues. Representative Brian Mast of Florida, a first-term Republican who lost both his legs fighting in Afghanistan, brought members to their feet with a call for the party to unify and accept a compromise. “I’ve never been in a battle where we’ve only had to fire one shot. I’ve never been in a battle with a perfect plan,” he told them, according to Representative Matt Gaetz, another Floridian. Representative Tom McClintock of California read passages from Ben Franklin’s speeches to the Constitutional Convention.
Gaetz cast Friday’s vote as an existential moment both for the Republican majority in the House and for Trump’s presidency. If it fails, he told reporters, “we’ll have the opportunity to watch a unified Democratic caucus impeach Donald Trump in two years when we lose the majority.”
Republicans were clearly short of votes heading into Thursday night’s meeting. The only question was by how many. Party leaders had postponed a vote they had long planned to hold on the Obamacare anniversary, unable to win over conservatives without losing too many moderate members who feared the bill’s impact on insurance coverage, Medicaid, and premium rates. Trump’s ultimatum may have come too late: About a dozen Republicans representing swing districts or Democratic states had already publicly announced their opposition and will have a hard time flipping based on so baldly political an appeal.
There was more hope among conservatives in the Freedom Caucus, who secured at least a partial win in the agreement to repeal Obamacare’s essential health amendment. Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina, the group’s chairman, emerged from the meeting saying he was still against the bill but that he could not speak for his members.
Still, the changes did not stifle the opposition of outside conservative groups who have vowed to punish Republicans who support the bill and protect those who vote against it. Nor did a revised cost estimate from the Congressional Budget Office provide lawmakers with any cover. Scoring changes announced Monday to the Medicaid and tax-credit portions of the bill, the CBO found that they would cost nearly $200 billion more without lowering premiums or stemming the expected loss of 24 million people from the insurance rolls over a decade. Lawmakers won’t be able to see a final budget estimate before Friday’s vote. In addition to the repeal of essential health benefits, the Trump-backed amendment will keep in place a tax increase on wealthy Americans for another six years to help finance more generous tax credits for older and lower-income people.
Whether those last-minute revisions can win a majority on Friday is unclear, setting up a moment of high drama at the Capitol. After years of promises and weeks of negotiations, Republicans are faced with a choice many of them don’t want to make: Vote for a bill that doesn’t fully repeal Obamacare and, according to a new poll, is even more unpopular than the law it’d replace. “I wish it were over,” one exhausted lawmaker conceded with a sigh on Thursday afternoon.
If the vote fails, the end of the GOP’s long campaign against the Affordable Care Act might come on Friday—whether the law’s most conservative critics want to admit it or not.



ARTICLE
Get ready for the “mommy tax.”
One of the most powerful arguments against House Republicans’ embattled legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act has been that it imposes an “age tax” by raising health-insurance premiums and out-of-pocket expenses for older, working adults.
To woo recalcitrant conservatives whose resistance forced the House leadership to delay a vote on the legislation Thursday, Republicans are considering changes to the bill that could not only compound that problem, but also significantly raise the cost and diminish the availability of maternity coverage. That’s a shift critics are bound to portray as a tax on motherhood.
More broadly, many health-insurance experts say, the latest round of revisions—which are still under negotiation—would undermine Republican promises to protect consumers with preexisting health conditions and could leave comprehensive health insurance virtually unavailable at almost any price on the individual market.
The changes sought by the conservative House Freedom Caucus attempt to lower the price of insurance premiums by revoking the ACA’s requirement that insurers cover an array of 10 “essential health benefits”—spanning maternity care, mental health, and drug abuse, to hospitalization and outpatient care.
Critics argue such mandates inflate the cost of insurance by requiring consumers to purchase more insurance than they want: The classic example is an older male forced to purchase coverage that includes maternity care.
The problem is that if coverage of needs such as maternity care or mental health is not included in all policies, the only people likely to buy it a la carte are those who expect to use it. And that will rapidly raise the cost of such coverage—if insurers offer it at all.
“The losers would generally be people who want to buy a comprehensive insurance policy,” said Sabrina Corlette, a research professor at the Center on Health Insurance Reforms at Georgetown University. “Because once you give carriers flexibility to design the benefit package, they will do so to attract healthy people. No chump insurance company is going to be out there offering a comprehensive package, because then they'll be stuck with higher-risk enrollees.”
Drew Altman, president of the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation, agrees. “The people who liked their pre-ACA plans were mostly healthy people who wanted cheap limited plans (and see no obligation for risk-sharing),” he wrote in an email. “Those folks will like this. Everyone else: no.”
Such a sweeping and likely disruptive restructuring of the individual insurance market may ultimately antagonize Republican moderates as much as the opportunity to uproot a core regulatory legacy of Obamacare attracts conservatives. On Thursday afternoon, Republican Senator Susan Collins of Maine, who had already expressed opposition to the House bill, raised more concerns about the latest proposals to eliminate the mandatory benefits. “The problem with that is while I would welcome some changes to improve the flexibility of plans that could be sold, we need to remember that the essential health benefits includes substance abuse and mental-health treatment, which are critical to retain for my state given the opioid crisis,” she told reporters. “Preventative care, vaccinations for children save money in addition to saving lives.”
As Collins’s comments show, it’s unclear whether eliminating the guaranteed benefits could attract enough votes in the Senate, even if the chamber’s parliamentarian allows the proposal to be included in a reconciliation bill that’s exempt from filibuster.
Uncertainty over whether the provision will ultimately be included in any final repeal legislation is making House moderates even more reluctant to vote for it—and heightening the two-front, left-right pattern of defection that forced the House GOP leadership Thursday to pull the bill, at least temporarily.
Eliminating the essential health benefits reinforces the core dynamic of the underlying House repeal-and-replace plan. In its analysis of the original bill, the Congressional Budget Office concluded it would lower premiums for younger and healthier consumers, but substantially raise them for people with greater health needs—particularly older, working-age adults. The CBO also predicted that the bill would increase out-of-pocket expenses for consumers in the individual market, because the insurance available would cover less of their total medical costs than it did under the ACA. Reaching a similar conclusion, Kaiser this week calculated that deductibles under the House Republican bill would increase by about 60 percent compared with under the ACA.
Repealing the essential health benefits would intensify this cost shifting, which already threatens to impose the greatest harm on those older, working-age adults who are a predominantly white, Republican-leaning constituency. Whites over 45 provided a majority of Trump’s votes last November and about 60 percent of House Republicans represent districts older than the national average.
The benefits repeal would allow insurers to court younger and healthier people with plans that are less expensive but much skimpier—which would probably satisfy many of those consumers unless and until they have a major health need. “Winners will be those who are healthy and looking for low-premium plans,” Corlette said. “Of course, those folks will need to have savings on hand in case anything serious does happen to them.”
But as those healthier consumers withdraw from the larger risk pool to switch to more threadbare plans, enrollment in the remaining comprehensive plans would tilt further toward those with greater health needs. That creates the classic conditions for what insurance experts call a “death spiral”: As the risk pool for a plan includes more and more expensive customers, insurance companies must raise the price, which further drives away those who are least likely to use the service, undermining the economics even more.
Maternity care captures the dilemma. Before the ACA, experts note, it was rarely available at all and prohibitively expensive when it was, because insurers expected that anyone who purchased it was intending to have a child and thus planned to access the benefits. Such a concentration of users undermines the essence of insurance, which is to pool those at higher- and lower-risk of employing the coverage.
“Virtually all non-group plans excluded maternity care pre-ACA, and if they did offer it, the extra cost relative to plans that excluded it was significantly higher than the cost of a normal birth,” Linda Blumberg, a senior fellow in health policy at the Urban Institute, noted in an email.
Corlette expects that if the proposals in the House GOP bill became law, the individual insurance market would rapidly revert to that state. “On maternity, my guess is you’d see carriers pretty quickly drop that from the benefit package,” she said.
The same might be true of other expensive services—including mental health and drug treatment—used by only a distinct subset of the insured population. By allowing insurance companies to limit what they cover, many experts note, the House bill would undermine its promise to maintain the ACA requirement that the firms provide coverage to all consumers regardless of preexisting conditions. Even with a statutory ban on discriminating based on preexisting health problems, insurers could effectively segment out those with major needs by offering policies that do not cover the treatments they require.
“Preexisting-condition protections are empty promises without EHB,” wrote Blumberg, referring to the ACA’s essential health benefits. “I can’t get rejected for having cancer, but you don’t have to cover my chemotherapy drugs, my radiation therapy, etc. … It throws more and more of the costs of health care back on people when they need to use services.”
The possible repeal of the essential health benefits could also interact with other elements of the House legislation to further diminish the availability of comprehensive insurance in the individual market. The underlying bill contains a so-called “continuous coverage” requirement, which requires insurers to sell to patients at comparable prices regardless of their preexisting health conditions—so long as the patients do not let their insurance coverage lapse.
As Rand Corp. senior economist Christine Eibner noted, that means patients could purchase skimpy insurance plans and only shift to more comprehensive, and expensive, plans when a health need emerges. Rather than face that risk, she predicted, many insurers will refuse to offer comprehensive coverage at all.
“If you allowed very limited plans and you have a continuous-coverage requirement, there’s a scenario where the healthy people all gravitate to these limited-generosity plans so they can switch to these more generous plans when the time comes,” said Eibner, who studies health care. “That raises the question of whether those more generous plans can exist, because if they only have a sick risk pool, do they death spiral? So you have a significant risk that this insurance market becomes bare-bones."
For similar reasons, Blumberg believes that comprehensive insurance in a post-ACA environment might be even less available on the individual market than it was in the pre-ACA world—when it was already rare. “The narrow plans would actually be more common here than was the case in the pre-ACA markets, because of the guaranteed issue under the AHCA,” she wrote. “If I can’t deny sick people outright, I’m going to only offer very low-value policies, so if the sick people enroll I’m not at risk of big claims as an insurer.”
Corlette noted that even if Congress repeals the essential health benefits, Washington would still need to provide some minimum definition of insurance—if only to identify what would qualify for the legislation’s tax credits. But the drive to repeal the mandatory benefits suggests those standards are likely to be minimal.
That means the most important restraint on a shift toward narrow insurance would be states that continue to require robust minimum-benefit packages for policies sold within their borders. But any such attempts would be quickly undermined if Republicans achieve a key second-stage goal in their health-reform vision: allowing any health-insurance plan authorized in any state to be sold in every state.
Under such interstate sale, any state attempting to mandate robust benefits could find their younger and healthier consumers lured away to less expensive and comprehensive plans regulated in less demanding states. For that reason, experts such as Larry Leavitt, Kaiser’s senior vice president, flatly predict that no state could preserve comprehensive insurance requirements in an environment of interstate sale.
“Truly allowing insurance to be sold across state lines would make it impossible for any one state to preserve the kind of risk-pooling in the ACA if it chose to,” he told me earlier this year. “An insurer operating in a less regulatory state could always undercut an insurer operating in a more highly regulated state.”
In all these ways and more, the House GOP bill’s latest iteration would shift the individual insurance market, perhaps radically, toward a model that many conservatives favor: low-cost, high-deductible plans that largely cover only catastrophic expenses and require consumers to pay more medical costs from their own pocket. What’s not clear is whether consumers whose principal complaint about the ACA is that it already costs them too much would be equally enthusiastic about such a change.



ARTICLE
This week at Wellesley College, six professors who serve on the Commission on Race, Ethnicity, and Equity, a committee at the highly selective liberal arts school, sent an email to fellow faculty members urging a radical shift in campus culture. Under the status quo, the Northwestern professor Laura Kipnis, a feminist cultural critic, was invited to speak on campus, despite her controversial view that academia’s approach to regulating sexual conduct is doing harm to female students.
The Wellesley professors find that status quo too permissive.
So they urged new norms that would eschew invitations to speakers like Kipnis. Their premise: “There is no doubt that the speakers in question impose on the liberty of students, staff, and faculty.” Knowing many will be skeptical of that premise, I present their argument at length, in their words, in the order that they appear.
Their email first expressed particular concern for Wellesley students, “who often feel the injury most acutely and invest time and energy in rebutting the speakers’ arguments.” In their telling, “students object in order to affirm their humanity,” and  lest you think otherwise, “this work is not optional; students feel they would be unable to carry out their responsibilities as students without standing up for themselves.”
The expressed feelings of students are not to be questioned, for who is qualified to know their minds?

...we object to the notion that onlookers who are part of the faculty or administration are qualified to adjudicate the harm described by students, especially when so many students have come forward. When dozens of students tell us they are in distress as a result of a speaker’s words, we must take these complaints at face value.

Yet failing to anticipate their feelings may constitute negligence:

What is especially disturbing about this pattern of harm is that in many cases, the damage could have been avoided. The speakers who appeared on campus presented ideas that they had published, and those who hosted the speakers could certainly anticipate that these ideas would be painful to significant portions of the Wellesley community.

Before Kipnis spoke, for example, three Wellesley students posted a video, “Shutting Down Bullshit,” taking issue with her ideas.* Then a Wellesley professor disparaged the video. “In light of these events,” the email states, “we recommend the following: First, those who invite speakers to campus should consider whether, in their zeal for promoting debate, they might, in fact, stifle productive debate by enabling the bullying of disempowered groups … Second, standards of respect and rigor must remain paramount when considering whether a speaker is actually qualified for the platform granted by an invitation to Wellesley.”
Here’s how they flesh out who is “actually qualified”:

In the case of an academic speaker, we ask that the Wellesley host not only consider whether the speaker holds credentials, but whether the presenter has standing in his/her/their discipline. This is not a matter of ideological bias. Pseudoscience suggesting that men are more naturally equipped to excel in STEM fields than women, for example, has no place at Wellesley. Similar arguments pertaining to race, ethnicity, sexuality, religion, and other identity markers are equally inappropriate.

Finally, they write, “faculty and administrators should step up in defense of themselves and all members of the Wellesley community. The responsibility to defend the disempowered does not rest solely with students, and the injuries suffered by students, faculty, and staff are not contained within the specific identity group in question; they ripple throughout our community and prevent Wellesley from living out its mission.” That is a nearly comprehensive account of their arguments.
But those arguments fail. While they certainly do not reflect the beliefs of most faculty members or students on American campuses, they deserve to be challenged, to prevent their spread. Adopting them would do grave harm to Wellesley and its students, as one might expect of a framework literally inspired by an impulse to shut down a feminist intellectual.
In fact, I would wager that none of the signatories would urge this same approach if they were teaching at a different institution where their world views did not enjoy a place of privilege.
Consider the implications of their approach.
Most curiously, their email denounces the hypothesis that men are more equipped than women to excel in STEM fields—and “similar arguments pertaining to race, ethnicity, sexuality, religion, and other identity markers”—only to embrace the implicit assumption that women (the identity marker germane to the Kipnis controversy) are somehow unequipped to hear critiques of Title IX, so much so that a talk given by a dissident feminist will predictably cause “distress,” “damage,” and “injury.”
This is pernicious nonsense that smacks of long discredited sexist stereotypes. Wellesley women are formidable. They can get through a Laura Kipnis lecture unharmed.
Second, it is preposterous to imply that Kipnis’s ideas are an attack on the humanity of students, requiring them to rebut her “in order to affirm their humanity,” as if she has ever argued that any subset of Wellesley women are subhuman. That formulation adds unearned rhetorical heft; it is totally inaccurate.
What’s more, the notion that college students are “injured” by the work of formulating rebuttals to arguments that strike them as wrongheaded or offensive is backwards. Such work is the surest way to acquire a superlatively empowering skill.
Such work is core to a residential college’s learning model.
And so, the faculty members err again when declaring that such work is “not optional.” Every day, on college campuses throughout the United States, speakers assert beliefs or arguments that many students regard as deeply wrongheaded.
For better or worse, the vast majority opt to forgo any further action.
A reality so obvious can only be lost on faculty members and students who so rarely encounter views on campus with which they profoundly disagree that they can conceive of having time to rebut them all. Talk to an orthodox Christian or Jew or a devout Muslim at a secular college, or a conservative or libertarian at an Ivy League college, or a radical feminist at Hillsdale College or Liberty University. You’ll find that even the few who speak up in defense of their values or identity with relative frequency nevertheless opt to let many things pass in the course of four years, including scores if not hundreds of speeches that they simply do not attend.
The canard such a commonplace is not possible can only overburden Wellesley’s most over-scrupulous young minds. Let them abide some things they cannot change.
As to the premise that a student’s feeling of distress must not be questioned and that ideas likely to cause distress to students should be preemptively kept off campus, I find it hard to believe the signatories would adhere to their own standards. Surely Hillary Clinton, the most famous Wellesley alumna, has the capacity, on her occasional visits to her alma mater, to say some things that cause distress to, say, an international student from a Muslim country, who might object to Clinton’s support for drone strikes, sanctions, repressive dictators, and military invasions. If some students preemptively claimed distress would that be reason to never ask her back?
The New York Times Magazine highlighted a sensitive subject in its 2014 article “When Women Become Men at Wellesley.” Should the campus avoid inviting any outside speakers who would distress students on either side of that debate? By the logic of the email, those students would have no option but to do the injurious work of formulating counterarguments, robbing them of their liberty itself.
As for the advice that Wellesley should consider not only whether a speaker holds academic “credentials,” but also “whether the presenter has standing in his/her/their discipline,” the signatories to the letter have unwittingly illustrated a core incoherence in their project—even while conceiving of themselves as advocating on behalf of “the relatively disempowered,” they insist, without seeing a contradiction, on a protocol that inherently advantages the relatively powerful.
The signatories are, in fact, confident that they inhabit a system where credentials and professional standing reliably accrue to the sorts of speakers that they find enlightening—even as the unenlightened sort is relatively disempowered within academia.
Credentials and standing do not reliably accrue to the marginalized!
What’s more, if they applied their standard, they would have to refrain from extending a speaking invitation to, say, a feminist economist whose radical ideas put her far out of the mainstream among her largely male colleagues, causing her to lack “standing in her discipline.” But it is hard to imagine the signatories applying their suggested standard in that case. It is hard to believe they really believe in it beyond its perceived utility for excluding the sorts of speakers they dislike.
In bygone eras, many college students have expressed genuine, deeply held distress at ideas as varied as the equality of races, humankind’s evolution from apes, the wisdom of extending the franchise to women, the injustice of punishing gay sex, and the propriety of allowing gays to marry (a position that Wellesley’s most famous alumna came to many decades after graduating, and some years after Dick Cheney).
Today, six Wellesley faculty members are urging that their students be kept from ideas on the basis of finding them distressful, a standard that, applied with sufficient success, would have delayed or prevented all of the aforementioned advances. That context underscores the hubristic arrogance in their framework: They write as if, uniquely in history, the feelings of their students, shaped by their guidance, will prove so infallible that they can abandon the enlightenment idea that it is folly to close oneself to rebuttals as if certain one is right.
The framework of the signatories, who misunderstand the nature of hierarchy and power, imposes high risks indeed on the marginalized, with precious few benefits in return. It is exceedingly rare for a faction to be so marginalized as to be imperiled by mere speech, yet simultaneously powerful enough to have it suppressed; even as it is very common for the powerful to leverage any framework that restricts speech, often in a manner that adds to the repression of the disempowered.
Faculty at a women’s college ought to know this better than most. Surveying the equality of women, or lack thereof, across eras and countries, for all of recorded history, peaks of empowerment occur under liberal, post-enlightenment regimes, where formerly radical ideas, deeply offensive to many, could be asserted by feminist trailblazers with nothing powerful on their side save superior strength of reason. So long as that tradition persists, Wellesley’s women will excel, even if a misguided faction of their professors push a disempowering, anti-intellectual message: that events with speakers like Kipnis can “prevent Wellesley from living out its mission.”
On the contrary, they are indispensable to its mission.
*This article originally stated that the student video was posted after Laura Kipnis spoke. We regret the error.



ARTICLE
The U.S. House canceled tonight’s vote on the Republican plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, after the White House and the conservative House Freedom Caucus failed to reach a deal on the legislation. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer announced that Democrats will try to filibuster President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, saying the judge “was unable to sufficiently convince me that he’d be an independent check” on the White House. U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May said Khalid Masood, the perpetrator of an attack Wednesday in London that killed three people, was British-born and known to the country’s intelligence services. ISIS has claimed responsibility. The U.S. Senate voted to repeal a set of rules requiring internet providers to get users’ permission before selling their browsing history and location data.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

More on Trump and Russia: On Wednesday night, CNN reported that the FBI has information suggesting Trump associates “communicated with suspected Russian operatives to possibly coordinate the release of information damaging to Hillary Clinton’s campaign.” On Thursday, the White House dismissed the story.
A President’s Self-Evaluation: In his Time interview, Trump brushed aside criticism that he doesn’t always adhere to facts and evidence: “I’m a very instinctual person, but my instinct turns out to be right.” (Michael Scherer)
When a ‘City’s Students Vanish’: On February 15, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents raided a section of Las Cruces, New Mexico, a city near the U.S.-Mexico border. The next day, 2,100 of the public school district’s students missed class. (Jonathan Blitzer, The New Yorker)
A Rock and a Hard Place: Rich Lowry offers a gloomy forecast for Republicans in Congress: If the new health-care bill becomes law, they’ll spend years working to fix it. But if it doesn’t, “the rest of President Donald Trump’s legislative agenda may sink with it.” (Politico)
The Real Immigration Issue: The Trump administration’s efforts to curb immigration with a border wall are “anachronistic,” according to several economists from the University of California, San Diego. Demographic trends already show slowed immigration, they argue, which will affect the future availability of low-skill labor. (Craig Torres, Bloomberg)
 
All in Favor?: These charts show how many House Republicans support the party’s health-care bill—and who’s leaning toward “no.” (The New York Times)
Monday marked the beginning of what will probably be Judge Neil Gorsuch’s toughest job interview: his Supreme Court confirmation hearings. If you were on the Senate Judiciary Committee, what would you ask Gorsuch?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer on Thursday dismissed a recent CNN report claiming the FBI has information to suggest Trump associates may have worked with Russian operatives in an attempt to undermine Hillary Clinton’s campaign.
Spicer argued that the report was flimsy and, by its own admission, offered no definitive proof of coordination. “Let’s actually look at what CNN reported: They reported that anonymous U.S. officials have told them that information indicates that [associates] of the campaign and suspected operatives coordinated, which they admit is not conclusive of anything bordering on collusion.” He added: “There is probably more evidence that CNN colluded with the Clinton campaign to give her debate questions than the Trump campaign gave any kind of collusion.”  
There is no publicly available, conclusive evidence that people in Trump’s orbit colluded with Russian operatives in an attempt to damage Clinton’s bid. Spicer himself emphasized that on Monday, after FBI Director James Comey publicly revealed for the first time that the agency is investigating Russia’s involvement in the election and whether there was any coordination.
But two recent developments have raised the specter of collusion. CNN’s story, published on Wednesday, alleged that “the FBI has information that indicates associates of President Donald Trump communicated with suspected Russian operatives to possibly coordinate the release of information damaging to Hillary Clinton’s campaign.” And earlier on Wednesday, Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, which is also investigating Russia’s role in the election, stated that “there is more than circumstantial evidence now” of collusion, though he did not provide specifics of what that might be.  
When asked by CNN’s Sara Murray Thursday afternoon if he could “say unequivocally that associates of President Trump did not collude with suspected Russian operatives,” Spicer took issue with the ambiguity of the term “associates.” “No, I can’t unequivocally say that nobody ever, in his past, who may or may not have come in contact with him, who sat next to him in a plane,” he said. “The point that I’m making is when you use a term like ‘associate’ ... there’s a reason why you’re doing it, because you don’t have anything concrete,” he added. “What I have a problem with is, specific with the reporting your network did yesterday, is it was one subjective term after another … with no concrete proof that anything happened.”
Spicer also defended the credibility of House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes, who is leading his panel’s examination of the election, but whose public remarks about intelligence have recently caused controversy. On Wednesday, Nunes sent shockwaves through Washington when he claimed that “the intelligence community incidentally collected information about U.S. citizens involved in the Trump transition.” The news did not appear to vindicate Trump’s claim that former President Barack Obama wiretapped him, and Nunes himself has repeatedly said that there’s no evidence of a physical wiretap. The FBI and the Justice Department have indicated that they have no information to support tweets Trump sent earlier this month detailing his Obama allegations.  
Spicer waved off a question from a reporter about whether the White House or an administration official might have given Nunes the information he announced on Wednesday, and which the chairman shared with the president  
“I don’t know what he actually briefed the president on, but I don’t know why he would come up to brief the president on something that we gave him,” Spicer said. “I don’t know that that makes sense. … I’m not aware of it, but it doesn’t really pass the smell test.” On Wednesday, Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, harshly criticized Nunes for the release of the information, which he said “committee members only learned about” when Nunes went public.
Schiff said that Nunes would have to decide if “he’s leading an investigation” or “going to act as a surrogate of the White House.” Spicer, for his part, said the president “absolutely” remains confident in Nunes’s ability to spearhead his committee’s inquiry.



ARTICLE
What are work requirements good for?
Stretching back to the establishment of welfare in the United States, politicians have debated both the practical and moral utility of requiring people to work in order to receive government benefits. Since welfare reform in the 1990s gave states wide latitude to create work requirements in the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families cash-assistance program, Republicans have hankered for a chance to extend those requirements to other safety-net programs, as part of their push to “require everyone who can to work.”
The purpose of work requirements in welfare, according to the Congressional Research Service, is “to offset work disincentives in social assistance programs, promote a culture of work over dependency, and prioritize governmental resources,” in addition to helping lift people out of poverty.
Now, Republicans could take one step closer to having that chance, thanks to a last-minute manager’s amendment that was attached to the GOP’s Obamacare repeal-and-replace bill by House Speaker Paul Ryan. In a fashion similar to TANF, the amendment would give states authority to mandate that “non-disabled, non-elderly, [and] non-pregnant” individuals enrolled in Medicaid engage in some amount of hours of “work activities.”
The measure was put forth to appease party concerns about the legislation, before Thursday’s anticipated showdown between the Freedom Caucus and the bill’s backers on the House floor. But beyond the political motives for the Medicaid work requirement, the provision itself requires scrutiny. Do work requirements even do what Paul Ryan wants them to do, and would they work for Medicaid?
The history of TANF doesn’t entirely conform to Ryan’s assertions that work requirements spur more people to find jobs or the larger goal of “promot[ing] a culture of work over dependency.” Most research does indicate that after the passage of the 1996 welfare-reform bill—the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act—the number of people receiving TANF plummeted, employment among recipients increased, and poverty rates did not increase on account of the requirement. But deeper analysis finds that the employment gains were ephemeral, inconsistent, and have often been questionably attributed to “welfare reform.”
For starters, research from LaDonna Pavetti of the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities indicates that while TANF’s work requirements did translate over the first two years to increased employment or work activity—including volunteer work, community service, and some limited combinations of training, work, and job-seeking—those gains diminished after five years. “You see an initial increase in work, but then people who are not subject to work requirements, their employment rates actually come together,” said Pavetti, who is vice president for family income-support policy at the center. In other words, people who were on TANF and not subject to work requirements saw their employment rates rise in the long-term, even as the people with work requirements lost jobs.
The initial spike from work requirements probably followed proponents’ plan: In the face of pressure—and sometimes aided by state-sponsored training and placement programs—people sought jobs. But those jobs were often low-paying, meaning they could not lift people from poverty as desired, and the newly employed workers were very soon sloughed from employment rolls anyway.
These losses occurred even as employment among people exempt from TANF’s requirements increased over time. That indicates that there were other economic factors that helped sustain long-term employment more than work requirements—including a strong Bill Clinton-era job market and major federal investments in the safety net via Medicaid, the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and child-care grants. The few work requirements that did have some enduring, robust effects, like those in Portland, Oregon, and some communities in California, were coupled with strong training, subsidized work, and placement programs that invested significant time and resources into securing just those results.
Pavetti explained what she described as the central failure of work requirements. “Getting people into the labor system quickly doesn’t necessarily have long-term benefits,” she said. And the reasons are pretty obvious. Low-paying and part-time jobs are usually unstable to begin with, and the vast majority of low-income people who can secure steady employment, including those on Medicaid, already do work.
The remainder of people subject to TANF’s work requirements tend to have major barriers in their lives to employment—including single mothers with young or disabled children, people with mental-health or addiction issues, those who act as primary caregivers to older relatives, or those with functional physical or mental disabilities that don’t meet thresholds to qualify for supplemental insurance. Research from Harvard Medical School researchers in 2006 suggests that at least some of the TANF requirements’ success at shrinking welfare rolls came from simply pushing people already unable to work out of the program and into an even lower rung of poverty.
The only indisputable national success of the TANF work requirement—its reduction of people on welfare rolls—came at a significant cost to millions of people. Today, often because of their lack of access to cash assistance, millions of families and children live in deep poverty, or around $2 a day per person or less, according to researchers Kathryn Edin of Johns Hopkins and H. Luke Shaefer at the University of Michigan. As my colleague Alana Semuels reported last year on Wisconsin’s TANF program, job training and meaningful opportunities for advancement are rare among the program’s recipients, let alone those who become unenrolled from lack of work. In essence, some of the successes attributed to welfare reform in reducing enrollment and costs came from simply making the program less and less accessible for those who fall behind, not from helping people find jobs or lifting them from poverty.
Reports on the application of a TANF-like work requirement for Medicaid forecast some similar effects, but also identified a host of new potential complications given the program’s size, diversity, and complexity. First, research from Hannah Katch, an analyst also at CBPP, indicates that the effect on jobs would be just as inconclusive—or perhaps more so—as the effect with TANF. The economy is much less healthy than it was during the Clinton heyday, and the number of Medicaid enrollees is many times greater than that of TANF. There isn’t a guarantee that the economy could even create long-term stable jobs for the population of Medicaid enrollees, and Medicaid covers people with the kinds of medical issues and disruptions that create job instability in the first place.
Additionally, the AHCA manager’s amendment doesn’t fund any training or placement programs, not to mention the kinds of rigorous initiatives found in the successful TANF work programs in Oregon and California. Without that funding, states may have little incentive to create those programs. Katch believes “there’s actually a disincentive, since the bill itself is reducing overall funding for Medicaid.”
States could hypothetically impose work requirements in a (rather transparent) attempt to cover fewer people, thereby reducing their costs. Also, requiring states to determine who’s eligible for Medicaid based on work status would increase administrative expenses and tax administrative systems that are already overloaded, which could lead to more than a few people losing eligibility despite actually qualifying via administrative error and oversight.
Medicaid enrollees are even more vulnerable to any manipulation by states than TANF recipients are. That’s especially true in states that have expanded Medicaid eligibility to able-bodied low-income people under the Affordable Care Act. Enrollees there are much more likely to be poor men, and thus much more likely to be convicted felons than TANF beneficiaries. That means they are also likely to be barred from many likely employment options; work requirements will only hurt their prospects of ever making it out of poverty.
Individuals who qualify for Medicaid because of a disability, or who receive federal disability payments, are exempted from the AHCA work requirement. But that doesn’t cover every worker with disabilities: The Kaiser Family Foundation reports that many adults covered as “able bodied” under Medicaid nevertheless report significant impairments or disabilities and can’t work. They may be waiting for decisions from the federal government on their disability status or may have a disability that interferes with their line of work but doesn’t qualify for insurance—for example, computer users with severe, chronic migraines triggered by computer use.
Beyond the TANF comparisons, Katch points out that one component in particular makes Medicaid a potentially fraught target for work requirements: Medicaid is itself already a work-support program for low-income people. One of the basic underlying premises of providing public health insurance to is that keeping people healthy, able, and out of the hospital is a pretty good way of ensuring that they show up to work.  The bottom line is that people need to be healthy to work, and people who aren’t healthy can’t.
“Because Medicaid works as a work support, [a work requirement] would be a bit of a vicious cycle,” Katch told me. She outlined a scenario where a hypothetical poor coal miner in West Virginia suffers from two problems rather common to those in his occupation and region—back problems and associated opioid use. He fails to secure work thanks to the back troubles, the addiction, or lack of treatment for either. If he were subject to a work requirement, said coal miner might be kicked off the very program—Medicaid—that pays for treatment that might allow him to re-enter the workforce. That could lead to a downward spiral of sickness and poverty. Medicaid, like the rest of the American safety net, is intended as a failsafe for those not able to find work, and taking it away for those who cannot work subverts its purpose.
Again, most people on Medicaid who can work do, and low-income people working demanding jobs often do so “until their bodies gave out on them,” Pavetti said. There isn’t much evidence that penalizing the Medicaid population for not working will improve the program, its outcomes, or job creation. Indeed, the only real outcome of a Medicaid work requirement is that fewer people will have access to Medicaid, which may be the point.



ARTICLE
In January 2016, I was interviewed by the House Select Committee on Benghazi. It was the eighth investigation into the tragic events of September 11, 2012 when a diplomatic facility in Benghazi was overrun and four brave Americans were killed. The inquiry lasted over two years, reviewed 100,000 pages of documents, and interviewed over 100 witnesses, many of whom were recalled from assignments all over the world. Despite being one of longest and most expensive congressional investigations in American history, the final 800-page report was a dud.
Benghazi was a scandal that pales in comparison to Russia’s interference in last year’s election, especially if evidence emerges that Trump associates colluded with Russia. Nevertheless, the lessons of the Benghazi committees must inform the investigation into Russia’s involvement in the election so that it focuses on real issues, and minimizes partisan distractions. If the hyper-partisanship of the congressional inquiries into Benghazi extends to this new inquiry, it will prevent a serious investigation into Russia’s role in the 2016 election, even though the Intelligence Community has already concluded that the Kremlin directed the cyber attacks to weaken America’s democratic system and aid one candidate.
I am the last person to downplay the significance of Benghazi. I lost a close friend and colleague in Ambassador Chris Stevens, who devoted his career to advancing American ties and interests in the Middle East. The State Department lost a stellar information officer, Sean Smith, a young father of two. And our nation lost two of our finest Special Forces veterans whose heroism saved additional lives.
Instead of using the lessons of the Benghazi attack to reinforce the U.S. commitment to diplomacy, some Republicans sought to turn the tragedy into a political blame game, as House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy eventually acknowledged.  At the time of the attack, Obama’s reelection campaign was entering its final months and his presumptive Democratic successor, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, was accused of personally ignoring security requests that might have saved the State Department facility.
Ultimately, the Select Committee concluded that there was no conspiracy orchestrated from the White House to minimize the impact of Benghazi on Obama’s counterterrorism record. The military did its job with the resources and forces available at the time. There was no “stand down” order directed from Washington despite Hollywood’s portrayal of the fog of war in the Michael Bay directed film 13 Hours. The lack of security at a temporary State Department facility had already been examined thoroughly by an Accountability Review Board and procedures were underway to prevent such deficiencies from recurring. And months before the Select Committee issued its the report, the Obama administration ordered the deployment of specially trained forces who could respond more quickly to embassies under duress.
Nevertheless, the Benghazi Select Committee had far-reaching consequences. For four years, the American public heard relentless attacks against the State Department and criticism of its competence and purpose. While many inside the beltway saw the mission in Libya as an example of the bravery demonstrated by American diplomats who serve in the most dangerous of circumstances, much of the country took the constant barrage against the State Department’s function and personnel as cause for questioning America’s role in the world.
If bipartisan support for the military and the use of force started to fray during the bloody insurgency against American forces in Iraq’s Anbar Province in 2004, the country’s skepticism about the State Department and America’s diplomatic role in the world endured a similar body blow after Benghazi. No wonder President Trump has proposed a 28 percent budget cut to the State Department and his secretary of state has so far demonstrated little interest in promoting the institution or managing one of the most talented workforces in the federal government.
Monday’s House Intelligence Committee hearing featuring FBI Director James Comey and NSA Director Mike Rogers reinforced how a bipartisan congressional investigation will be impossible in the hyper-politicized environment of 2017. Even when presented with the extraordinary fact that the FBI is investigating Trump campaign associates, Republican members chose to parrot the White House’s condemnation of leaks rather than to explore the nature of the hacking and how to prevent it in the future. Leading this line of questioning was none other than Representative Trey Gowdy of South Carolina, the former Chairman of the Select Committee on Benghazi.
At the end of the hearing, Gowdy and Chairman Devin Nunes urged Comey to conclude the FBI’s investigation as soon as possible because the president and his associates now have a cloud hanging over them. Gowdy took two-and-a-half years to complete the Benghazi inquiry. Similarly, Nunes demonstrated he is incapable of leading a true investigation when he ran to the White House on Wednesday to share "information" he had acquired regarding apparent surveillance of Trump campaign officials rather than discussing it within his committee, his Senate counterparts, or congressional leadership.
One key lesson from the Benghazi episode is that there should be as few investigations as possible to maximize resources and keep the inquiry focused on essential facts to remain timeliness and relevance. Now that Comey confirmed the existence of an FBI probe, it must be allowed to continue as long as needed to uncover Russian activities and the details of the contacts of Trump campaign officials.
Democrats, too, can learn from Benghazi. The Select Committee demonstrated the political expediency of advancing conspiracy theories with thin evidence. If Democrats mirror that strategy, any hope of a bipartisan solution to the Russia election crisis will quickly dissipate. Instead, they should follow the tone set by Representative Adam Schiff, the ranking member on the Intelligence Committee, who carefully laid out the facts of greatest concern without rushing to judgment. That will lend the greatest possibility of establishing a bipartisan 9/11 type commission to investigate Russia’s active measures campaign rather than recreating the hyper-political inquiry into the events of September 11, 2012 in Benghazi.
The prospects of establishing such a commission are admittedly challenging. But there should be enough influential Republican Russia Hawks, including Senators Lindsay Graham, John McCain, and Marco Rubio, who may break with the White House to support an independent commission under the leadership of respected bipartisan officials. For Republicans concerned about the 2018 elections, supporting a commission would be an opportunity to assert independence from a White House under investigation.
The 9/11 Commission provided serious non-partisan analysis necessary to compel an overhaul to the intelligence community. A similar type of commission is necessary to enact the policy and bureaucratic changes in response to Russian active measures against the U.S. and our allies and to protect our nation’s cyber vulnerabilities.  



ARTICLE
How can anyone convince the most powerful man in the world of something he does not wish to believe?
It’s not an idle question. In a remarkable interview with Time’s Michael Scherer, President Trump flaunted his elastic relationship with truth. Instead of weighing evidence, he explained, he prefers to trust his gut. “I’m a very instinctual person,” he said, “but my instinct turns out to be right.”
Trump unrepentantly rehearsed his litany of false or unsubstantiated claims with Scherer. Was Ted Cruz’s father linked to Lee Harvey Oswald?  “Why do you say that I have to apologize? I’m just quoting the newspaper.” (The newspaper in question is the National Enquirer.) Had the president tapped his phones? “A lot of information has just been learned, and a lot of information may be learned over the next coming period of time. We will see what happens.” Were there 3 million fraudulent votes cast in 2016? “Well I think I will be proved right about that too.”
When Trump believes something, instinctually, there appear to be only three possibilities. He is already correct. He will be proven to have been correct at some point in the future. Or he may simply insist—as in the case of the Iraq War—that he had always subscribed to whatever view is later proven right.
As my colleague David Graham put it:

Time and again, Scherer asks Trump about statements that he has made without evidence, and time and again, Trump insists that something that happened later retroactively justifies the claims he has made, effectively arguing that lies have been alchemically transformed into truths after the fact.

As a political tactic, the refusal to acknowledge any inconvenient fact or contrary claim has its short-term advantages. “Trump has discovered something about epistemology in the 21st century,” Scherer wrote. “The truth may be real, but falsehood often works better.”
But this is not a novel discovery, not some peculiar feature of our contemporary environment. “Falsehood flies, and the Truth comes limping after it,” the satirist Jonathan Swift wrote in 1710, “so that when Men come to be undeceiv’d, it is too late; the Jest is over, and the Tale has had its Effect.”
The trouble for Trump is that, sooner or later, the truth catches up. As a real-estate developer, he could simply skip 10 floors in a building, and announce it stood 68 stories tall. As an entertainer, he could rely on the selectively edited reality of television. His audiences would willfully suspend their disbelief. “People want to believe that something is the biggest and the greatest and the most spectacular,” he wrote in Art of the Deal. “I call it truthful hyperbole.” And that insight helped him succeed as a candidate, too.
Even as a president, Trump’s inclination to trust only the stories that affirm his beliefs, and disregard the haters and the losers, is often an asset. His predecessor was haunted by a painful, sometimes paralyzing, awareness of precedents, constraints, and third-order consequences. As my colleague Jeffrey Goldberg wrote, President Obama grew “steadily more fatalistic about the constraints on America’s ability to direct global events” over the course of his terms in office.
Trump, by contrast, is willing to discard the expert consensus and act on his gut. Most presidents have deferred to their economic advisers and declined to prevent specific plants from closing, fearing they might set unsustainable precedents. Trump simply acted, preserving factory jobs at a Carrier plant in Indiana in November. He didn’t simply write them off as the collateral damage of creative destruction, and the workers there love him for it.
But if it can be liberating, it can also be crippling. Trump had his press secretary summon the press to insist that they believe him, and not their own, lying eyes, about the size of his inaugural crowd. One court after another has restrained his executive orders limiting travel, partially because he has disregarded advice to cease commenting on the cases. His unsubstantiated claim that Obama wiretapped his phones has embroiled his administration in weeks of controversy. Trump’s refusal to credit information that contradicts his gut instincts may help him persuade others to embrace his mistaken views, but it cannot possibly alter the underlying facts themselves. And as my colleague James Fallows warns, that’s likely to have disastrous consequences when questions of national security are at stake.
Perhaps no one else on earth is as prone to having their biases confirmed as an American president—surrounded by aides who serve at his pleasure, courted by sycophants who cater to his whims, subjected to malicious partisan attacks that make it tempting to conclude all criticisms are lodged in bad faith. Most presidents struggle against this, relying on spouses, longtime friends, and confidants to keep them grounded—and despite that, often succumb to the temptations of confirmation bias.
Trump sits alone in the White House, his wife in New York. He watches hours of cable television, favoring shows that tell him he’s right; his aides feed him a steady diet of favorable press clippings. He seems to see constant affirmation as less a danger, than a necessity.
His predecessors felt differently.
In 1770, John Adams stood before a jury, and argued that—despite what he, and they, might want to believe—the British soldiers on trial for the Boston Massacre had been exercising their right of self-defense in the face of mob violence. “Facts are stubborn things,” he said, “and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passions, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence.”
Ronald Reagan took that line—“facts are stubborn things”—and made it the refrain of his valedictory address to his party at the Republican National Convention in 1988.
Sooner or later, this president, too, will learn of the stubbornness of facts.
Trump can revel in the adoring crowds that attend his rallies, and the supporters who line the roads along which he travels. But not even an emperor can prevent his subjects from noticing when he has no clothes.



ARTICLE
President Trump remains peculiarly fixated on the cover of Time magazine. He has claimed in the past that he holds the record for most covers, but in an interview with Michael Scherer for this week’s magazine, the president asked if he was the all-time leader. Scherer had to break the bad news to him: Richard M. Nixon still held the lead—though he added, “He was in office for longer, so give yourself time.” “Ok, good. I’m sure I’ll win,” Trump replied.
The exchange is full of intrigue. Neither man noted that though Nixon was elected to two terms, his presidency was foreshortened by paranoia and lawbreaking. Nor did they note the increasingly frequent comparisons between Nixon’s terminal scandal and Trump’s own difficulties. But in the course of an interview about Trump’s extremely distant relationship with the truth—from obvious lies to head-scratching speculation—the president offered Nixonian maxim of his own.
“I can’t be doing so badly, because I’m president, and you’re not,” he said.
Nixon famously, and incorrectly, told David Frost, “When the president does it, that means that it is not illegal.” Trump is offering an even more absurd thesis: When the president says it, that means it’s true.
It’s Trump’s excuse throughout the piece. Time and again, Scherer asks Trump about statements that he has made without evidence, and time and again, Trump insists that something that happened later retroactively justifies the claims he has made, effectively arguing that lies have been alchemically transformed into truths after the fact. Time’s cover, the president was surely sad to discover, is not his face but the words, “Is Truth Dead?” over a somber black background.
The problem is that later events don’t make things any less false, and in many cases, Trump is also lying about the ex post facto justifications.
Trump says, for example, that after he claimed there was chaos in Sweden, there were riots. “Sweden. I make the statement, everyone goes crazy. The next day they have a massive riot, and death, and problems,” Trump told Time. He is off on the details—the riot was two days later—but he is also misleading. His original statement was, “You look at what’s happening last night in Sweden. Sweden, who would believe this?” There was still no riot the night before. Even his own standards of retroactive justification, he’s only in the vague vicinity of truth.
The same pattern has gone for his claim that Barack Obama “wiretapped” him at Trump Tower. Trump made an outlandish, inflammatory claim with no evidence, and has now sought to prove it after the fact. “I have articles saying it happened,” he told Time, but there are no reputable reports justifying his claims, only thinly sourced conspiracy theories. Republicans in Congress and intelligence officials have debunked those reports, and Fox News suspended the legal analyst who made a claim on which Trump was relying. Nonetheless, Trump cited the analyst again in his interview.
Trump also claims that information revealed by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes vindicates his claim. That claim, too, falls apart upon the slightest scrutiny: First, Nunes still says there was no wiretap; second, Nunes’s revelation is too vague and sketchy to prove anything; and third, Nunes said that Trump was unaware of the information, showing again that Trump had made his claim without any proof. That’s not bold truthtelling—that’s misleading the American people.
At other times, Trump simply claims he’s been proven right when that has not happened. He continues to claim, falsely, that Muslims celebrated in Jersey City on 9/11. Pressed on that, he told Scherer, “Well if you look at the reporter, he wrote the story in The Washington Post.” The reporter, Serge Kovaleski, did not write a story saying what Trump says he did.
The president seems to believe that by saying something, he can conjure it into existence. “I’m a very instinctual person, but my instinct turns out to be right,” he said. Trump has lied about millions of people voting unlawfully in the 2016 election. “I think I will be proved right about that too,” he said. “We’ll see after the committee. I have people say it was more than that. We will see after we have. But there will be, we are forming a committee.” Despite speaking of a committee, there doesn’t actually appear to be any committee looking into the fraud allegations.
His relationship with the press remains vexed. On the one hand, he calls outlets fake and misleading; on the other, he happily points to press reports, real or imagined, to justify what he cannot prove. That includes the Jersey City claim and the wiretap claim. It also includes Trump’s allegation that Ted Cruz’s father was involved in the Kennedy assassination.
“Well, that was in a newspaper,” Trump said. “No, no, I like Ted Cruz, he’s a friend of mine. But that was in the newspaper. I wasn’t, I didn’t say that. I was referring to a newspaper.”
But the “newspaper” in question was the National Enquirer, a tabloid that seldom makes any pretense at accuracy, and even then, Trump “referring” to the paper doesn’t change the fact that he said it.
This reaches to the heart of the problem. Having spent his career in business and entertainment, where he could shoot off his mouth with relatively minor consequences, and despite envying the bully pulpit of the presidency for decades and bragging that he is the president, he cannot understand the difference in importance between what a TV personality says and what the president of the United States says publicly. “Is there anything different about making these kinds of predictions without having the factual evidence as president?” Scherer asked. But Trump deflected the question, which he cannot address because he refuses to accept its premise.
My colleague James Fallows wrote Tuesday  that eventually, Trump will require the public to trust him on a matter of urgent national security, and he will not receive the benefit of the doubt. What Trump’s Time interview suggests is not simply that he is unworried about eroding public faith in his ability to be truthful. Perhaps that is not because of a blithe ignorance of this looming danger, but because the president is incapable of telling truth and falsehood apart.



ARTICLE
Updated on March 23 at 4:28 p.m. ET
Lacking the majority needed to pass their bill to replace the Affordable Care Act, House Republican leaders have postponed a planned Thursday vote, imperiling President Trump’s first major legislative priority.
The move was an indication that a series of meetings Trump and Speaker Paul Ryan had with reluctant members in the party’s conservative and centrist wings had failed to achieve a consensus. Members of the House Freedom Caucus left a meeting with the president early in the afternoon saying there was “no deal” as they pushed Ryan to move the bill further to the right. And for Trump and Ryan, the delay dashed their hope of voting to dismantle the law on the seventh anniversary of its signing by former President Barack Obama.
GOP leaders summoned all 237 Republicans to a 7 p.m. meeting in the Capitol to discuss possible changes to the American Health Care Act, and lawmakers said the party still hoped to hold procedural votes on the bill on Thursday night, with final passage on Friday. But even that plan was tentative, and tensions within the Republican conference were rising as the chances grew that the GOP would whiff on its longstanding promise to repeal and replace Obamacare.
“The days of talking are over. It’s time to vote,” said Representative Bradley Byrne of Alabama, a strong supporter of the GOP plan. “The longer we wait, the worse our chances get.”
Leadership officials were increasingly frustrated with the Freedom Caucus, which withheld its support even after winning Trump’s support for a change that would strip out Obamacare’s requirement that insurance plans cover maternity care, mental-health treatment, preventive services, and a host of other “essential health benefits” defined in the law. One leadership aide questioned whether Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina, the group’s leader, could deliver its roughly three dozen votes after personally promising the president he would. A Meadows aide said the Freedom Caucus was pushing for even broader changes that would repeal the insurance regulations forbidding discrimination based on preexisting conditions and lifetime-coverage limits. But that is a non-starter for many House Republicans, and party leaders believe a bill that broad could not pass.
Members like Byrne wanted the leaders to simply put the bill up for a vote, gambling that many of the rank-and-file lawmakers who have withheld their support wouldn’t dare let it go down in defeat in such dramatic fashion. “As a Republican, you’ve got one choice,” he said. “You either are going to vote with Donald Trump to repeal and replace Obamacare, or you’re going to vote with Nancy Pelosi to defeat the only bill to repeal and replace Obamacare. If you’re a Republican, that’s a pretty simple choice.”
While the Freedom Caucus bargained for more conservative provisions, more moderate Republicans were peeling off the bill. Representatives Jaime Herrera Beutler of Washington state and Mark Amodei of Nevada declared their opposition on Thursday, and Trump planned to meet at the White House with the Tuesday Group, a coalition of moderates.
The announcement of the delay appeared to catch even the president unaware. Moments after the news broke, Trump told a group of truckers at the White House that the vote would still be held on Thursday. “We’ll see what happens,” he said. “It’s going to be a very close vote.” Earlier in the day, Press Secretary Sean Spicer was guaranteeing a victory. “It’s gonna pass. So that’s it,” he told reporters.
Thursday’s push came after Ryan spent more than two hours Wednesday night meeting with more than a dozen members of the Tuesday Group and lawmakers representing swing districts. The pow-wow was inconclusive. The Republicans slipped out of the Capitol without speaking to reporters, and immediately after he left, Representative Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania, a co-chairman of the Tuesday Group, instructed his staff to release a statement formally opposing the leadership’s bill.
“I believe this bill, in its current form, will lead to the loss of coverage and make insurance unaffordable for too many Americans, particularly for low-to-moderate income and older individuals,” Dent said. “We have an important opportunity to enact reforms that will result in real health-care transformation—bringing down costs and improving health outcomes. This legislation misses the mark.”
The GOP bill, which would replace the ACA’s subsidies with less generous tax credits while repealing its insurance mandates, has run into opposition from across the political spectrum. Aside from the Chamber of Commerce, most industry groups have lined up against it. And despite the president’s hearty support, conservative activists and the billionaire Koch brothers say it falls far too short of a full repeal and have vowed to punish Republicans who support it.
Perhaps the biggest challenge for Republicans is that the bill as written appears to lack any defined constituency in their districts. A Quinnipiac University poll released on Thursday found just 17 percent of respondents supported the American Health Care Act based on what they had heard about it, and opponents outnumbered those in favor by a three-to-one margin. That would make the plan far more unpopular than Obamacare was even at its lowest point. But it jibes with what conservative critics in Congress have reported: For every call they receive in support of the bill, hundreds of constituents are urging them to vote it down. “The people back home are not sold on what we’re doing yet,” Representative Pete Sessions of Texas, chairman of the House Rules Committee, said Wednesday on CNN.
Late Thursday afternoon, the Congressional Budget Office released a revised estimate of the GOP bill’s cost after amendments were added earlier in the week. The nonpartisan scorekeeper found that the changes to Medicaid and tax policy would cost nearly $200 billion more over a decade than the original bill, but they would have little effect on insurance coverage or premiums. The CBO is still estimating that 24 million fewer people would have health insurance by 2026 and that average premiums would rise in the first couple years after the passage of the bill before falling by about 10 percent over a decade.
Depending on how many lawmakers vote, Republicans can lose no more than 21 or 22 votes on their side and still achieve a majority. Democrats will vote en masse against the bill. Public whip counts put the defections at well over that number, but party leaders can still cross the threshold if they flip the group of conservative opponents led by Meadows. The bill would still need to pass the Senate, which would be an even more Herculean task for GOP leaders, considering they have a narrow, 52-48 seat majority and several Republicans have also declared the House plan unacceptable.
In a scene reminiscent of the fiscal showdowns of the Obama years, lawmakers spent most of Wednesday and Thursday waiting in their offices awaiting news of a deal. One member of the Freedom Caucus, Representative David Schweikert of Arizona, even wandered over to Ryan’s office in the Capitol Wednesday night to ask the assembled reporters what they heard. When they told him there was no news, he began pitching them on his own plan to fix the nation’s health-care system, which the leadership had ignored. On Thursday, another lawmaker could be overheard complaining that she would have to miss a trip to Disney World if the vote was delayed a day.
Sidelined from negotiations, all Democrats could do was watch, wait, and try to stoke more public support for a law that is finally gaining in popularity just as it sits on the precipice of repeal. Nancy Pelosi, the former House speaker whose success shepherding Obamacare to passage ultimately helped relegate her to minority leader, mocked Trump and Ryan for stumbling in their headlong rush to schedule a vote before they knew their bill could pass. “Rookie’s error, Donald Trump,” she told reporters Thursday morning. “Rookie’s error for bringing this up on a day when clearly you weren’t ready.”
A day earlier, former Vice President Joe Biden returned to the Capitol to appear with Pelosi and other Democratic leaders at a rally heralding the Affordable Care Act and denouncing the GOP attempts to eviscerate it. “This is not going to pass,” he predicted. And on Thursday, former President Obama issued a rare public statement to commemorate the law that bears his name.
“The reality is clear: America is stronger because of the Affordable Care Act,” he said. The statement continued:

There will always be work to do to reduce costs, stabilize markets, improve quality, and help the millions of Americans who remain uninsured in states that have so far refused to expand Medicaid. I’ve always said we should build on this law, just as Americans of both parties worked to improve Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid over the years. So if Republicans are serious about lowering costs while expanding coverage to those who need it, and if they’re prepared to work with Democrats and objective evaluators in finding solutions that accomplish those goals—that’s something we all should welcome. But we should start from the baseline that any changes will make our health-care system better, not worse for hardworking Americans. That should always be our priority.

For Republicans, Obama’s statement might serve only to remind them of what they are trying to do—repeal and replace the ACA in accordance with their repeated promises to voters. The current president, meanwhile, continued to tout the bill—though almost entirely without specifics. “Call your local representative or senator: Let them know you’re behind our plan,” Trump said in a video posted on Twitter Thursday morning.
He said nothing about what was actually in the Republican bill, and as party leaders spent the day searching for last-minute votes, its fate looked increasingly uncertain.



ARTICLE
Updated March 23 at 12:08 p.m. EST
Officials have arrested a Israeli American teenager in connection with a string of bomb threats made to U.S. Jewish Community Centers and schools over the past several months. He has also been accused of making threatening calls in New Zealand and Australia, along with a call to a commercial airline that forced it to make an emergency landing, according to The New York Times.
An FBI spokeswoman confirmed the arrest to the Times on Thursday. In a statement, Israeli officials said that law-enforcement officials from multiple countries, including the United States, worked together on the investigation. The Times reports that “investigators confiscated computers, an antenna and other equipment” from the suspect’s home. The Jerusalem Post reported that the suspect’s father has also been detained and is being questioned about whether he knew about the calls.
Israel’s minister of public security, Gilad Erdan, congratulated to Israeli police on “leading a complex international investigation,” according to the Forward. “We hope that this investigation will help shed light on some of the recent threats against Jewish institutions, which have caused great concern both among Jewish communities and the Israeli government,” he said. U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions affirmed in a statement that “the Department of Justice is committed to protecting the civil rights of all Americans, and we will not tolerate the targeting of any community in this country on the basis of their religious beliefs,” according to Haaretz.
Juan Thompson, a 31-year-old former journalist, had previously been arrested in connection with a fraction of the calls. Officials believe he made the threats to harass an ex-girlfriend.
Since January, dozens of calls have been made to Jewish institutions across the United States, many nearly identical in message and form. JCCs, which provide child-care services, recreation, and community meeting spaces, have been repeatedly forced to evacuate upon receiving these calls. In some cases, such as the JCC in Nashville, they have been threatened multiple times.
“The impact of this individual’s actions is crystal clear,” said Jonathan Greenblatt, the CEO of the Anti-Defamation League, in a statement on Thursday. “These were acts of anti-Semitism. These threats targeted Jewish institutions, were calculated to sow fear and anxiety, and put the entire Jewish community on high alert.” He added that no one has been arrested in associated with the recent desecration of Jewish cemeteries or multiple instances of anti-Semitic vandalism.
The head of the JCC Association of North America, Doron Krakow, also applauded law enforcement in a statement on Thursday. The organization is “troubled,” he noted, “to learn that the individual suspected of making these threats against Jewish Community Centers … is reportedly Jewish.”
Some in the U.S. have connected the threats to a perceived rise in hostility toward Jews during the 2016 election. The motivation behind crimes like this can be extremely difficult to prove, however, and Haaretz reports that the suspect arrested on Thursday is being accused of involvement in “hundreds of incidents involving threats to institutions around the world, including Israel, over a period of two or three years.” So far, it’s unclear how or why the Israeli American suspect who was arrested on Thursday made the calls.



ARTICLE
Last week, President Trump released the broad outlines of his budget blueprint for the Department of Homeland Security. Unsurprisingly, there is a strong focus on border security and interior immigration enforcement. As these discussions continue, however, the administration must also ensure these priorities do not come at the expense of other agencies that keep the American people safe.
Indeed, paying for border security and interior enforcement by cutting funds to the Transportation Security Administration and Federal Emergency Management Agency, and capping investments in agencies like the United States Secret Service and the United States Coast Guard is akin to double-locking your front door, but leaving your side door open—and your windows, and your garage door, and turning off your alarm.
Homeland Security secretaries have strongly advocated for a risk-based approach to national security. Threats to the United States are too varied, vulnerabilities too challenging, and potential consequences too damaging, to focus exclusively on one threat at the expense of all others. While border security and interior immigration enforcement are important priorities, they cannot come at the expense of terrorism prevention, narcotics and migrant interdiction at sea, and disaster preparedness.
The recently released budget blueprint, which requests a $54 billion increase in defense spending, makes dramatic reductions to vital agency budgets while flatlining others. For one, it calls for TSA to reduce its funding for efforts that include supporting state and local law enforcement officers at airport checkpoints, and conducting visible patrols in mass transit systems using bomb-sniffing dogs, bag searches, and other techniques at train and bus stations, ports, and other transportation hubs. This at a time when TSA just announced enhanced security measures. Just last year, Congress doubled the number of these teams, both in airports and in train stations. What’s more, the blueprint relies on funding 75 percent of TSA’s costs by raising airline passenger fees. We know from firsthand experience that such a budget device has little chance to be approved by Congress and will ultimately widen TSA’s budget hole.
Under the proposed budget, FEMA would sustain cuts in funding for state, local, territorial, and tribal government efforts to prepare for disasters, counter radicalization in local communities, secure ports and waterways, and protect mass transit. One consequence of this is that major-city police departments around the country would see a dramatic reduction in critical grant funding that is used for everything from intelligence analysis to active-shooter training. “This funding is absolutely critical. It is the backbone of our entire counter-terrorism apparatus,” said James P. O’Neill, the New York City police commissioner.
The budget blueprint also fails to provide the necessary increase in funds that the Coast Guard and Secret Service desperately need to more effectively execute their missions. While the budget blueprint calls for sizable increases in funding for ICE and CBP, it excludes the Coast Guard even though it also plays a pivotal role in patrolling and seizing illegal drugs being trafficked through the southern border. Last year alone, the Coast Guard confiscated 201 metric tons of cocaine and arrested 585 smugglers in the U.S. The Secret Service is still undergoing changes brought on by issues that arose in years past. As a result, the agency continues to be in desperate need of additional funding to address critical staffing shortfalls, adequately cover their protection of the current and former presidents, secure the White House, Mar-a-Lago and Trump Tower, and upgrade equipment that is critical to the mission.
Taken together, these cuts ignore both the actual threats and hazards that the nation has experienced since 9/11, as well as forward-looking homeland security risks. Almost every credible risk assessment points to the continued terrorist threat to aircraft and urban areas, something with which every leadership team at DHS has grappled. The persistent terrorist threat to mass transit is also particularly difficult to address. And an administration that decreases its investment in, and diminishes its focus on, emergency management runs the risk of large-scale calamity when disaster inevitably strikes.
Obviously, security experts can disagree over how funds can best be spent; debates have gone on for years about the best approach to do this. DHS has focused on optimizing the effectiveness of its activities to secure the aviation system against not only threats to aircraft but also to airports, and has worked with a range of partners and stakeholders to determine the best approach for securing mass transit, passenger, and freight rail. State, local, territorial, and tribal governments have debated how best to spend scarce federal grant funding on immediate needs like countering domestic radicalization and additional police presence in high-threat areas versus in investment in new counterterrorism and disaster response training, technology, and equipment. But no serious security expert has argued that the overall level of investment or effort in these areas should go down from their current levels.
The challenge of homeland security is to ensure a balanced, risk-informed approach to protecting the nation against a range of threats and hazards. Over-focus on any single threat vector, especially when it leads to degrading other mission responsibilities aimed at other threats and hazards, leads to vulnerabilities that expose the country to significant harm.
We do not suggest that the current focus on border security or interior immigration enforcement is not valid. Rather, while we welcome the attention and funding being placed on border security and interior immigration enforcement, it cannot come at the expense of our nation’s overall security. The administration should take the same view of homeland security as it takes toward defense: increase budget where priorities demand that, take a risk-based approach to the threats and hazards facing the nation, and don’t cannibalize one mission at the expense of the nation’s security in order to focus on another.



ARTICLE
Compared with the ongoing firestorm over Russia and impending showdown over health care, President Trump’s meeting with Congressional Black Caucus leaders Wednesday might seem peripheral to a presidency careening through constant turmoil. But the session, which aired but didn’t resolve differences about the federal budget and other domestic issues, captured a critical test of his political movement’s long-term viability.
One of Trump’s most frequently expressed goals is reconstructing the GOP as a “worker’s party” that appeals to blue-collar Americans across racial lines. Key Trump supporters recognize that building an enduring coalition will depend on attracting more working-class black, Hispanic, and other minority voters to the agenda of economic nationalism that has riveted their white counterparts.
“If eight years from now, the Trump agenda ... is only a white majority and it is hanging on by the skin of its teeth, because they are getting 29 percent of the Latino vote and 8 percent of the African American vote, it’s failed,” said Henry Olsen, a senior fellow at the conservative Ethics and Public Policy Center, who has broadly supported Trump’s vision.
Even Stephen Bannon, President Trump’s senior strategist, has implicitly accepted that conclusion. In a revealing post-election interview with The Hollywood Reporter, Bannon put minorities center-stage in his long-term goals. “If we deliver,” Bannon said, “we’ll get 60 percent of the white vote and 40 percent of the black and Hispanic vote, and we’ll govern for 50 years.” With those comments, Bannon effectively conceded that to secure a lasting GOP advantage, Trump needed not only big numbers among whites but also much greater inroads among non-whites.
The force of demographic change largely explains why. Trump last November carried a crushing two-thirds of white voters without a college education—exactly as much as Ronald Reagan in his 1984 landslide and more than any Republican in between. But while Reagan’s dominance among blue-collar whites won him nearly 59 percent of the popular vote, it brought Trump just 46 percent; Reagan swept 525 Electoral College votes, Trump 306.
That erosion reflects two critical changes, each of which pressures Trump to attract more minorities. One is that the number of working-class whites—the group most drawn to Trump—has steadily declined. They constituted nearly two-thirds of all voters in 1984 but just over one-third in 2016, according to media exit polls. (The Census Bureau surveys that provide an alternative measure of voter demographics have put blue-collar whites at slightly above 40 percent, but show the same decades-long decline.) The second change is that Trump’s bellicose nationalism provokes much greater resistance than Reagan faced among college-educated whites, whose numbers have steadily increased since the 1980s. Reagan carried those white-collar whites by 24 percentage points, Trump by just three.
In office, Trump has continued to sharply divide whites along the diploma line. Figures provided by Gallup show that in an average of their daily tracking poll from mid-February to mid-March, a robust three-fifths of whites without a college degree approved of Trump’s job performance, compared with just two-fifths of whites with such a degree. That’s much less support than Republicans usually draw from college-educated whites, and a central reason his overall approval numbers are so unusually low.
Over time, a Trump-style GOP will likely need more backing from working-class minorities to offset both the entrenched resistance from white-collar whites and working-class whites’ inexorable contraction in the electorate. But so far, Trump has posted little progress among blue-collar black or Hispanic voters. In 2016, according to exit polls, Trump drew just under 30 percent from both college- and non-college-educated Hispanics, and won only 7 percent of non-college-educated African Americans. (That’s even slightly less than his 10 percent showing among blacks with degrees.) The Gallup tracking-poll average through mid-March found him drawing positive job ratings from only about one in six non-college-educated African Americans and just one in five Hispanics without degrees.
Veteran Democratic pollster Stanley Greenberg, though, found a larger potential opening for Trump’s message when he gathered focus groups to watch the president’s congressional address in late February. Greenberg, who convened the groups for the liberal organization Women’s Voices Women Vote Action Fund, found that minorities listening to the speech emerged significantly more open to Trump.
In those groups, minorities responded best to Trump’s promises to break the cycle of poverty, reform education, and sustain NATO. Other polls suggest Trump’s tough talk about limiting imports and legal immigration, overhauling education, and rebuilding infrastructure resonate with some minority voters who fear eroding economic opportunity.
But minorities in Greenberg’s focus groups recoiled from Trump’s pledges to repeal the Affordable Care Act and build a border wall. Those reactions capture the barriers Trump faces. His determination to retrench government programs—apart from entitlements benefiting the mostly white senior population—threatens the interests of many minorities, particularly those without advanced education he hopes to court. Nearly 90 percent of the 8.95 million non-whites who gained health insurance under the ACA, for instance, lack college degrees, the Urban Institute found. And the racially barbed edge to Trump’s language—and agenda—on crime and undocumented immigrants creates an even greater obstacle for him with minority voters at all education levels. “Those are inherent problems [for Trump],” Greenberg said.
Trump could squeeze out reelection in 2020 without advancing among minority voters, particularly because demographic change has come more slowly to the Rustbelt states he relies on most. But as Republican pollster Whit Ayres noted in an interview, Trump’s “coalition alone extended out 10 or 15 years is not sufficient to continue to win the presidency.” Trump’s standing with minority voters may offer the most revealing measure of whether he’s reconfiguring the electorate along a new class-based fault line that will lastingly advantage the GOP. Or whether he’s lashing his party to a white identity politics that will steadily sink beneath the waves of irreversible demographic change.



ARTICLE
Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said on MSNBC Wednesday afternoon that there is evidence that is “not circumstantial” of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russian government.
Schiff’s statement escalates the rhetoric on Capitol Hill about allegations of ties between Russia and the president’s circle. It follows two major developments. On Monday, FBI Director James Comey confirmed that his bureau is investigating collusion. Then, on Wednesday, Representative Devin Nunes, the chair of the House intelligence committee, made a puzzling announcement about so-called incidental collection of information from Trump team members. Nunes made that announcement without informing Schiff first.
Schiff was furious. During a press conference Wednesday afternoon, he cast doubt on whether the House investigation was still viable.
“The chairman will need to decide whether he is the chairman of an independent investigation into conduct which includes allegations of potential coordination between the Trump campaign and the Russians, or he is going to act as a surrogate of the White House, because he cannot do both,” Schiff said. “Unfortunately I think the actions of today throw great doubt in the ability of both the chairman and the committee to conduct the investigation the way it ought to be conducted.”
Then Schiff went on Meet the Press Daily, where Chuck Todd asked him about statements by former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper that there was no evidence of collusion between the Trump team and Russia. Schiff disagreed with Clapper.
“I don’t think it was deliberate on the director’s part, but all I can tell you is reviewing the evidence that I have, I don’t think you can conclude that at all, far from it,” Schiff said.
A surprised Todd asked Schiff to concede that any suggestion of collusion was circumstantial evidence at best.
“Actually, no, Chuck,” Schiff said. “I can tell you that the case is more than that. And I can’t go into the particulars, but there is more than circumstantial evidence now. … I will say that there is evidence that is not circumstantial, and is very much worthy of investigation.”

NEWS: Schiff tells @ChuckTodd: “there is more than circumstantial evidence now…there is evidence that is not circumstantial” —@MeetThePress pic.twitter.com/s6ETKA1hyT
— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 22, 2017
That is a surprising statement. Thus far, inquiries into Trump and Russia by both the press and the intelligence community have created a great deal of smoke but no fires, at least publicly. Some Democrats have implied or stated outright that they believe there was collusion, leading to accusations that they are overplaying their hand and overstating the available evidence.
But Schiff’s comment is different. He is both the ranking member on the intelligence committee, and is also not seen as the type of politician prone to hyperbole. He is also a former federal prosecutor.
As Wednesday draws to a close, the top Republican and Democrat on the committee investigating Russian collusion have erupted into a round of bitter recriminations. One of them is almost certainly overplaying his hand. Which man that is remains to be seen.



ARTICLE
At a news conference, House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes said that the identities and communications of Trump transition officials might have been inappropriately revealed in intelligence reports after being collected as part of “legal” and “incidental” foreign intelligence surveillance operations. The Associated Press reports that Donald Trump’s former campaign manager, Paul Manafort, worked on behalf of a Russian billionaire “to advance the interests of Russian President Vladimir Putin a decade ago.” After meeting with Trump at the White House to discuss the Obamacare replacement bill, a spokeswoman for the House Freedom Caucus said more than 25 members are still opposed to the legislation. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said the administration is “optimistic” that the bill will pass the House. Metropolitan Police confirmed four people were killed, including the alleged attacker, and several more were injured in an attack near U.K.’s Parliament.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Clinging to His Claims: The president continues to defend his allegation that former President Obama wiretapped Trump Tower. There are several reasons for this, The New York Times reports, including White House aides’ “nearly paralytic inability to tell Mr. Trump that he has erred or gone too far on Twitter.” (Glenn Thrush and Maggie Haberman)
Mitch McConnell’s Mission: The GOP’s new health-care bill looks to be “dead-on-arrival” in the Senate if it passes the House. But Senate leaders say they’ll push it toward a vote immediately—before the opposition has time to organize against it. (Burgess Everett and Jennifer Haberkorn, Politico)
Nowhere to Turn: FBI officials from Muslim-majority countries have noted an increased culture of suspicion and hostility within the organization coinciding with Trump’s rise. “I would not advise anyone to work for the FBI under these circumstances,” said “Sam” Barodi, a former bureau analyst. “It is cancer.” (Spencer Ackerman, Guardian US)
Elephant in the Room: Henry Gass unpacks a legal doctrine heavily criticized by Neil Gorsuch known as Chevron deference, which gives federal agencies the power to interpret regulations. Could Gorsuch’s opposition to the doctrine lessen Trump’s executive authority? (Christian Science Monitor)
No Easy Task: Republicans have the majority, but they are being forced to protect the Trump administration amid new questions concerning Russian meddling in the 2016 election. The spectacle highlights an obvious lesson, writes Jonah Goldberg: “Offense is easier than defense.” (National Review)
 
Americans and Climate Change: These maps show that most people think climate change is happening and will harm U.S. citizens. But most aren’t worried it will harm them personally. (Nadja Popovich, John Schwartz, and Tatiana Schlossberg, The New York Times)
Monday marked the beginning of what will probably be Judge Neil Gorsuch’s toughest job interview: his Supreme Court confirmation hearings. If you were on the Senate Judiciary Committee, what would you ask Gorsuch?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Updated on March 22 at 5:24 p.m.
In a head-spinning development on Capitol Hill on Wednesday, Representative Devin Nunes, the chair of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, revealed that … well, what Nunes revealed isn’t totally clear.
Nunes held a brief press conference Wednesday afternoon saying that “on numerous occasions the Intelligence Community incidentally collected information about U.S. citizens involved in the Trump transition.” But Nunes’s vague statements raised a host of questions, and his decision to announce them publicly and then go to the White House to brief President Trump, having not informed Democrats on the committee about his new findings, cast a pall of politics over the proceedings.
Coming into Wednesday, the Trump administration faced a crisis: Every knowledgable source, from congressional Republicans to intelligence officials, has said that President Trump’s claim that his predecessor “wiretapped” him was bogus. In the midst of this crisis, a mysterious and unnamed “source” apparently delivered new information to Nunes, a Trump ally, which deals with legal collection of information. Nunes, in turn, quickly went public with the information, despite offering no proof of wrongdoing, in an apparent effort to shift the story in a direction favorable to the administration.
For example, Nunes said that all of the information that was collected legally, as part of “incidental collection” that occurs when U.S. citizens are captured speaking with lawful non-U.S. targets of surveillance under FISA orders. Nunes also reiterated that there had been no “wiretap” on Trump Tower, as the president has alleged and continued to assert, despite disavowals by top Republicans in Congress and the intelligence community.
Yet Nunes’s announcement offered Trump a lifeline, presenting him—intentionally or not—with a way to claim he really had been surveilled. Trump quickly seized it, saying he felt “somewhat” vindicated during a brief pool spray at the White House.
Nunes charged that while the collection was entirely legal, the fact that Trump team staffers’ names were unmasked and information was shared is “inappropriate.”
“It looks like it was legal, incidental collection that then made its way into intelligence report,” Nunes said. “Nothing criminal at all involved.”
The problem is that there’s no way to assess the truth of Nunes’s claims. He says he has full faith in his source, suggesting it’s someone within the intelligence community, but it’s not clear that anyone besides Nunes has seen the “reports” to which he referred: Adam Schiff, the Democratic ranking member on the committee, has not, and while Nunes briefed both Trump and Speaker Paul Ryan, there’s no indication he showed them the report.
This is troubling because, as my colleague Conor Friedersdorf reported Wednesday morning, Nunes’s statements so far in the investigation make it difficult to give him the benefit of the doubt on truthfulness. The Washington Post also previously reported that the White House had asked Nunes to help tamp down stories about Trump team ties to Russia.
Moreover, Nunes repeatedly said he did not have all the information he needed, raising the question of why he felt it was worthwhile to go public immediately. As Republicans including Nunes complain about unauthorized leaks of classified information to the press, he has come forward to publicize anonymously obtained intelligence community materials.
His choice to take it to the White House is even more perplexing, especially without having discussed the matter with Schiff. Trump accused Obama of having surveilled him despite offering no evidence for the claim. No evidence has appeared since. Pressed to explain why it can’t simply provide the proof, the White House—rather than admit, as appears indisputable, that it has no evidence—has claimed that because of “separation of powers,” Congress should investigate without executive-branch interference. By taking his information to Trump on Wednesday, Nunes has driven a bulldozer through that wall of separation.
In leaving Schiff out of the process, meanwhile, he has blithely poisoned his cooperation with the Democratic member on the committee. Monday’s committee hearings with FBI Director James Comey and NSA Director Mike Rogers showed that there were already effectively two separate House intelligence committees, a Democratic one worried about Russian meddling in the election and a Republican one worried about leaks about Michael Flynn. Nunes’s sidestepping of Schiff, though, could doom any remaining prospects for cooperation on the committee.
Schiff angrily responded during a press conference late Wednesday afternoon.
“The chairman will need to decide whether he is the chairman of an independent investigation into conduct which includes allegations of potential coordination between the Trump campaign and the Russians, or he is going to act as a surrogate of the White House, because he cannot do both,” Schiff said. “Unfortunately I think the actions of today throw great doubt in the ability of the both the chairman and the committee to conduct the investigation the way it ought to be conducted.”
Nunes also made several jabs at Comey, who confirmed that the FBI was investigating whether Russia colluded with Trump officials to interfere with the election. This is also exactly what one might do if one were trying to assist Trump.
There are a few useful pieces of information to be gleaned from Nunes’s two press conferences, one at the Capitol and another at the White House later in the afternoon. Nunes said that none of the information involved Russia, though he would not say what foreign countries the subjects of surveillance were from. He said he did not know that any of the communications were intercepted from Trump Tower. Nunes was not clear about who might have been caught up in the incidental collection. It was already known that Michael Flynn, Trump’s disgraced former national security adviser, was intercepted speaking with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak, and Nunes said it went beyond that, though his wording was somewhat opaque.
“I have seen intelligence reports that clearly show that the president-elect and his team were I guess at least monitored and disseminated about in the intelligence community,” he said.
In both press conferences, reporters expressed puzzlement at what Nunes believed was wrong, since he indicated that the collection was lawful and incidental. His answer focused on the question of “unmasking.” When Americans’ names are caught up incidental collection, those names are supposed to be redacted unless there is a reason why including them is essential to understanding the report.
At the White House, however, Nunes offered an answer that muddied the waters on whether he thought the collection was in fact legal.
“What I have read seems to me to be some level of surveillance activity, perhaps legal, but I don’t know that it’s right, I don’t know that the American people would be comfortable with what I read, but let’s get all the reports,” Nunes said.
But this, too, is perplexing, as though Nunes was just now realizing for the first time that U.S. persons’ information is routinely caught up in FISA surveillance.
In sum, Nunes’s announcement on Wednesday raises far more questions that it answers. It’s hard to see how that ambiguity, and the way he handled it, make the American public better informed, or strengthen the House investigation or instill faith in it. But by design or not, they brightened the skies over 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, at least for a day.



ARTICLE
Updated on March 22 at 7:19 p.m. ET
When President Trump summoned Representative Ted Yoho and about a dozen other lawmakers to the White House on Wednesday to hear a direct, presidential pitch for the House Republican health-care bill, the Florida conservative told Trump what he wanted: a “100 percent repeal” of the Affordable Care Act.
Like most of his fellow members of the hardline House Freedom Caucus, Yoho believes the party leadership’s American Health Care Act doesn’t go far enough in dismantling the law former President Barack Obama signed seven years ago this week. The group is now playing a game of high-stakes chicken with the White House and Speaker Paul Ryan, vowing they have the votes to defeat the Trump-endorsed plan and hand the new president an embarrassing loss in his first major legislative push.
The bill guts Obamacare’s insurance mandates and repeals most of its tax increases, but it leaves key parts of its architecture in place. As the GOP plan barrels toward a House vote on Thursday, conservatives are urging Speaker Paul Ryan to agree to changes that would strip out Obamacare’s requirement that insurance plans cover certain “essential health benefits,” which include maternity and newborn care, mental health treatment, and preventive services.
“As long as that’s there, we do not have a repeal of the Affordable Care Act,” Yoho told me at the Capitol on Wednesday. He told Trump that if GOP leaders repealed the essential health benefits provision as part of their bill, it would be “really close” to getting his vote.
The president smiled, Yoho recalled. “We’ll see what we can do,” Trump told the congressman.
When he returned to the Capitol, Yoho was still a no.
So were the bulk of the roughly two dozen members of the Freedom Caucus who left a separate White House meeting with Vice President Mike Pence empty-handed and defiant. They were unmoved both by Trump’s warning of political fallout on Tuesday and by the vice president’s more policy-focused plea on Wednesday.
Pence, along with several senior Trump aides at the meeting, rejected the conservatives’ push either to “start over” on repealing Obamacare or a least to add language stripping out the law’s essential health benefits. “They steeled our resolve by their unwillingness to lower premiums on hard-pressed American families,” Representative Mo Brooks of Alabama told reporters afterward. “If they want to bring it up for a vote, we’ll vote it down.”
Yet by the late afternoon, it appeared the conservatives’ message had gotten through to Trump, who called members of the Freedom Caucus and told them he was now on board with adding a provision targeting the essential health benefits. Negotiations restarted by phone, with the Freedom Caucus holed up in their makeshift war room in one of the House office buildings. Popping out of the ralks shortly after 6 p.m., Representative Mark Meadows struck a notably more optimistic note. “I can tell you we’re making great progress,” Meadows, the Freedom Caucus chairman, told reporters. “We’re not there yet, but I’m hopeful.”
Just how many votes there were for the leadership’s bill was a source of debate throughout the Capitol on Wednesday. Brooks and other conservatives declared early in the afternoon there were plenty more than the 21 or 22 Republican defections they needed to defeat the measure and, they hoped, force the leadership back to the bargaining table. “Right now, you’re seeing a gain in the no votes and a subtraction from the yes votes as more and more Republican congressmen communicate with their constituents back home,” Brooks said.
Allies of the speaker claimed the opposite. They said that over the course of a flurry of meetings on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue, they were getting closer and closer to a majority of the House. Depending on absences on Thursday, Ryan will need either 215 or 216 Republicans to back the bill, given the unified Democratic opposition. “We’re pretty close,” said Representative Richard Hudson of North Carolina, a member of the leadership’s whip team. “We’re seeing a lot of folks who are getting comfortable enough to say yes or getting close.”
In an appearance on Fox News, Ryan said GOP leaders were “adding votes, not losing them,” and he claimed that Trump had personally persuaded 10 members to support the bill. Yet the speaker notably stopped short of predicting the plan would pass on Thursday, as he had done in previous weeks.
Ryan has resisted the conservative demands to repeal the essential health benefits as part of the House bill because he and other leaders fear that the provision could sink the bill in the Senate, where strict budget reconciliation rules limit how much Republicans can change in Obamacare without the measure being subject to the 60-vote filibuster threshold. As it stands, the current bill is unlikely even to get the 51 votes it would need to pass the Senate without major changes. Republicans can only use the reconciliation process once in a single fiscal year.
“Our whole thing is we don’t want to load up our bill in such a way that it doesn’t even get considered in the Senate and it’s killed in the Senate, and then we lost our one chance with this one tool we have,” the speaker told the radio host Hugh Hewitt on Wednesday morning.
With Trump’s endorsement, however, Ryan came under to soften his position. “We’re hearing one thing from the president and another thing from our own leadership,” Representative Louie Gohmert of Texas told reporters early Wednesday evening. Gohmert said members of the Freedom Caucus were pushing not just to remove the essential health benefits but to knock out a much wider chunk of Obamacare, including the broadly popular provisions banning discrimination based on preexisting conditions and allowing young adults to stay on their parents’ insurance plans.
House leaders appeared unlikely to go that far, however. They have vowed to maintain those protections in any new health-care plan, and a senior GOP aide warned that moving the bill that far to the right would cost too many votes among less conservative members. It’s a “not-too-hot, not-too-cold situation,” the aide said, describing the effort to satisfy both wings of the Republican conference in the House.
Ryan and administration officials had earlier tried to assuage conservatives by promising that Senate Republicans would try to add more repeal provisions once the House passes its version. “That’s unsatisfying,” Brooks said. It was enough, however, to win the support of at least one conservative critic: Representative Steve King of Iowa. King announced in a Facebook video on Wednesday that after meeting with Trump, he had agreed to support the bill in exchange for a firm commitment that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell will try to beef it up in the Senate next week. “In the end, we have the best chance to get a package that is the closest thing we can get to a full repeal within this political environment,” King explained. Another opponent, Representative Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania flipped his vote after securing a promise that the House will pass a separate bill to ensure that undocumented immigrants won’t have access to the new tax credits in the GOP plan.
Yet for every new supporter of the leadership’s bill, another new opponent seemed to emerge. Moderate Representatives Dan Donovan of New York and Frank LoBiondo announced they would vote no. LoBiondo said the proposal was “not as good or better than what we currently have,” while Donovan said an amendment added to benefit officials in upstate New York would disproportionately hurt his constituents in New York City.
It was the conservatives, however, who appeared to have the numbers to defeat the bill without more changes, and just over 24 hours before the vote, the White House seemed to blink first. As negotiations restarted, leadership allies and GOP aides said that Ryan planned to call up the bill on Thursday regardless of whether it would pass.
“If we don’t have the votes,” Hudson told me, “it’s going down tomorrow.”



ARTICLE
Be honest: Six months ago, if someone had told you that Ivanka Trump, fashion-peddling, glamour-gal scion of the Trump real-estate and branding dynasty, would be moving into her own West Wing Office, getting special security clearance which will allow her to view classified info, trying on the role of policy maven, and even receiving her own “government-issued devices,” you’d have thought they were bonkers, or baked, or both.
Now consider that, on Monday, Variety magazine announced that Ivanka’s long-time gal pal Chelsea Clinton—the earnest, wonky, mediaphobic scion of the Clinton political dynasty—has been chosen as one of its Lifetime Impact Honorees for her humanitarian work. Clinton will be feted at a gala luncheon in Manhattan next month, along with actors Blake Lively, Jessica Chastain, and Audra McDonald, the morning show host and Oprah BFF Gayle King, and the media executive Shari Redstone. The six women will grace the cover of the next issue of Variety, which hits newsstands in mid-April.
Chelsea Clinton is getting swept up in a shiny ball of glitzy, self-congratulatory Hollywood/New York feel-goodery, while Ivanka Trump tries to morph into Hillary Clinton circa 1993. It’s a through-the-looking-glass moment, and there is every indication that things are only going to get weirder.
Take Ivanka’s burgeoning role in her dad’s administration. Already, she’s sitting in on high-level meetings with world leaders, Cabinet secretaries, and business muckety-mucks. She’s offering policy advice. She keeps talking with people about her child-care plan as though it’s actually going somewhere in this congressional atmosphere, and she has expressed a desire to tackle other issues dealing with women in the workplace.
No question, Ivanka remains a PR boon to her father: Not infrequently, someone from Trumpworld leaks an anonymous tidbit to the media about how Ivanka and Jared are serving as this great moderating influence on the president. And now, she is getting her own room in the West Wing, to, as her lawyer, Jamie Gorelick, explained it to NPR, “continue to be the eyes and ears of her father and provide candid advice as she has her entire adult life.” (One cannot help but wonder exactly what impact that advice has had on Trump pere over the years.)  
To clarify, Ivanka’s is not a formal advisory position. That would require her to follow certain protocols and abide by certain ethics rules. But do not fret; Gorelick insists that Ivanka will voluntarily abide by all the same rules that apply to ordinary government officials. Not that anyone should be surprised. The entire Trump family clearly prefers to keep these things more freewheeling. Ethics guidelines can be so limiting, so intrusive, so common.
But back to that other member of the First Daughter’s club, Chelsea. This time last year, people were pestering Clinton fille about what role she would be playing in her mother’s administration and how much time she would be spending in the White House. Now, Chelsea pops up in the news only rarely, when she issues some piquant remark on Twitter or when someone wants to float a rumor that she’s considering a political run in the very near future. (Maybe to replace Nita Lowey in the House in 2018—or how about Kirsten Gillibrand’s seat, if the New York senator makes a run for the White House in 2020!)
And now, Variety is feting Chelsea, specifically for “her work with Alliance for a Healthier Generation, which empowers kids to develop lifelong healthy habits.” The award is being given in conjunction with Lifetime, the cable channel best known for its made-for-TV movies and its reality series including Project Runway, Dance Moms, Bringing Up Ballers, and Little Women: LA. The award’s title—Lifetime Impact Honoree—sparked media reports that the 37-year-old was receiving a “lifetime-achievement award.” That would have been rich. But a Variety executive confirms that the Power of Women honorees are receiving awards from the presenting sponsor, Lifetime. “It's not a lifetime achievement award.”
That makes sense. Thus far, Chelsea’s greatest accomplishment is surviving her eternally needy parents’ raging ambition while making solid use of the near-countless advantages their wealth and power have conferred upon her. To be fair, this puts her way ahead of many celebrity offspring. But it’s not like she’s got her own office in the West Wing or anything like that.
And so the bizarreness of this political season grinds on, reaching down a generation to shuffle the public’s expectations about even Chelsea and Ivanka. At this rate, Chelsea will soon roll out her new eponymous line of fragrances while Ivanka is announced as her dad’s new chief of staff.
Sorry, Reince.



ARTICLE
Updated at 5:42 p.m. ET
Democratic senators spent most of Tuesday’s Supreme Court confirmation hearing trying to pin down nominee Neil Gorsuch’s views on abortion, campaign-finance reform, gun rights, and a host of other contentious issues. They were largely unsuccessful. So in Wednesday’s Senate Judiciary Committee session, they tried a new approach: warning Gorsuch about what they see as the consequences of his decisions in those spheres.
Front and center was abortion rights, a topic on which Gorsuch remains an enigma. The 49-year-old federal appellate judge from Colorado has never taken part in an abortion-related case in the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals, where he currently serves, nor has he written on the subject. During the campaign, President Trump vowed to appoint anti-abortion judges who would overturn Roe v. Wade, but Gorsuch testified yesterday that neither Trump nor anyone else during the confirmation process had asked him to rule on the issue in a specific way. “Senator, I would’ve walked out the door” if they had, he told South Carolina’s Lindsey Graham yesterday.
During Tuesday’s marathon session, which stretched more than 11 hours, Gorsuch stuck to purely descriptive answers about Roe, the foundation of the Court’s abortion-rights precedents. At one point, he referred to it simply as a “precedent of the United States Supreme Court.”
On Wednesday, California Senator Dianne Feinstein tried to impress upon Gorsuch that the ruling represents more than a mere court decision. “For the life of me, I really don’t know when you’re there what you’re going to do with it,” she told him. “As you say, this isn’t text, this is real life. Young women take everything for granted today. All of that could be struck out with one decision.” She recalled how earlier in her professional career, which spans the modern history of abortion rights, women obtained abortions in Mexico and were sentenced to prison in California for seeking them.
A similar warning came from Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy, who said the time before Roe represented “dark days that I don’t want to go back to.” Leahy recounted being called to a hospital at 3 a.m. while working as a state’s attorney in the late 1960s to meet a young student who had survived a botched abortion. The man who procured the abortion, Leahy told Gorsuch, would “blackmail [women] for either sex or money” before bringing them to Montreal, where a woman would perform the procedure. Before their trial, Leahy told the defense attorney the woman learned to perform the procedure while “working for the SS at Auschwitz.” With the backdrop of these back-alley abortions, Leahy explained, the Vermont Supreme Court decriminalized abortion before Roe. Gorsuch didn’t reply substantively to these stories, but seeking his response didn’t seem to be the senators’ point in telling them.
Illinois’s Dick Durbin tried to persuade Gorsuch to reveal his abortion views by quoting the judge’s book on euthanasia, in which he said “the intentional taking of human life by private persons is always wrong.” Conservatives have interpreted that line as a signal of Gorsuch’s supposed anti-abortion beliefs.
“How could you square that statement with legal abortion?” Durbin asked him. “Senator, as the book explains, the Supreme Court of the United States has held in Roe v. Wade that a fetus is not a person for purposes of the Fourteenth Amendment, and the book explains that,” Gorsuch replied.
“Do you accept that?” Durbin asked. “That’s the law of the land,” Gorsuch answered. “I accept the law of the land, senator, yes.”
Another caution from Democrats came in the area of campaign-finance reform. Rhode Island Senator Sheldon Whitehouse spent the bulk of his question period describing the effects of “dark money,” a term for political funds by unknown donors. Gorsuch replied by reviewing the precedent surrounding campaign finance. “Congress has ample authority and opportunity to pass campaign-finance laws,” he noted, including on disclosures. But he also pointed to NAACP v. Alabama, a civil-rights-era Supreme Court case that blocked the state from obtaining the organization’s membership rolls.
Whitehouse then laid out an extensive critique of the Court’s Citizens United ruling, which he said undermined public confidence in the political system and the Supreme Court. Gorsuch, in keeping with his careful efforts to avoid revealing his views on cases, didn’t directly engage with those criticisms. But he said it was a “distressing” view that some see the Supreme Court as an extension of the political parties.
That didn’t give Whitehouse much to explore. So he instead closed his questioning by urging Gorsuch to think about the subject in antitrust terms, with Citizens United raising the risk that some factions could gain a “monopoly” in the political sphere. He also drew comparisons to administrative law and the phenomenon of “regulatory capture,” whereby regulators are “captured” by the influence and proximity of the companies and people they oversee.
“Nobody will capture me,” Gorsuch said, to laughter.
Wednesday’s hearings began as the Supreme Court handed down a series of rulings across the street from the Capitol, leading to an awkward moment for Gorsuch. Some of the senators asked him about his ruling in Thompson R2-J School District v. Luke P., a 2008 case in which Gorsuch sided with a school district against an autistic student. The student’s parents wanted tuition reimbursement to send him to a private school under the federal Individuals with Disabilities in Education Act, also known as IDEA. Gorsuch said the school district complied with the law because it provided educational benefits that were “merely more than de minimis,” a Latin legal term for “trivial.”
The Court declined to review that decision at the time. But Gorsuch’s de minimis standard was later used in a Tenth Circuit case that the Court did take up. And it was during Gorsuch’s hearing, wherein he defended his school-district ruling, that his would-be colleagues unanimously rejected his reasoning. When word reached him about the ruling during a brief recess, he expressed some regret to the senators.
“The fact of the matter is I was bound by circuit precedent,” Gorsuch told the committee. “I was wrong because I was bound by circuit precedent, and I’m sorry.”
Throughout the hearing, Republicans continued to praise Gorsuch for his record and answers. A new theme emerged in their comments, as multiple senators knocked their Democratic colleagues for allegedly attacking Gorsuch on a personal basis. Ted Cruz and Mike Lee compared the Democratic criticism of Gorsuch to the attacks leveled by President Trump against federal judge Gonzalo Curiel and the federal judges who ruled against his controversial travel ban.
“These are serious attacks,” Cruz said in stern tones. “Many of them impugn your integrity directly, and yet this is a confirmation hearing. The Founders understood a confirmation hearing would be in the political arena. My colleagues, the Democrats, have a right to engage in whatever attacks they choose, but it is a little rich for them to be maligning a sitting federal judge and at the same time giving speeches about how unacceptable it is for anyone to criticize a federal judge.”
Gorsuch himself didn’t address that point, nor have any Democratic senators responded to it. But it seems likely to become a theme as Republicans continue to defend the president’s nominee for the high court.



ARTICLE
During Monday’s White House briefing, Press Secretary Sean Spicer made a strange assertion. This is not unusual; in fact, Spicer makes strange assertions on such a regular basis that this one barely made a ripple outside of the press corps. James Comey had confirmed that morning that his FBI was investigating whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia to meddle in the presidential election.
Unbidden, Spicer brought up Paul Manafort, who had served as Trump’s campaign chairman during summer 2016. “Obviously there’s been discussion of Paul Manafort who played a very limited role for a very limited amount of time,” Spicer said. Reporters immediately reacted incredulously: Manafort had been the campaign chairman, after all!
The White House’s desire to preemptively distance itself from Manafort seemed more understandable Wednesday, after a big report from the Associated Press saying that Manafort worked for a Russian billionaire close to President Vladimir Putin in the mid-2000s, as part of an effort to advance Putin’s interests.
“Manafort proposed in a confidential strategy plan as early as June 2005 that he would influence politics, business dealings and news coverage inside the United States, Europe and the former Soviet republics to benefit the Putin government, even as U.S.-Russia relations under Republican President George W. Bush grew worse,” the AP reports.
Manafort confirmed he’d worked for the oligarch, who allegedly paid him some $10 million annually, but insisted his work was personal. “I worked with Oleg Deripaska almost a decade ago representing him on business and personal matters in countries where he had investments,” Manafort said in a statement. “My work for Mr. Deripaska did not involve representing Russia's political interests.”
This is a tough argument to make, because the AP acquired memos that Manafort allegedly wrote to Deripaska. One, for example, said, “We are now of the belief that this model can greatly benefit the Putin Government if employed at the correct levels with the appropriate commitment to success” and “will be offering a great service that can re-focus, both internally and externally, the policies of the Putin government.”
The AP report is also in line with what was previously known about Manafort. The longtime Republican fixer worked as a consigliere to now-deposed Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych, a Kremlin client. In August 2016, The New York Times reported on a dossier of documents about Manafort emerging from Ukraine, including allegations that Manafort received almost $13 million in off-book cash payments. He was also part of a strange deal involving an investment fund he created backed by Deripaska to purchase a telecom company. But that deal apparently went south, and Manafort in 2014 sued in the Cayman Islands to recover some assets from Deripaska.
That New York Times story was the first of several over the course of a few days, showing more questionable Manafort ties, as well as suggesting he might have broken U.S. laws by not lobbying as a foreign agent. Within the week, Manafort—already sidelined inside the Trump campaign by Steve Bannon and Kellyanne Conway—had been asked to resign.
The new AP report also resurfaces one unresolved oddity about Manafort’s role on the Trump campaign: He was working as a volunteer. But Manafort’s eye-popping eight-figure contract with Deripaska and his history as a hired gun, working for figures around the world with bad reputations, shows that he is not the sort of man who works for free, nor the sort of man who seeks out idealists as clients. If Trump was not paying him, who was? And to what end?
The story of the Trump presidency so far has been an almost suffocating cloud of billowing of smoke but little in the way of visible flames. The Manafort story, too, has been more smoke than fire, though the AP story moves the story closer to solid findings.
There remain many important questions to answer, which will answer whether there really is a fire.
First, did the Trump campaign understand what it was getting in Manafort? Certainly, Trump and his advisers should have. Eli Lake summed the news up as “Trump just hired his next scandal.” Perhaps the Trump team was unaware, but if so that would suggest astonishing incompetence and negligence, even by the low standards of Trump vetting.
A second possibility is that they were aware of at least some of Manafort’s unsavory ties but decided to overlook them. When Manafort was hired, the Trump campaign was in deep turmoil: Leading all Republican rivals, but consumed by chaos and in danger of heading to the Republican National Convention without the nomination clinched, where a floor fight could lead to party elders crushing Trump the outsider. Manafort had been a part of Gerald Ford’s successful floor fight against Ronald Reagan in 1976, and so he was brought on as a fixer. But Manafort quickly expanded his ambit, muscling out previous campaign manager Corey Lewandowski and taking over himself. His role at the RNC, and the way Trump and other aides spoke about Manafort over the summer did not indicate a limited or small role in the campaign.
A third possibility, and one that runs closest to liberal fever dreams of a full-on Russian manipulation of the election, is that Trump or some of his closest aides were well aware of Manafort’s ties to the Kremlin and saw them as a feature, not a bug. If Trump was trying to construct a Putin-friendly campaign, whether for purposes entirely innocent or nefarious, Manafort would have been an obvious hire.
Trump had made a habit of praising Putin for years before he hired Manafort. Nor was Manafort the only figure in the Trump orbit who had ties to Moscow. Former foreign-policy aide Carter Page has a tangle of Russian business ties. Several Trump advisers met with Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak at the RNC in Cleveland, including now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who misled Congress about the contact, and J.D. Gordon, another Trump aide. Michael Flynn, who served as national security adviser for about three weeks before being forced to resign for lying to Vice President Mike Pence about conversations with Kislyak, has become a full-on Russophile, and Flynn was close to Bannon, not Manafort.
One strange episode that occurred in Cleveland was the writing of the GOP’s platform on Ukraine. The Republican Party has historically taken a hard line on Russia, and been critical of Russian expansionism around its borders. That included pushing back on Russia’s annexation of the Ukrainian region of Crimea after Yanukovych’s overthrow, a seizure that almost the entire international community views as unlawful. Some members of the platform committee wanted to insert a pledge to send defensive weapons to Ukrainians facing Russian incursion. But others steamrolled them, making sure the plank was not included.
Trump aides were widely blamed for the move, though the campaign denied it. Certainly, it seemed fishy that the party would reverse its stance on a matter where Manafort had been working on behalf of the pro-Kremlin Ukrainian faction.
Comey confirmed Monday only that the FBI was investigating collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. He did not indicate who, if anyone, was on the bureau’s radar screen. While the AP report does not say so directly, today’s story would strongly suggest that Paul Manafort is under investigation, as has been previously reported. But is he the only one? And if not, who else? Longtime on-and-off Trump adviser Roger Stone is reportedly under investigation. Is Carter Page? Or J.D. Gordon? How about Michael Flynn, who recently disclosed he had lobbied for the Turkish government immediately before joining the administration? What about Sessions, who has recused himself from the investigation? Or even Trump himself?
It will take time for answers to these questions to emerge, and even the White House does not seem to know who might be in FBI sights. The White House believed as late as Monday morning that there was no FBI investigation, according to Ryan Lizza, and Spicer said on Monday he was unaware of any contacts between Manafort and Russian agents or suspected Russian agents.
Meanwhile, despite Trump pushing Manafort out in August after the damaging stories, the AP reports Wednesday, and The Daily Beast reported last year, that Manafort remains in regular touch with Trump.
After the AP published its story on Wednesday, Spicer made another strange assertion. Having been eager to downplay Manafort’s role on Monday, he was far more tightlipped two days later, telling NBC’s Peter Alexander it would be inappropriate to comment on someone who was not a White House employee. The abrupt change in policy notwithstanding, the matter of just whose employee Paul Manafort was is not going away.



ARTICLE
Representative Devin Nunes, a Republican, is chairman of the House Intelligence Committee. He is therefore leading a key probe into whether or not Donald Trump’s presidential campaign had ties to Russian meddling in the 2016 election.
Can an inquiry he leads be trusted?
The skeptics include Evan McMullin, the former CIA operative who launched an independent bid for the presidency last year, billing himself as a conservative alternative to the Republican nominee. He says the House GOP “can't be trusted to investigate Russia & Trump's Kremlin ties,” adding, “a special select committee is needed.” And that mistrust seemed vindicated Tuesday when Nunes responded to a journalist’s question about the Russia investigation with a highly dubious answer.
The journalist was David Corn, a progressive who works at Mother Jones. He asked Nunes about Carter Page and Roger Stone, two figures whose ties to both Trump’s presidential campaign and Russia have piqued widespread interest and media coverage. Nunes insisted that he wasn’t familiar with either man.
“You haven’t heard of Carter Page and all these other people?” Corn asked.
“No,” Nunes said.
“I mean,” Corn replied, “there were about five names mentioned by the Democrats.”
“I don’t know these people,” Nunes said.
Said an incredulous Corn, “You’ve not heard of Carter Page or Roger Stone?”
“No,” Nunes insisted, “I’ve heard of Manafort,” Trump’s former campaign chairman, who was paid handsomely to do work for a pro-Russia faction in Ukraine, and was later replaced by Trump, apparently due to public controversy over those ties.
Was Nunes being honest?
Well, look closer at these people who are supposedly unfamiliar to a man leading an investigation into ties between the Russian government and the Trump campaign. Carter Page was a foreign-policy adviser to Trump when he was a candidate. My colleague Julia Ioffe probed the weird nature of his position in the campaign.
The New York Times reported that he traveled to Moscow to speak at a Russian university prior to the election. And he met with the Russian ambassador during the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, despite previously claiming on TV that he had no such meetings. Neither act is a smoking gun proving that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia. But anyone investigating the possibility would be incompetent or dishonest if they insisted that they’d never even heard of the man.
(The Senate intelligence committee has heard of him.)
It seems even less likely that Nunes has never heard of Roger Stone, given his long career in Republican politics and frequent media appearances over the years.
Stone is germane to this story because he worked on the Trump campaign and communicated on Twitter with a hacker alleged to have facilitated the leaks of DNC emails.
“One of the president’s close friends and advisers is now acknowledging some contact with a Twitter handle U.S. officials considered a front for Russian intelligence,” CBS reported. “On at least 16 different occasions during the 2016 campaign, Guccifer disclosed Democratic Party data targeting Hillary Clinton and Democratic candidates.” Again, that does not prove coordination with the Trump campaign, or that Guccifer is actually a front for Russian intelligence. For his part, Stone insists that the contact with Guccifer was “innocuous.” But it is absurd for the chair of the House intelligence committee to be unaware of Stone––so absurd that one cannot help but suspect that Nunes is lying. Hence my deeper probing.
On February 14, the New York Times  published the article “Trump Campaign Aids Had Repeated Contacts with Russian Intelligence.” It included this paragraph:

The F.B.I. has closely examined at least three other people close to Mr. Trump, although it is unclear if their calls were intercepted. They are Carter Page, a businessman and former foreign policy adviser to the campaign; Roger Stone, a longtime Republican operative; and Mr. Flynn.

Note those three names.
The White House then asked key intelligence officials and lawmakers to debunk the article, according to the Washington Post. Nunes was one of them: “Nunes spoke on the record and was subsequently quoted in the Wall Street Journal,” the newspaper reported.
Later, on March 3, during a television interview with a local news affiliate in his district, Nunes was asked about the Russia investigation and a Fresno Bee editorial that called him a “paper tiger” who was not equipped to lead the effort.
In the course of a long, meandering series of answers, Nunes said, “I think where people are getting confused at is, there was a New York Times story where three Americans were named in that story. And I was asked whether or not I was going to bring those people before the committee and ask them questions. And I said, ‘Absolutely not.’ I said we cannot go on witch hunts against the American people just because their name ends up in a newspaper story, because look, we know this, all newspapers are biased … I have to be very careful not to start hunting down Americans and bringing them before the legislative branch of government just because they appeared in a newspaper story as being a friend of some foreign government.”
In other words, far from being unfamiliar with Carter Page and Roger Stone, Nunes apparently concluded weeks ago that it would be improper for his committee to call them to testify, ostensibly because he doesn’t trust the objectivity of the New York Times—this despite the fact that, as best I can tell, the local news interview happened after Page went on live television and admitted to meeting with the Russian ambassador at the RNC, reversing his prior, inaccurate public position.
In any event, Nunes needn’t have ever trusted the New York Times to figure out that both Page and Stone have ties to Russia. What he told his constituents is just not credible.
Now, weeks later, Nunes tells David Corn—and by extension, the American public—that he is flat-out unfamiliar with Page and Stone, both having been subject to massive media attention; attention including mentions in a prominent news article Nunes helped Trump rebut; mentions Nunes alluded to earlier this month.
Given all that, do you trust Nunes to run this investigation honestly?



ARTICLE
During the 2016 election, dozens of voters told me they would vote for Donald Trump partly because they were sick of “social justice warriors” and political correctness. “There is no saying ‘Hey, I disagree with you,’ it's just instant shunning,” a 22-year-old told me in a long exchange on the subject. “Say things online, and they'll try to find out who you are and potentially even get you fired for it.”
Nothing was less popular among this cohort than those who targeted someone’s job, or took glee in their denying them the ability to earn a living, over their speech or political views.
And yet, as best I can tell, they are silent this week. There is no appreciable backlash among President Trump’s supporters to a Kentucky rally where he gleefully bragged about his role in publicly shaming a man for his political views, and the ongoing inability of that man to find a job because of his call-out.
The man is Colin Kaepernick, who became a subject of controversy during his time with the San Francisco 49ers. The quarterback would protest during the pre-game singing of the National Anthem, declaring that "I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color.”
Many Americans took offense at the politically incorrect protest.
Today, Kaepernick is a free agent. It isn’t clear whether his bygone protests have prevented him from being signed or if he’d be having trouble finding a new job regardless.
Nevertheless, Trump is taking credit. In the past he has criticized Kaepernick. “And you know, your San Francisco quarterback,” Trump told that rally. “...it was reported that NFL owners don’t want to pick him up because they don’t want to get a nasty tweet from Donald Trump. Do you believe that? I just saw that. I just saw that. I said if I remember that one I’m gonna report it to the people of the Kentucky. Because they like it when people actually stand for the American flag.”

The crowd cheered.
“Social Justice Warrior” is a pejorative some use for people whose progressive advocacy on race, gender, or other identity issues strays into excessive attacks on perceived enemies. At that Kentucky rally, Trump behaved like a Social Injustice Warrior. And those who cheered him demonstrated that they have no principled opposition to political correctness––just a desire that their sensitivities dictate who gets punished. They just happen to be more sensitive to perceived insults to the U.S. flag than perceived insults to African Americans or Hispanics or gay people or women.
President Obama offers an instructive contrast. Though frequently criticized for political correctness, he didn’t use the bully pulpit to shame any individual on the right or left for peaceful political protest (unless you count calling Kanye West a jackass in a remark not intended for the public after the rapper  hijacked a Taylor Swift awards speech, among other shenanigans). Obama did once intervene in a political controversy when criticizing a police officer who handcuffed Henry Louis Gates in front of his house. But far from trying to get that public employee fired (then gloating about his dire job prospects), Obama invited everyone involved to a “beer summit” to smooth things over. Many on the right criticized even that gesture as an abuse of the bully pulpit—and no one can deny the singular power of the president and the unusual responsibility those who hold that office ought bear.
Perhaps I’ve even forgotten or failed to unearth another example of two from Obama. Yet many who upbraided Obama for criticism of individual citizens that was extremely rare and uniformly non-punitive remain untroubled, or at least silent, even as Trump regularly uses the presidential pulpit to bully private citizens, going so far as to openly brag about his personal role in keeping them unemployed!
Weeks ago I noted all the ways that Trump’s tenure is distorted by his embrace of political correctness. Add the attack on Kaepernick to his hypocrisy-filled rap sheet.



ARTICLE
It’s not exactly controversial to note that, when it comes to health-care policy, the president of the United States doesn’t know his ear from his elbow.  His comment last month that “Nobody knew health care could be so complicated!” was, by Trumpian standards, an impressively frank admission of ignorance—not merely of the U.S. health care system itself, but of several decades of political attempts to tame the beast.
Nor is the famously scattered Trump much known for hunkering down and engaging in the legislative give-and-take necessary to move a complex bill through Congress. Trump fancies himself a primo negotiator but not that kind of negotiator. In his administration, such grunt work is left to aides and advisers. After all, why waste a perfectly good weekend talking policy provisions with Ted Cruz when he could be doing something more fun like—well, pretty much anything?
Trump has vanishingly little interest in the details—or even really the substance—of the policy product he is selling. What tickles this president’s fancy is making the actual sale. Salesmanship (of a sort) is what got him to the Oval Office, and it’s clearly what he regards as his chief mission now that he’s there. In many ways, that is exactly as it should be.
Whatever his personal thoughts on Ryancare (assuming he has any), Trump has spent the past couple of weeks hawking the plan with gusto. On numerous occasions he has sat down with GOP critics of the proposal—one-on-one, in groups, at the White House, on the Hill, at Mar-a-Lago—to do some combination of ego stroking and arm twisting. Monday night, he and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell held a massive pep rally for the proposal in Kentucky, the home state of Ryancare’s chief Senate hater, Rand Paul.
Trump is not subtle with his political threats. At a closed-door meeting with House Republicans on Tuesday, he predicted that a failure to pass Ryancare would bring doom in the midterm elections. “I believe many of you will lose in 2018,” he reportedly warned. “Honestly, a loss is not acceptable, folks.”
Trump even singled out Mark Meadows, the chairman of the ultraconservative House Freedom Caucus, many of whose members oppose Ryancare. Stand in the way of this overhaul, Trump ribbed Meadows, and “I’m coming after you.”
Say this for 45: If there’s one thing he relishes, it’s making life uncomfortable for anyone who thwarts his will.
This is a crucial skill for a president. Brains, heart, vision—these qualities are all well and good. But if a leader is a lousy salesman, he’s going to have a tough time getting anything done. And even when he does make progress, unless he can convince the electorate of the rightness of that progress, he’ll suffer massive—potentially fatal—blowback.
Just ask Trump’s predecessor. Barack Obama had many fine gifts, but even he acknowledged that he kinda stunk at hawking his agenda, to either the public or the Congress. His bone-deep aversion to schmoozing—with political friends and enemies alike—became a topic of endless criticism. Journalistic eminence Bob Woodward rarely missed an opportunity to smack Obama for not inviting Republican leaders over for a beer or a smoke or a fun-filled movie night.
Unlike, say, Bill Clinton, Obama radiated distaste for the dirty, messy nature of politics. Oh, sure, now and again he would try to whip up public support for a plan—or invite a handful of lawmakers over to watch the Super Bowl. But overwhelmingly he strove to stay above the fray and wasted little to no effort on cultivating relationships with members of Congress.
This had its obvious downsides. When, for instance, the Republican Party set its sights on convincing the American people that Obamacare was the root of all evil, Obama wasn’t really built to defend himself or his signature achievement.  That’s just not the kind of president he was.
Trump, by contrast, does not seem to care a fig about ideas. And he is really only happy when up to his comb-over in the political fray, punching and counterpunching and firing up his fans. He is also said to be quite the charmer in private. (No sexual predation jokes, please.) Already he has been inviting tough critics from both sides of the aisle over for tete-a-tetes. He even hosted Ted Cruz’s family for dinner earlier this month.
Convincing other people to accept his position, whether by charm or intimidation, is what drives Trump. Which suggests he will use his bully pulpit and salesmanship skills to a degree unseen in a president, perhaps ever.
Of course, this approach comes with its own risks. With Trump evincing so little interest in the content of what he is selling, what happens not when he fails, but when he successfully sells a big fat lemon to the American people? If it doesn’t happen on health care, it could happen on tax reform or infrastructure or trade or, if Paul Ryan has his way, entitlement changes.
Maybe Trump is counting on some mix of his gut instincts and the savvy of his inner circle to save him from such a fate. Or maybe he figures that, if his achievements prove unpopular, he can simply use his sales flair to deflect the blame onto Democrats or CNN or Paul Ryan.  
But that is a dilemma for another day. For now, Trump is employing his particular skill set to try to help his team realize its tricky 7-year quest to kill Obamacare. Win or lose, you gotta give the guy props for trying.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s first two months in office have obviously been rocky. But the disruptions have mainly been internally generated—Trump’s tweets, the tensions and shakeups in his staff, his battles with the press, the investigations—rather than responses to genuine external emergencies. By historic standards, not much has really “happened” in the outside world since January 20.
Sooner or later, something will happen, and Trump and his administration will have to respond.
In mid-April of his first year in office, the new president John Kennedy had to deal with Bay of Pigs fiasco that he had authorized. In early April of his first year, the new president George W. Bush had to manage the repercussions of Chinese and U.S. military planes colliding midair off Chinese territory, and the U.S. plane being forced to a landing at a Chinese base. (Not to mention what happened in September of his first year.)
In early October of his first year, the new president Bill Clinton oversaw the “Black Hawk Down” debacle, when two U.S. helicopters were shot down over Mogadishu. The political consequences of that moment are with us to this day. (How? Until that weekend, Clinton’s ambitious “HillaryCare” health-plan proposal was controversial but still on track for likely passage. For reasons I discussed long ago in an Atlantic article and in my book Breaking the News, the Black Hawk Down episode was a major turning point in public support for Clinton and his ability to concentrate on this plan. It never passed; thus 16 years later the next Democratic president labored to enact Obamacare; and thus we have the politics of Congress this week.)
Something has happened to every new president, and something will happen to Donald Trump. It is inevitable. And when that something occurs, it is also inevitable that his administration will need to say, Trust us on this. That’s in the nature of foreign emergencies. It can take a long time to figure out the truth. Even when the truth is known, some of it remains too sensitive to reveal. (Who exactly were the Bay of Pigs invaders hoping to find as allies inside Castro’s Cuba? What exactly was aboard the U.S. surveillance plane that was forced down onto Chinese territory?) So without having all the facts on the table and in public view, an administration inevitably relies on a cushion of domestic and international trust that it is telling some version of the truth, that it is doing its best to weigh evidence and be straight about the results.
The inevitability of this moment, when a new president says Trust me, is why so many veteran officials have warned about Donald Trump’s habit of incessantly telling instantly disprovable lies. Some of the lies don’t really matter: “biggest inaugural crowd ever,” when photos showed it was comparatively small. Some of them obviously would matter, if they were true: millions of illegal voters, wiretapped by Obama. But of course they’re not true, and everyone except Trump and his coterie can look at the evidence and know that. Thus the problem: If an administration will lie about facts where the contradictory evidence is in plain sight, how can we possibly believe them on anything else?
It’s a point countless politicians have made—for instance, Representative Adam Schiff of California, the most effective questioner in yesterday’s testimony by James Comey of the FBI and Admiral Mike Rogers of the NSA. As Schiff put it last week:

If six months from now the president should say that Iran is cheating on the nuclear agreement, if he's making that up, it’s a real problem. If he’s not making [it] up and it’s true, it’s an even bigger problem because the question is: Would people believe him? Would the American people believe him? Would people around the world believe him? And that has real-world consequences.

Across the aisle, New York’s Representative Peter King echoed his concerns:

That’s what he has to worry about, yeah, that when a real crisis does come along. And we could well have a crisis with North Korea, we could have a crisis with China, we could have a crisis with Russia for that matter. Or just some terrorist group out there: where the president gets real intelligence, saying that a real attack could be occurring, and people may think it’s the same as his tweet about Obama.

* * *
Adam Schiff’s “six months from now” is now. Via a tweet from Royal Jordanian airlines yesterday, travelers heard about the latest “anti-terror” security restriction: the prohibition on computers and other large electronic devices in the cabins of certain flights from the Middle East.
Even by the standards of the “security theater” era, do these rules make sense? At the moment none of us on the outside can know.
There’s some evidence in their favor. The Brits have followed up with their own version of the limitation, which counts for something. The limitation is crafted more or less the way a restriction would be if it were based on real intelligence, with specific locations and flights. Perhaps most reassuringly of all, the policy was announced not in a pre-dawn tweet from Trump or in a rally ad-lib but in the understated way a bona-fide security change would go into effect.
On Tuesday evening, The Daily Beast reported that the ban was based on information seized in the January raid on al-Qaeda in Yemen, citing three intelligence officials. That reportedly included evidence of the group’s successful development of battery bombs that could fit inside a laptop, but which would need to be manually triggered.
But there’s also plenty of reason for skepticism, as security-minded writers like Zeynep Tufekci were quick to point out. If laptops are that big a threat, why only on these routes? If the worry is about bombs, wouldn’t they do just as much damage in checked baggage in the hold? (That is where the bomb that brought down Pan Am flight 103, over Lockerbie, Scotland, was placed by Libyan agents in 1988.) Won’t this be a gigantic hit to business travel on the affected airlines, since travelers won’t be able to use computers and would worry about theft from or data interference in equipment they had to check? Since the affected routes involve Muslim countries, is this just the perfection of Rudy Giuliani’s vision of disguising a “Muslim ban” to look like something else?
You can read additional skeptical interpretations from Henry Farrell and Abraham Newman in The Washington Post (Trump, they say, is “weaponizing interdependence” and, purposefully or not, favoring U.S. carriers over their competitors) and Daniel Gross in Slate (who says this is “misguided and xenophobic,” as well as being “a giant middle finger” to the world’s business travelers.)
But here’s the real point: if this change had come from the Obama administration, whose policies I generally supported, I would have assumed there was some real-world evidence behind it. If it had come from the George W. Bush administration, whose foreign policy I generally opposed, I would still have thought, They’re probably not making this up. Indeed, one of the most intrusive security changes during the Bush years—the  ban on all but tiny quantities of liquids aboard planes—may  have been excessive, but it had an argument behind it (and eventually a famed “underwear bomber” case as illustration, as Bruce Schneier explains here).
That is: I didn’t “trust” the GW Bush administration in the largest sense, and I specifically disagreed with its Just trust us! claims about classified intelligence behind its most disastrous strategic choice, to invade Iraq. But looking back I realize that on breaking-news security matters like TSA rules, even I assumed it was dealing in the real world of knowable facts.
After what he has said about crowd size, about wiretapping, about birtherism, about what James Comey was testifying (even as the rest of the world could watch it on TV), no sane person can assume that Donald Trump is operating in that same realm of knowable fact. The instant skepticism about the laptop ban is the first case showing why that matters: He needs us to trust him, and we can’t.
There will be another case. And it will matter more.



ARTICLE
During a private meeting with House Republicans, President Trump reportedly told lawmakers that they could lose their seats in 2018 if they don’t back the GOP health-care bill. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell issued a similar warning, telling reporters “the American people would be deeply disappointed” if Republican dissenters keep the bill from passing the House on Thursday. Members of the Senate Judiciary Committee questioned Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch. Trump signed a bill authorizing $19.5 billion to fund NASA programs. The Department of Homeland Security banned passengers on U.S.-bound flights from 10 airports in the Middle East and North Africa from carrying electronics larger than a cellphone into the main cabin.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Digging a Hole: The New York Times reports that Trump’s obsessive need to fight back against the Russian allegations is making it hard for Republicans to stay on message—and “making an uncertain situation worse.” (Glenn Thrush and Maggie Haberman)
The School of Trumpism: Jon Baskin traveled to the Claremont Colleges in search of the “West Coast Straussians,” a group of political philosophers who have become the vanguards of the Trump administration. (The Chronicle of Higher Education)
Ivanka in the White House: The president’s daughter previously said she would have no formal role in the Trump administration, but now, she’s getting an office in the West Wing. Experts say the “unprecedented arrangement” raises serious ethical questions. (Annie Karni, Politico)
Plucky in Kentucky: During a rally in Louisville, Kentucky, President Trump aimed to drum up support for the Republicans’ health-care proposal, but “one of the biggest cheers of the night” came when he promised to revive the state’s coal industry. (Deborah Yetter, Courier-Journal)
Meet the Schlapps: Matt and Mercedes Schlapp are establishment conservatives —“experienced political operatives with gold-plated résumés”—whose early support of Trump earned them roles as unofficial advisers. Now, they are prepared to be his unofficial ambassadors to “The Swamp.” (Ben Terris, The Washington Post)
 
The Coal Industry Is Sick—and It’s Terminal’: Coal production and coal jobs have steadily declined over the past few years, and automation is now more of a threat to the industry than regulation. These charts illustrate the industry’s “death spiral.” (Shane Savitsky, Axios)
Monday marked the beginning of what will probably be Judge Neil Gorsuch’s toughest job interview: his Supreme Court confirmation hearings. If you were on the Senate Judiciary Committee, what would you ask Gorsuch?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
On Monday night, Brigitte Gabriel, head of ACT for America, tweeted that she was, “In D.C, preparing for my meeting at the White House. What topics would you like me to address?” Among the replies: “Ban sharia law from US,”, “Officially identify Islam as a political system and not a ‘religion’” and “ask how we can get islam [sic] ed out our schools & universities?”
The Trump administration hasn’t confirmed the meeting, but no one familiar with Gabriel—a Lebanese-born Christian who distorts Lebanese history to incite hatred of Muslims—would find those replies surprising. Her organization, ACT for America, is the largest grassroots purveyor of anti-Muslim bigotry in the United States.
Many conservatives claim they oppose only “radical Islam.” Gabriel doesn’t bother with such euphemisms. “Islam,” she wrote in her 2008 book, They Must Be Stopped, “has created and unleashed an uncontrollable wave of hatred and rage, on the world, and we must brace ourselves for the consequences. Going forward we must realize that the portent behind the terrorist attacks is the purest form of what the Prophet Mohammed created. It’s not radical Islam. It’s what Islam is at its core.”
In 2007, she declared that “If a Muslim who has—who is—a practicing Muslim who believes the word of the Koran to be the word of Allah, who abides by Islam, who goes to mosque and prays every Friday, who prays five times a day—this practicing Muslim, who believes in the teachings of the Koran, cannot be a loyal citizen to the United States of America.” After Khizr Khan held up a copy of the US Constitution in his speech at last year’s Democratic national convention, Gabriel accused him of lying. “Waving the Constitution,” she declared, “is a misrepresentation when one’s religion teaches that it and any other man-made law, for that matter, are to be removed and superseded by the Quran.”
As these quotes suggest, Gabriel does not consider Islam a religion like Judaism or Christianity but rather a totalitarian political ideology like Nazism or Soviet communism. Thus, she does not believe Muslims deserve the freedoms of worship and association enshrined in the First Amendment. ACT lobbies to ban the Council on American-Islamic Relations—a Muslim civil rights organization that Gabriel calls a front for the Muslim Brotherhood—from addressing state legislatures. In more than a dozen states, ACT has helped introduce legislation to ban the use of Sharia law by state courts. Such bans would prevent a Muslim prisoner from citing Islamic law to justify suing a state prison for not providing her Halal food. They would, argues the ACLU, have the effect of “denying Muslims the same religious accommodations afforded to people of other faiths.”
For ACT, that’s exactly the point. The organization has condemned cities with large Muslim populations for serving halal food in public schools. In 2013, its Houston chapter urged members to “protest” food companies that certify their meat as compliant with Islamic dietary law. ACT tries to dissuade Jews and Christians from conducting interfaith dialogue with Muslims. And in state after state, it has lobbied state legislatures and school boards to purge textbooks of references that create “an inaccurate comparison between Islam, Christianity and Judaism.” Gabriel’s agenda isn’t subtle. She wants to stigmatize, and to some degree criminalize, the practice of Islam.
As of Tuesday afternoon, the Trump administration had not confirmed Gabriel’s meeting, but she later posted photos of herself at the White House on Facebook.
In February, she distributed a photo of herself with Trump at Mar-a-Lago, where she had delivered a “national security briefing.” Former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn served on ACT’s board. CIA Director Mike Pompeo last year won the group’s National Security Eagle Award. Trump counterterrorism advisor Sebastian Gorka has spoken before ACT chapters.
Last December, Gabriel wrote that “ACT for America has a direct line to Donald Trump, and has played a fundamental role in shaping his views and suggested policies with respect to radical Islam.” Since Trump launched his campaign for president, the unthinkable has become not only thinkable, but pedestrian. The president and his aides have transgressed prior standards of decency and honesty in so many ways that it’s sometimes hard to remember what those standards even were.
Yet doing so is essential. A woman who leads an organization dedicated to persecuting people because of their faith just boasted about her access to the White House. If confirmed, her invitation will say something terrible about America’s president. If she can visit the White House without being greeted by protests, it will say something terrible about America’s people.  



ARTICLE
Muslims may be the religious group that’s most talked about and least understood in the U.S. President Trump has put Islam at the center of his policymaking, making shaky claims about how assimilated Muslims are into American life. And yet, in part because the group is so small, actual data about their religiosity, political leanings, and engagement with American culture is relatively scarce.
A new survey from the Institute for Social Policy and Understanding, or ISPU, offers a rare look at this changing community. The report covers interviews with nearly 2,400 American residents from diverse religious backgrounds, including roughly 800 Muslims. The data suggest that this rapidly growing group is strongly shaped by a few factors. U.S. Muslims are younger and more liberal than their neighbors. They tend to be fairly religious. And they are extremely anxious about what’s happening in America.
Over the past decade, the Muslim community has grown significantly. According to the Pew Research Center, their share of the U.S. population more than doubled between 2007 and 2014. The group now makes up roughly 1 percent of the populace.
Muslim identity has evolved along with their population size. George W. Bush-era conventional wisdom held that Muslims were a natural constituency for the Republican Party. By the 2016 election, that had radically changed: ISPU found that only 15 percent of Muslims in their survey wanted Trump to win over Hillary Clinton in November, including those who are not eligible to vote.
Given Trump’s often-hostile rhetoric on Islam, it’s not surprising that Muslims overwhelmingly preferred Clinton. But their preferences were even further left than that: In a choice between Trump, Clinton, and Bernie Sanders, 27 percent of all Muslim respondents preferred the failed Democratic primary challenger. Among people under 30, the figure was even higher, at 40 percent.
This is what’s most distinctive about American Muslims—not how liberal they are, but how young they are. ISPU estimates that 37 percent of voting-age Muslims in America are under 30, and 80 percent are under 50. These figures do not include children under 18.
Muslim Americans Are Extremely Young
Since November, Muslims in America seem to have gone through a political awakening. Many have started giving more money to their mosques and community centers, and others have joined, donated to, or volunteered with a civic organization for the first time.
Among young Muslims in particular, this political engagement seems to be focused on civil rights. Perceptions of discrimination based on race or religion are fairly common: 38 percent of Muslims under 30 reported experiencing religious bigotry regularly or occasionally, and a little less than one-third had regularly or occasionally experienced instances of racial bias. This was an especially common experience among the young: Muslims over 50 were significantly less likely than those under 50 to report experiencing these kinds of discriminatory acts. Compared to their elders, young Muslims are also more likely to see bigotry, discrimination, and civil rights as the number one issue facing their country: 36 percent of respondents under 30 said this was the case.
Since the election, roughly one-fifth of young Muslims have made plans to leave the country, if necessary.
In this way, young Muslims are much like others in their generation. They are extremely racially diverse, and their attitudes toward politics, race, and discrimination generally mirror those of other young, ethnic minorities: 72 percent of Muslims in the ISPU survey expressed support for Black Lives Matter, which is in the same ballpark as what all African Americans and Asian Americans said about the group in a June survey from the University of Chicago. They voted at roughly the same rates as their generational peers: 48 percent of eligible Muslims under 30 cast a ballot in November, according to ISPU, compared to 50 percent of all eligible voters under 30, according to research from Tufts University.
But young Muslims are also distinctive in important ways. They’re more likely to have been born in the U.S. than their elders, but many are still immigrants: Roughly 45 percent of 18-to-29-year-old Muslims living in America were born elsewhere. Like their Millennial peers, they’re largely disconnected from religious institutions: Only slightly more than one-third said they attend worship services at least once a week. But unlike other Millennials, young Muslims are also extremely likely to affirm the importance of religion: 91 percent of Muslims said this was the case, compared to 56 percent of people under 30 in the general public. While older Muslims are just as likely as other Americans over 50 to say their faith matters to them, younger Muslims feel very different about religion than their generational peers.
Young Muslims Tend to Be More Religious Than Their Peers
Muslim political identity is increasingly being formed in the context of fear. Since the 2016 election, roughly one-fifth of Muslims under 30 have made plans to leave the country, if necessary. Nearly half of young Muslims say they fear for their personal safety because of groups like neo-Nazis, white supremacists, or the Ku Klux Klan. Muslims, overall, are experiencing more anxiety about safety than any other religious or non-religious group, according to ISPU’s survey. The only surveyed group that even comes close are Jews.
The Muslim community in the Trump era will be led by the young, whose lives are increasingly defined by their political environment. Because Muslim Millennials are so unusual among their peers, bringing experiences of faith and diverse national backgrounds to their civic engagement, they have the chance to offer a distinctive voice. The question, now, is how much that voice will change with their generation, blending into a sea of calls for an end to discrimination.



ARTICLE
Updated at 9:03 p.m. ET
On the second day of his confirmation hearings to be a Supreme Court justice, Neil Gorsuch seemed eager to be judged on his own merits. But three figures loomed over the proceedings—the two jurists he’s being closely evaluated against, and the president who’s injected controversy into his nomination.
One is Antonin Scalia, the longtime conservative jurist who Gorsuch hopes to replace on the U.S. Supreme Court. President Trump vowed during the campaign to nominate a jurist “in the mold” of Scalia—a pledge that thrilled conservatives as much as it worried liberals.
But attempts by the Democratic senators on Tuesday to reveal new dimensions of Gorsuch’s ideological beliefs were largely unsuccessful. The 49-year-old federal appellate judge from Colorado declined to offer his views on any issues that could come before the Court. Giving any forecasts or hints, he repeatedly told the committee’s members, would rob future litigants of an impartial arbiter and violate his oath of judicial ethics.
That didn’t stop Democrats from trying. California Senator Dianne Feinstein inquired multiple times about his views on abortion rights and whether he’d uphold Roe v. Wade if confirmed. “It’s a precedent of the United States Supreme Court,” he replied, offering a purely textbook description of the case without a hint of interpretation. My colleague Emma Green noted last month that Gorsuch’s lack of prior writings about abortion rights have made him something of a Rorschach test on the issue for all sides; nothing he said during Tuesday’s hearing will change that.
Later on, when Illinois Senator Dick Durbin asked whether he thought sexual orientation falls under the protection of the phrase “equal justice under law,” Gorsuch replied laconically that the Supreme Court had ruled “single-sex marriage” was protected by the Constitution. Minnesota Senator Al Franken pressed him further on his personal views about marriage equality, but Gorsuch repeatedly refused to share them. He did respond, however, that Obergefell v. Hodges, which struck down same-sex marriage bans nationwide in 2015, was “absolutely settled law.”
A second figure haunting Tuesday’s proceedings was Merrick Garland, the chief judge of the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals. Former President Barack Obama nominated Garland to fill the vacancy left by Scalia’s death in February 2016, but Republican senators refused to take up the nomination until after the presidential election.
Democrats still seethed over what they perceived as the theft of a Supreme Court seat. Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy, a Democrat, said the Senate Judiciary Committee’s refusal to hold hearings for Garland had “severely damaged” the body’s reputation. Republicans retorted by claiming nobody’s hands are clean in the increasing politicization of Supreme Court confirmation hearings. South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham, a Republican, happily cited former Vice President Joe Biden’s remarks in 1992 in favor of blocking an election-year nomination.
But Gorsuch, for his part, tried to avoid the issue entirely. He simply told Leahy it would be “imprudent” for him or other judges to comment on political disputes between the other branches.
But no one loomed over Tuesday’s hearing like President Trump, whose policies and personal views informed many Democrats’ questioning in the grueling 11-hour session. His controversial comments on judicial independence and disdain for the federal judiciary’s power to review his actions have drawn widespread condemnation from legal circles. Whether Gorsuch would be a bulwark against any potential constitutional transgressions or a rubber stamp was a central theme of multiple Democratic senators’ inquiries.
This led to the most contentious exchange between Gorsuch and a senator, when Leahy asked the judge about his views on Trump’s controversial travel ban targeting six Muslim-majority countries. Leahy wanted to know: Would Gorsuch uphold the ban if it came before him on the Supreme Court, as one Republican legislator claimed?
“Senator, he has no idea how I’d rule in that case, and senator, I’m not going to say anything here that would give anybody any idea how I’d rule in any case like that that could come before the Supreme Court or my court of the Tenth Circuit,” Gorsuch replied with clear irritation. “It would be grossly improper for a judge to do that.”
Leahy pressed him further. “Well, is the president’s national-security determinations—are those reviewable by the court?” he asked, referencing the Trump administration’s initial argument in the early stages of the travel-ban litigation that they are not reviewable. “Senator, no man is above the law,” Gorsuch replied.
Leahy then tweaked his query, asking if a court’s national-security determinations should be unreviewable by the courts. Gorsuch did not answer directly, but instead pointed to Justice Robert H. Jackson’s concurrence in Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer, the landmark case where the Court overruled President Truman’s seizure of the nation’s steel mills during the Korean War. Jackson’s three-level test for when the president is properly exercising his executive power, Gorsuch told Leahy, would be the applicable standard for the courts in those cases.
Durbin also asked Gorsuch about his thoughts on Korematsu v. United States, the widely condemned decision in which the Supreme Court upheld the internment of Japanese-Americans during World War II. “What do you think about the role of the Court challenging the military or the commander in chief in time of war?” he asked. “Are we up to it in terms of constitutional protection and the role of the Court?”
“We better be,” Gorsuch responded. One of his mentors “taught me that the test of the rule of law is whether the government can lose in its own courts, and accept the judgment of those courts,” he explained. “That doesn’t happen everywhere else around the world. We take it for granted in this country. It’s a remarkable blessing from our forefathers. And it is a daunting prospect as a judge to have to carry that baton.”
Gorsuch later made his first public rebuke of Trump’s criticisms of federal judge Gonzalo Curiel, who presided over the Trump University case last year, and the federal judges overseeing the travel-ban cases in the Ninth Circuit. In response to a question from Connecticut Democrat Richard Blumenthal on Curiel, Gorsuch said he couldn’t talk about specific cases and didn’t want to get involved in politics.
Yet he did offer a comment—and the subject of his remarks was obvious. Gorsuch first noted that judges have to be tough in the face of public criticism. That criticism dates back to Thomas Jefferson’s complaints about Marbury v. Madison, he reminded the committee, and it’s protected by the First Amendment. But he objected to attacks on “the integrity or honesty or independence of a judge, [or] their motives,” adding that the job of a jurist can be a “lonely” one.
“I know these people and I know how decent they are,” he said firmly. “And when anyone criticizes the honesty or integrity, the motives of a federal judge, I find that disheartening. I find that demoralizing. Because I know the truth.”
“Anyone including the president of the United States?” Blumenthal asked.
“Anyone is anyone,” Gorsuch replied.



ARTICLE
Updated on March 21 at 5:15 p.m. ET
President Trump tried negotiating with conservatives on health care.
He brought them to the White House and treated them to a night of bowling. He listened to their concerns about Speaker Paul Ryan’s American Health Care Act. With his customary fanfare, Trump even made the House leadership—despite their initial protests—rewrite key portions of their bill to appease the right. The revised version cuts Obamacare’s taxes sooner, allows states to make the able-bodied poor work for Medicaid, and ensures that people can’t use its new tax credits to pay for abortions.
On Tuesday, however, Trump ditched the policy sweet talk and turned to political brass tacks: He came to Capitol Hill and warned fence-sitting House Republicans to support his bill, or else voters will sweep them out of power.
“Many of you came in on the pledge to repeal and replace Obamacare. I honestly think many of you will lose your seats in 2018 if you don't get this done,” the president told lawmakers inside a private party meeting, according to a Republican in the room. Predicting that Democrats would retake the House in 2018 if Republicans “blow it” on health care, Trump then singled out the bill’s loudest critics: Representative Mark Meadows and the House Freedom Caucus. The president asked Meadows to stand up and urged him to get on board. “Because honestly,” Trump told them, “a loss is not acceptable, folks.”
Trump’s hard sell sets up the highest of stakes for the House vote on Thursday: Defeat after such a direct plea would be a humiliating loss for the president, jeopardizing not only the GOP’s pledge to repeal the Affordable Care Act but other key elements of his domestic agenda as well. As Trump has lamented, his hopes for enacting a comprehensive tax-reform bill rest on the passage of healthcare legislation.
Republican leaders loved the president’s message, knowing that only he has the standing among the party base to threaten recalcitrant members who fear Trump’s bully pulpit. “The president just came here and knocked the ball out of the park,” Ryan gushed. “He knocked the cover off the ball.”
Yet the speaker, in a press conference after the meeting, also acknowledged how much he stands to lose if the bill goes down:

The president was very clear. He laid it on the lines for everybody. We made a promise. Now is the time to keep our promise. If we don’t keep our promise, it will be very hard to manage this.

One of the bill’s authors, Chairman Greg Walden of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, was more blunt: “This is a make-or-break vote. I’m not aware of any Plan B,” he told the radio host Hugh Hewitt.
Did Trump’s pitch work? Not with Meadows, who told reporters after the meeting that he still opposed the bill and that the leadership lacked the votes to pass it.
Nor did the changes Trump negotiated with Republican leaders appease a pair of key conservative activist groups. Moments after he left the Capitol, the Club for Growth announced it would buy $500,000 worth of ads in the districts of 10 swing Republicans to urge them to oppose “RyanCare.” Soon after, Heritage Action declared it would penalize Republicans who vote for the legislation on its annual scorecard. Industry groups representing hospitals, doctors, and many insurers remain opposed despite the changes, as does the AARP.
With Democratic support out of the question, Republican leaders can lose up to 21 votes on their side and still pass the AHCA with a bare majority of 216 votes. Unofficial whip lists have identified as many as 17 GOP lawmakers publicly opposed to the bill, with dozens more undecided. The leadership did flip several votes in the last few days. After changes to the legislation were announced, one group of four members announced their support. Other vote counts claimed there was already enough to defeat the bill without further changes.
In a sign that Trump was not as persuasive as he needed to be, conservative lawmakers began reiterating their opposition as Tuesday wore on. Representative Thomas Massie of Kentucky said he was still a ‘no’ vote, as did Representative Mark Sanford of South Carolina. Another member of the Freedom Caucus, Representative Rod Blum of Iowa, declared his opposition on Twitter and said the bill doesn’t do enough to lower premiums. “We’re rushing this thing,” Sanford said in a video posted by the conservative group FreedomWorks. He said conservatives were pushing the leadership to repeal the provisions of Obamacare listing the “essential health benefits” that insurance plans cover. Party leaders have said doing so would jeopardize the bill in the Senate, where budget reconciliation rules limit the changes Republican can make while passing a bill with fewer than a filibuster-proof 60 votes.
Trump and Ryan also agreed to sweeteners for moderates, including a change to Medicaid funding in New York that won the support of nearly every Republican from the president’s home state. The Empire Earmark (or Tammany Haul, depending on your preferred nickname) would bar federal reimbursements for Medicaid funds raised by counties north outside New York City, a $2.3 billion carveout aimed at members representing upstate.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo immediately denounced the provision as “a deathtrap” that would blow a hole in the state’s budget. “The cut is so severe that the majority of hospitals, nursing homes and assisted living facilities located in Upstate New York and on Long Island would be devastated,” he said in a statement. “How a county executive could believe their county could prosper while losing hundreds if not thousands of jobs and seeing the decimation of their health care system is beyond me.”
As tenuous as the bill’s standing is in the House, it faces an even rockier path in the Senate, where both conservatives and moderates have lined up against the plan. Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky has waged an all-out campaign in opposition, hoping that defeat in the House will force Trump and Republican leaders to start over with a straight repeal of Obamacare.
Trump isn’t worried about the Senate yet. As he told a crowd in Kentucky on Monday night, he just wants to get a bill passed there “in some form.” The battle over the American Health Care Act right now is in the House, and despite Trump’s impassioned plea, its passage, and the fate of the president’s broader agenda, remain very uncertain indeed.



ARTICLE
The president’s first 100 days have been, by and large, a disaster.
Reports of chaos, confusion, and infighting seem to leak out of the West Wing on a daily basis. The president is his own worst enemy, easily distracted, obsessed with minutiae, and uninterested in instilling much order in his administration. His staffers, many of them young, don’t really know the ropes, and it shows. The cluster of aides who arrived with the president from out of town irks official Washington, which, feeling shut out, views the executive-branch staff as bumbling provincial bumpkins and cheers on every failure. The media are more than happy to weave a narrative of chaos. Relations between press and president were strained during the campaign—stories bubbled up about the candidate’s sexual indiscretions, and aides became convinced their boss was subject to a double standard—and now reporters are out for blood. Even the president’s wife is subject to harsh attacks.
It’s spring 1993, and Bill Clinton’s term in office is off to a rocky start.
* * *
The parallels between Clinton’s difficult transition and Donald Trump’s are, of course, imperfect, and the two men arrived in different circumstances with vastly different agendas. But the Clinton transition shows how an administration can stumble out of the gate, and how that a president who sets his mind to it can fix them. Perhaps more importantly, it shows how the first 100 days can set the stage for an administration’s later successes and its recurring weaknesses. Although he righted his listing ship, Clinton’s early mistakes haunted the remainder of his seven-plus years in office. 
“The first year is a difficult year, whether it’s President Trump or President Clinton. You’re getting started. There’s going to be some startup slips. We had our share,” Thomas “Mack” McLarty, Clinton’s first chief of staff, told me.
The Clinton administration’s first problems began even before he took office, and were self-inflicted. The 42nd president was reluctant to prepare for his administration before the votes had been tallied—partly a result of superstition about jinxing the outcome, but also because he didn’t want to be seen as presuming victory. Once the election was over, the president-elect made a decision to focus more on his Cabinet and other appointments than on his White House staff. Clinton didn’t name a White House chief of staff until mid-December—nearly a month later than Donald Trump selected Reince Priebus for that post. In some ways, the decision paid off. Clinton had all but one of his Cabinet nominees confirmed by Inauguration Day, which McLarty thinks was a worthy tradeoff.
But the belated focus on the White House staff meant that many of its members had little experience in the highest reaches of Washington politics. “The emphasis on the construction of the Cabinet and sub-Cabinet led to a White House staff that was constructed late, on the fly and almost by remainder,” adviser Bill Galston recalled in an interview with the Miller Center at the University of Virginia years later.
In particular, the press questioned the number of aides who Clinton brought with him from Little Rock, including McLarty, an Arkansan who had been extremely successful in business but who, while active in politics, had never held a political post. McLarty said that criticism was unwarranted.
“You have to have a blend of people who are knowledgeable about the levers of power,” he told me. “We got criticized a bit about Arkansans in the government, but every president going back to Jimmy Carter or Ronald Reagan, they all had people from their home state who they had relationships with. Likewise with President George W. Bush and President Obama—they brought in people from Texas and Illinois, respectively.”
But McLarty saw the value in Washington experience, too. In June, he tapped David Gergen, a veteran of the Republican Nixon, Ford, and Reagan administrations, to join his team, a step that McLarty believes was essential to stabilizing the presidency.
Trump, too, has compiled an eclectic, eccentric mix of advisers, few with White House experience. They include close confidants from New York, like his son-in-law Jared Kushner, and campaign figures like Steve Bannon. Kellyanne Conway, a longtime Washington figure, has never worked in the West Wing. Stephen Miller, just 32, has become a powerful figure, even though, as Joshua Green wrote, “In any other Republican administration, he’d have been lucky to land a second-tier job at a third-tier agency.” Priebus ran the Republican National Committee, but he, too, has no federal-government experience.
Trump should have had a jump on Clinton’s 1993 pace. After September 11, as my colleague Russell Berman reported in depth, the presidential-transition process was overhauled to ensure continuity of government, including providing for funding and space for transition teams for both major-party candidates. Instead, Trump got the worst of both worlds. He still doesn’t have a full Cabinet, with nominees moving slowly through the confirmation process. And, like Clinton, his West Wing staff has failed to jell. Many of the top figures in the White House also came directly from the election war room at Trump Tower, which requires shifting gears.
“Any president has to make the transition from campaigning to governing,” McLarty said. “That’s really what a transition is about, and that's really what the first 100 days are about, and it’s crucial that you realize it's a very different landscape, a very different passage in your endeavor.”
Conveying that lesson to President Clinton was not an easy task. “It was just chaotic. There wasn’t anybody in charge,” domestic policy adviser Bruce Reed told the Miller Center in 2004. “I think he kind of liked it that way. He knew he was his own best strategist; he liked being able to make the decisions. So he didn’t worry too much about the fact that his advisers couldn’t agree.”
If Clinton was slow to learn that lesson, Trump seems to flatly reject it. He reportedly revels in the chaos, viewing it (at least in his more optimistic moments) as creative tension and disruption. Trump and Bill Clinton also share a lack of discipline that leads them to become distracted from the task at hand and obsessed with minor details—though in Clinton’s case, that tended toward policy minutiae, while Trump has favored feuding with the press, Barack Obama, and Arnold Schwarzenegger.
This is how Trump operated during the presidential campaign, and it’s understandable that he’d expect what worked then would to work now. Candidate Trump was answerable only to himself and delighted in thumbing his nose even at the Republican Party. His improvisatory approach served him well, garnering attention while simultaneously allowing him to change the subject quickly after each gaffe. When Trump made a decision, he could quickly turn it into action.
But that’s not how the White House works.
“You have these various stakeholders, including the press and members of Congress, that you've got to establish relationships with,” McLarty said. “You've got to establish rapport with world leaders. You've got to be mindful of ‘those that brung you,’ as the expression goes.”
Instead, Trump has clashed with each of these constituencies. He has eagerly alienated the press, and just as eagerly alienated Democratic members in Congress—but he hasn’t done all that much better with Republican members. They have been taken aback by his accusation that Barack Obama wiretapped Trump Tower, worried about Russian interference in American elections, and divided over how to replace Obamacare—a maneuver that Trump, in an odd echo of his predecessor’s approach to passing the law, has decided to leave to Congress to sort out. (“Nobody knew health care could be so complicated,” he has said—Clinton is among the many who would disagree.)
Meanwhile, Trump has forged few relationships with foreign leaders, and fewer still with important U.S. allies, while his outreach to Vladimir Putin seems endangered by domestic political considerations. After Trump delivered a relatively well-received address to a joint session of Congress at the end of February, a series of scandals overshadowed it, reportedly infuriating Trump. This sort of distraction is a classic pitfall, said Leon Panetta, Clinton’s second chief of staff.
“Your goal is to stay focused on the news that the president should be focused on and what you want to be the headline, not what the press wants to be the headline,” Panetta told me in January. “Your hope is that the president will not be diverted from the principal message that he wants to get out that day.”
* * *
Keeping the president on task requires a White House structure that streamlines decisions, allowing the president to focus on only the most important tasks, confident that aides will execute his decisions efficiently. It also requires the West Wing staff to bury rivalries and egos. Yet each day seems to bring new revelations about Trump’s team, as White House aides leak damaging information about each other and jockey for position. Clinton suffered similar internal rancor.
“His first White House staff, and the way they constantly went around Mack McLarty—it was destructive,” media consultant Frank Greer told the Miller Center. “Everybody was freelancing, everybody was promoting themselves, everybody was looking out for themselves.”
McLarty disagreed with Greer’s assessment, saying that strong communication with the president prevented any problems. “I never felt he undercut me or did something I wasn’t aware of,” he told me. “Did I know he was getting thoughts from others inside and outside government? I think any president’s going to do that. That’s going to have some influence on him. As long as the president’s working with you and you’ve got good and open communication, I just never had that problem.”
McLarty, who had never worked for Clinton in government, had been somewhat surprised to be tapped as chief of staff, and decided to serve no more than two years. In the summer of 1994, he stepped down and was replaced by Panetta, who was then head of the Office of Management and Budget. Panetta told Clinton he was happy where he was. The president replied, “You know, you could be the greatest OMB director in the history of the country, but if the White House is falling apart, nobody's going to remember you.”
So Panetta took the job and set to work. “I remember asking my predecessor, Mack McLarty, I said, ‘Could you give me a chain of command? What's the staff structure in the White House?’ And he paused and he said, ‘You know, I don't believe I've ever seen one of those,’” Panetta said with a laugh. “I immediately knew I was in deep shit.”
(“I don’t think it was that big a deal. I kind of vaguely remember. I think everybody knew the organization pretty well,” said McLarty, who recommended Panetta as his successor.)
Panetta instituted a pair of staff meetings every day, one for all staff and another for a smaller group. He wanted to make sure he knew what everyone in the White House was doing, so that he could then work with the president—and make sure that there weren’t many different people speaking with Clinton, offering contradictory information. He set up a schedule stretching six months, setting priorities for each day and week.
Trump, however, has maintained an “open-office” policy, meaning that a huge number of aides can speak with him, from top advisers on down to Trump’s private security director, and to Omarosa Manigault, the former Apprentice contestant who now runs communications for the Office of Public Engagement.
One special irritant for Panetta was the profusion of people moving around the West Wing with grand titles and vague or elusive portfolios. “These were people who walked into meetings and talked about, gave their thoughts on all kinds of issues, usually raising hell, and then walked out of those meetings with no responsibility other than to talk a good game,” he said. “They really didn’t have the responsibility to carry out any specific duties except to kind of give their thoughts on what should or shouldn’t happen.”
The way Panetta dealt with those people varied: useful ones co-opted, difficult ones sidelined. One of them was the wunderkind campaign veteran George Stephanopoulos: “I liked George, and I thought he was really smart, so I said, ‘You're going to work under me, pal!’” Another was Dick Morris, the longtime Clinton strategist (or “little campaign shit from Arkansas,” in Panetta’s words), who was commandeering staff to work on pet projects, which Panetta stopped. Today, the Trump White House features a similarly long roster of aides with lofty titles. Priebus is chief of staff. Bannon is chief strategist. Kushner and Miller are senior advisers. Conway is counselor to the president.
“You cannot have a number of power centers within the White House,” Panetta said. “This White House is in danger of making a terrible mistake.” (James Baker, the Reagan chief of staff on whom Panetta modeled his tenure, offered a more diplomatic version of that critique in an interview with Politico: “The White House that they have constructed has a lot of chiefs. In this White House, it seems to me, you’ve got at least four, maybe five, different power centers, so we are just going to have to wait and see how it works in practice.”)
In his defense, Priebus has attempted to impose some of the same measures Panetta did—including an 8 a.m. senior staff meeting, and telling aides they need to go through him or his deputy to speak with the president. Yet the result has been not a more orderly White House, but simply more leaks painting him as weak, beleaguered, and ineffectual. The leaks have become such a problem that Press Secretary Sean Spicer took to checking White House employees’ phones to plug the holes. That, too, leaked.
Anonymous leaking to the press is a challenge for every president, but it is a particular plague for more dysfunctional administrations. Panetta recalled demurring after Clinton demanded he ferret out the source of a leak from the White House.
“I kept telling him, ‘Look, if we spend all of our time and resources trying to find out who was leaking what, A, we'll never really determine what happened and B, it will divert us from the primary mission that we should be working on,’” he said. “The key for me was ultimately if I could build that sense within the White House where people felt like they were part of a team and were loyal to that team, then the problem of leaks began to heal itself.”
These problems—the fractious staff, the vast range of distractions, the press battles, the machinations of other stakeholders, and the gusher of leaks—pose a special challenge to Trump because they are features of the political world that are distant from the way he was able to run his company in the private sector. Businesspeople aspiring to public office have for years argued that their experiences in the private sector will make them effective in the public sector, only to find that the two realms reward and require different, if overlapping, skill sets.
For Trump, the shift is partly a matter of size: The Trump Organization, despite its large declared assets, is a lean company with a small, tightly-knit staff, with family members as executive staff—a mom ’n’ pop that runs international resorts, basically— while Trump now sits atop the massive, sprawling federal bureaucracy.
Galston believed Clinton, the longtime governor of Arkansas, had a similar problem adjusting to the scale of the federal government: “What’s typical about talented governors of small states is that they are head and shoulders above the other politicians in their state, and they can—through force of intellect and character and a loyal dedicated staff—move the political system of those states… Washington is not that way at all.”
But Trump’s challenge is also structural. In business, Trump was constrained only by his deal-making abilities and, to a certain extent, regulation and the law—though he showed an affinity for sidestepping regulations and civil suits through lengthy litigation and creative settlements. Government’s lattice of checks and balances is already hobbling Trump; when the federal judiciary suspended his immigration executive order, he lashed out in anger.
McLarty, who came to the White House after serving as CEO of Arkla, a Fortune 500 natural-gas company, was unusually well-positioned to assess the difference between business and government. While the pace of change in government can feel comparatively slow, that doesn’t mean the president can be slow, he said.
“We found, and I found, and I think President Trump will find, that the timeline for making decisions in the White House is much faster than in business,” McLarty said. “The wheels of government grind slowly, but you have to move forward and make decisions. Sometimes you don't get your legislation passed quickly—that part does grind slowly.”
Trump and his staff are also dealing with a much broader range of issues than a real-estate-and-entertainment concern like the Trump Organization, McLarty said—and eventually, “President Trump and his team are going to have to prepare for UFOs— unforeseen occurrences.”
For example, in March 1993, North Korea announced its intention to withdraw from the Non-Proliferation Treaty, an apparent test of the Clinton team. (Pyongyang later reversed course.) Now North Korea is testing a new president again, with missile launches in mid-February and again over the weekend. State media reported that one weapon being tested is designed to be able to strike U.S. bases in Japan. The White House was notably slow in responding.
* * *
From one angle, Clinton’s first 100 days are a harrowing warning to Trump. The problems that emerged early on continued to haunt him for the rest of his presidency. Aides found ways to mitigate and direct the president’s lack of discipline, but it still flared up in both the policy and personal realms, most notably in his affair with Monica Lewinsky. A series of scandals, including Filegate and Travelgate, fed into the independent counsel’s investigation that ultimately turned up that affair and led to Clinton’s impeachment. His bold push to overhaul the health-care system, overseen by First Lady Hillary Clinton, collapsed, dooming reform for another 15 years and stalling his policy agenda.
Clinton’s approval rating dropped from 58 percent when he took office to just 37 by June. (Trump hasn’t dropped as much because he started much lower.) The combination of a rudderless administration and proliferating scandals helped Republicans to a massive victory in the 1994 midterm elections. That created GOP control of the House of Representatives for the first time since 1946, and enabled Clinton’s impeachment.
From a different angle, Clinton’s example could be heartening for the Trump team. Despite his rocky start, Clinton went on to easily win reelection. He oversaw a booming economy. And while portions of his legacy—the crime bill, NAFTA, and welfare reform chief among them—have lost their luster, he remains well-liked by the public and well-regarded by political historians. Ending up with a Clintonian reputation would seem near-miraculous given Trump’s start, a challenge compounded by the fact that, despite some notable political victories, much of his agenda is deeply unpopular.
“After the first year, President Clinton’s approval rating was 57 percent—and remember, he got 43 percent of the popular vote in 1992,” McLarty said. “I think Donald Trump would take that deal in a minute, if he could get his team in place, get his legislation in place, step onto the international stage, establish positive relationships with world leaders, and have a 57 percent approval rating at the end of the first year.”
How far Trump can get toward that goal will depend on Reince Priebus, but Priebus’s success will, in turn, depend on Trump. The buck stops with the president. McLarty often receives blame for the early chaos in the White House, but some administration alums, like Galston, have countered that Clinton’s White House ran the way it did because that’s what Clinton wanted. “Mack McLarty was selected because he’s a decent man, utterly loyal to the president, grew up with him, and would not interfere with that model of executive leadership, would enable it rather than interfere with it,” Galston told the Miller Center.
So it will be with the Trump administration: Priebus’s ability to right the ship will depend on Trump deciding he wants it righted. That will be especially tricky for the chief of staff, since Bannon—one of his rivals for control—has repeatedly espoused chaos as a useful strategy.
“[Priebus’s success] depends on two things: whether he has the total trust of the president, and two, whether he has the courage to tell the president when he’s wrong,” Panetta said. He predicted the shakeup would make the beginning of the Clinton administration look smooth by comparison.
“It's likely that this first year is going to be spent trying to work out all of those difficulties,” he said. “I think it’s going to be a lot bloodier.”



ARTICLE
Now that we’re done making nice, here’s my question for Judge Neil Gorsuch:
What campaign promises did you make to get this job, and do you intend to keep them?
It’s a rude question, akin to throwing a dead cat into a church service. It’s disrespectful to Gorsuch—a judge whom I respect, much as I disagree with much of his philosophy. It’s a question that until this year would have been completely out of line in a confirmation hearing.
But today it’s a question that has to be asked, and it’s a question that is—and will be for years—on the mind of many Americans.
That’s because the Gorsuch nomination comes to the Senate compromised by the crudest sort of bare-knuckle partisan politics; the concerns that fact raises will be important for years to come. The vacancy he will fill was created by an unprecedented Senate power play that denied an elected president his constitutional prerogative; the president who nominated him has made an unprecedented effort to politicize and even attack the courts’ authority.
We’ve been reading for years that the judicial confirmation process is “broken.” But let’s be clear-eyed. In 2017, the process is broken in a way, and to a degree, it never has been before.
Let’s also face this fact: “both sides” aren’t responsible for the stain on the Gorsuch nomination. The complete annexation of the Supreme Court to partisanship was engineered by the party, and the president, that has nominated Gorsuch to a seat that previous practice suggests should not have been open for him to occupy.
Most likely, Democrats will ask Gorsuch for his views on important legal and constitutional issues, and Gorsuch will simper daintily and refuse to give any hint because that would compromise his independence.   
We are already seeing Republican senators play their part in what then-Professor Elena Kagan once called the “vacuity and farce” of senatorial confirmation. “I’ve long believed that the Senate owes the president some deference with regard to his judicial nominees,”  Utah Republican Senator Orrin Hatch, of the famous straight face, told the committee Monday morning. “Something is seriously wrong when the confirmation process for a Supreme Court nominee resembles a campaign for political office.”
Saddle-pal, please.
The reason the committee is meeting today is that Hatch and his colleagues refused to consider any nominee by President Obama after Justice Scalia died more than a year ago. The reason? That the next nominee should in fact be chosen through “a campaign for political office.”
Here is Hatch himself, writing on March 16, 2016: “Let the American people decide whether they want Hillary Clinton or the Republican nominee to select the next Supreme Court justice.” Here’s Iowa Republican Senator Charles Grassley, chair of the Judiciary Committee, also last March: “The American people shouldn’t be denied a voice.” Here’s Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, speaking before Scalia’s body had even been moved from the remote Texas ranch where he died: “The American people should have a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court Justice. Therefore, this vacancy should not be filled until we have a new president.”
The message is explicit: an associate justiceship of the Court is a partisan office; a future Justice should be chosen by the people; a duly elected president is owed no “deference” if a hostile opposition controls the confirmation process.
And “chosen by the people” is also not a metaphor. Candidate Donald Trump put forth an explicit list of candidates from which he promised the voters to pick the next Justice. And on that list was the name of Judge Neil Gorsuch. The release of that list—the injection of specific names into electoral politics—is, as far as I can tell, unprecedented in our politics. Previous presidential candidates have tended to vow to appoint Justices who are “like” one or another admired judicial figure. Trump went further. He asked the people to vote on specific nominations.
In other words, Gorsuch’s name, by reference to Trump’s website, was on the ballot.
On the campaign trail, Trump repeatedly asked the people to vote for him in order to produce certain judicial results.
“I am pro-life and I will be appointing pro-life judges,” he told the nation in the third presidential debate. Roe v Wade, the 1972 decision legalization abortion, Trump said, would be overturned: “If we put another two or perhaps three justices on, that is really what will happen. That will happen automatically in my opinion. Because I am putting pro-life justices on the court. I will say this. It will go back to the states and the states will then make a determination.”
That was said by the man who has nominated Gorsuch to the Court—and who, before that, put Gorsuch’s name on the ballot.
Of course, Gorsuch himself did nothing before the election to become a political candidate. But when the White House called him to come for an interview, he came. He accepted a nomination doubly tainted—by the crude power-play against Garland and by the loud proclamation that a Trump appointee would vote as Trump promised he would.
What was said in that interview?
I don’t think Neil Gorsuch bargained with Trump over future votes. Lawyers and judges I admire, and who don’t share his conservative stances, support his nomination. I am actually relieved that Trump brought himself to nominate a grown-up to the Court. Gorsuch is about as well as we can expect to do in the next four years, and better than a lot of names Trump could have picked.
But that doesn’t mean the question shouldn’t be asked. In fact, it must be asked. This is the first Supreme Court confirmation since Trump and the GOP announced the new rules. Supreme Court justices are now elected partisan officeholders—and the next nominee may not be a Neil Gorsuch. The question about campaign promises must be asked of every nominee from now on.
That’s even truer when the appointing president has—within the first two months of his term—begun an open war against the Article III judiciary. Trump clearly has no allegiance to the idea of an independent judiciary, and does not hesitate to besmirch and even threaten judges who cross him. Gorsuch is part of Trump’s attempt to shape the judiciary; will Gorsuch promise, here and now, to stand up to him? When Trump proclaims a “national-security” crusade against this month’s enemy within, Gorsuch will stand up to him or say, “I defer”?
We heard a lot today about the glories of Colorado. Enough of that, and never mind all the blather about balls and strikes. We are in a new ballgame, and Gorsuch’s patron has proclaimed him a player, not an umpire. He should not object to being treated that way.



ARTICLE
If you’re ever sued, I tell my students, the lawyer you want is not the one who thumps the table and assures you that your case is open and shut. No, it’s the lawyer who sits quietly and then says, “We need to get ready, because the other side has a strong case”—and then states that case as well as the other side will.
That’s how a lawyer finds a way to win. And that’s how to understand an important legal dispute—find the best argument for both sides.
That intellectual care has been missing this week in the reaction to the three legal setbacks President Trump’s revised travel ban suffered last week. Trump himself immediately blasted the decision by district judge Derrick Watson in Honolulu to temporarily block the ban as “an unprecedented judicial overreach,” and attacked Watson’s motives, telling a screaming rally, “You don’t think this was done by a judge for political reasons, do you?” Trump acolyte Sean Hannity suggested that Watson had been doing “weed and blow” with none other than Barack Obama.
The intemperate reaction, though, wasn’t limited to the Trump circle. David Frum branded Watson’s decision as “dangerous.” Frum added that Watson’s “approach is so ambitious and so new that it renders it incredible.” The Pepperdine law professor Douglas Kmiec tweeted that Watson “put politics over law, & diminished both.”
There was intemperance on the other side as well. The liberal warhorse Mark Green, now part of a “shadow cabinet” monitoring the Trump administration, exulted that “every judge says Muslim Travel Ban illegal.”
All of these figures would do well to try to see both sides of these cases. Who should win? Well, in a universe where the moral arc actually did curve toward justice—that is, in a world where the courts apply the Constitution’s text and history as they should be applied—my answer is that the ban is unlawful. But looking at existing precedent—how the Constitution and the law has been read over time—it could come out either way. The questions it poses are very new.
So commentators should be very careful—lest they descend to Trump’s level—before impugning the integrity of any judge who hears the case.
To begin with, “every judge” has not found either executive order illegal. In fact, depending on whom you include, the judge count is close to even. Two federal district judges—Judge James Robart in Seattle and Judge Leonie M. Brinkema of Northern Virginia—rejected the first version of the executive order. Another, Judge Nathaniel Gorton of Boston, refused to block it. Judge Robart’s order was appealed to the Ninth Circuit. There it was upheld by a three-judge panel; when the active judges considered setting that panel decision aside, five judges explicitly wrote that the panel decision was wrong.
For those scoring at home, that makes the score on that first executive order: Administration 6, Challengers 5. And as I wrote last week, Ninth Circuit Judge Jay S. Bybee’s dissent lays out a cogent argument that this executive order was well within the president’s power. I think the argument wrong, but it can’t be dismissed.
As for the contention that Watson’s opinion is “political”: Where is a scintilla of evidence for this? As The New York Times reported last week, Watson, an Obama appointee, is actually an independent whose career has been largely apolitical. Whether advanced by Fox News hosts or professors, a claim that a judge has thrown over law for politics should be supported by evidence or promptly withdrawn.
And here’s some evidence against that claim: As of this writing, the score on the redrafted, second version of the executive order is 2-0 against the administration. A few hours after the Hawaii decision, a district judge in Maryland issued a narrower order blocking the same executive order. That judge was Theodore Chuang, whose previous billet was deputy general counsel of the Department of Homeland Security.
The two decisions are not identical. Watson, in Honolulu, found the second executive order a violation of the First Amendment’s prohibition of “establishment of religion.” Chuang, instead, found that the order violates an anti-discrimination provision of the Immigration and Nationality Act. That provision forbids discrimination in granting immigrant visas on the basis of “race, six, nationality, place of birth, or place of residence.” Thus, he upheld the order’s limit on granting non-immigrant visas, but ordered the government to process immigrant-visa applications from nationals of the six “designated countries” without regard to the order.
What’s important, however, is where the judges agreed: In testing the validity of the second executive order, they both wrote, a court should not close its eyes to what Donald Trump says he is really up to. Since late 2015, when Trump officially promised “a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States,” Trump—as candidate, as president-elect, and as president—has made clear his intention to stop the flow of Muslim entrants to the United States, arguing that their religion makes them disloyal and potentially dangerous. “Such explicit statements of a religious purpose are ‘readily discoverable fact[s]’ that allow the Court to identify the purpose of this government action without regard to ‘judicial psychoanalysis,’” Chuang wrote; Watson agreed in much the same words.
Here’s the new legal issue: Can a federal judge consider a president’s statements about his intentions when considering the meaning of an executive order? Jeffrey Toobin, in The New Yorker, wrote last week that courts should “reject the use of Presidential statements altogether. The Muslim ban is either constitutional or it’s not—and Donald Trump’s words on the campaign trail don’t settle that question one way or the other.”
There’s something to that argument. Though both executive orders are signed “Donald J. Trump,” they are not actually the work of the same “Donald J. Trump” who stumped the country falsely accusing American Muslims of cheering 9/11. In fact, the order is the product of the entire executive branch. Campaign statements may not be reliable guides to its interpretation.
Toobin in part relies on a forthcoming Texas Law Review article by Kate Shaw of Cardozo Law School in New York. In an email, Shaw disagreed slightly with Toobin’s conclusion. She said, “it is for the most part inappropriate for a court to give legal effect to presidential statements whose goals are political storytelling, civic interpretation, persuasion, and mobilization—not the articulation of considered legal positions.” However, she added, “in a subset of cases, a degree of judicial reliance on presidential speech is entirely appropriate.” Within that subset, she said, fall “cases in which government purpose constitutes an element of a legal test.”
That’s what the judges in the cases concerning the second executive order were doing—they were using Trump’s statements to determine whether bald religious discrimination was the “government purpose” behind the travel ban. A long line of cases establishes that, in considering whether legislation is intentionally discriminatory, courts can and should consider statements made by those with the power; it’s not clear why presidents’ statements should be treated differently.
And—here speaking for myself—I think there’s a second reason the statements should be considered. The judges are using Trump’s words as evidence not only to interpret government purpose but to decide whether the government is even acting in good faith. And that term is important. Why? The major precedent that the executive orders’ supporters rely on is a 1972 case called Kleindienst v. Mandel. In that case, the Court considered a decision excluding a famous Belgian Marxist intellectual who was invited to speak at an academic conference. The government said it was excluding him not because of his point of view but because he had disobeyed the conditions of an earlier visa. The Court held that judges should not look behind such a decision “when the Executive exercises this power negatively on the basis of a facially legitimate and bona fide reason.”
“Bona fide” means “good faith.” That’s a potential iceberg for the administration. What both judges found is that, on the record before them, Donald Trump has twice now come before the bar of justice and lied through his teeth. Twice now, he has claimed that his orders have nothing to do with prejudice against Muslims—Mercy me, no, heaven forfend!—while signaling in the broadest terms that these claims are lies.
It’s possible to disagree about the relevance of specific statements. The official campaign statement? Well, on the one hand, it’s “official”; on the other hand, Trump wasn’t president yet. Former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani’s claim that Trump asked him to create a legal form of a “Muslim ban”? Smoking gun or pathetic claim of relevance by a passed-over windbag?
What about this one?  On January 27, 2017, while sitting in the Oval Office with reporters present, President Donald J. Trump signed the first executive order, entitled “Protecting the Nation from Foreign Terrorist Entry into the United States.”
Then, as Watson writes, “President Trump read the title, looked up, and said: ‘We all know what that means.’”
What evidence of bad faith could be stronger? A hand-lettered sign saying: “Ignore me, I’m lying”?
Could a court look at that statement, in the context of the events of the past two years, and find it irrelevant? I think it could do so only by choosing willful blindness over constitutional duty.
Again, I cast no aspersion on judges who disagree. But I think their argument is wrong even in ordinary times. And at moments like these, judges must be willing to hold accountable a president whose words show willful contempt for the truth, for the courts, and for the Constitution.



ARTICLE
If you watched James Comey’s sensational testimony on Capitol Hill Monday—or read about it in the ensuing avalanche of coverage from mainstream media organizations—you saw something extraordinary take place: For the first time, the FBI director publicly confirmed that the Justice Department is investigating whether President Trump’s campaign colluded with the Russian government to influence the 2016 election.
The stunning announcement quickly ricocheted across the global news media—splashing itself across cable news chyrons, dominating homepages in multiple languages, and all but ensuring that the Russia story will receive A1 treatment for the foreseeable future.
But if you happen to be one of the millions of Americans who gets your news—at least in part—from Trump’s presidential Twitter feed, you saw a very different story unfold Monday.
In an unprecedented—and somewhat surreal—attempt at real-time revisionism on the part of the White House, the official @POTUS Twitter account spent the afternoon live-tweeting the House Intelligence Committee hearing where Comey and NSA Director Michael Rogers were testifying. Over the course of three hours, the presidential Twitter feed posted half-a-dozen video clips from the hearing, each with a brief description that aimed to advance Trump’s self-interested version of the Russia controversy.
In some cases, such as this one, the tweets were brazenly misleading:

The NSA and FBI tell Congress that Russia did not influence electoral process. pic.twitter.com/d9HqkxYBt5
— President Trump (@POTUS) March 20, 2017
Trump’s framing here suggests a definitive debunking. In fact, the video embedded in the @POTUS tweet merely shows the NSA director saying he’d seen no evidence of Russia tampering with actual “vote tallies” in key battleground states. There are, of course, many other ways a foreign power could influence the electoral process beyond hacking into America’s voting machines. (According to a report released in January by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, the FBI agrees.)
In other cases, the @POTUS tweets seemed intended to distract from Comey’s revelation and retrain the spotlight on the nefarious leakers against whom Trump has been railing in recent weeks.

FBI Director Comey refuses to deny he briefed President Obama on calls made by Michael Flynn to Russia. pic.twitter.com/cUZ5KgBSYP
— President Trump (@POTUS) March 20, 2017

FBI Director Comey says classified leaks to the media have been “unusually active” recently. pic.twitter.com/WumDJSqaFA
— President Trump (@POTUS) March 20, 2017
It is unclear who actually authored these tweets. According to the @POTUS Twitter bio, they are mostly written by Trump’s social media director Dan Scavino. But if nothing else, the aide was taking his cues from the boss. Earlier in the day, over at Trump’s personal account, the president had devoted his early-morning Twitter tirade to dismissing coverage of the Russia scandal. “This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!” he wrote in one tweet. “The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign,” he wrote in another.
Trump’s flurry of Twitter activity amid the drama on Capitol Hill created a split-screen effect that was jarring, but not unfamiliar. From the beginning of his campaign in 2015, Trump has excelled at using Twitter—and various other social media platforms—to combat unfavorable coverage, distract from unfavorable facts, and advance countervailing narratives that are tailored to the tastes and desires of his target demographic.
This is one reason close Trump-watchers, including my colleague Derek Thompson, have argued that the president can best be understood not as a political figure, but as a media company. When he is hit with bad headlines, his instinct is not to put out a carefully worded statement in response, and then keep his head down and slog through the news cycle. Instead, Trump immediately goes to work shaping a more favorable alternative reality, and then filing dispatches to his millions of fans.
The most elaborate example of this strategy played out late in the presidential election, when Trump’s campaign—facing a nonstop bombardment of bad press and damaging leaks—began producing its own low-tech version of a nightly news broadcast on Facebook, “Trump Tower Live.” The show featured campaign staffers playing TV anchors and political pundits, delivering a steady stream of reassuring headlines for supporters. A typical broadcast would rack up north of a million views.  
“Trump Tower Live” was widely viewed in political circles as both innovative and deeply cynical. But the live-tweeting from @POTUS on Monday still seems like an escalation. This was not just campaign spin, or even presidential obfuscation. It was an official government communications arm of the executive branch with massive reach—something akin to a state-run media outlet—deliberately misreporting, in real time, what was happening on Capitol Hill. And the effort is only likely to get more elaborate, and more deliberate, the longer Russia remains in the headlines.




ARTICLE
In the hours before Neil Gorsuch introduced himself to the Senate Judiciary Committee on Monday, the senators laid out how they would interrogate him in the week ahead.
President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee will spend the next few days answering probing questions from lawmakers on a broad range of issues: his judicial philosophy, his views on issues ranging from abortion to workers’ rights, his thoughts on judicial independence and the separation of powers, a decade’s worth of his rulings and dissents, and the controversial actions of the president who nominated him.
The senatorial gauntlet to become a Supreme Court justice is perhaps the most strenuous test in Washington, with a lifetime position as one of the nine most powerful Americans awaiting Gorsuch at the end of it if he succeeds. But the 49-year-old federal appellate judge from Colorado presented himself as a humble jurist who strives to apply the law fairly and impartially.
“Sometimes the answers we reach aren’t ones we would personally prefer,” he told the committee. “Sometimes the answers follow us home and keep us up at night. But the answers we reach are always the ones we believe the law requires. For all its imperfections, the rule of law in this nation truly is a wonder—and it is no wonder that it is the envy of the world.”
His appearance at Monday’s hearing was largely introductory, with Democratic and Republican senators taking turns to make opening statements. Gorsuch sat patiently as, one after the other, lawmakers alternated between effusive praise for his qualifications and stern expressions of concern about his track record, like a slew of movie trailers to precede the blockbuster sessions to come.
California Senator Dianne Feinstein, the committee’s ranking Democratic member, expressed fears that Gorsuch would use his lifetime seat on the Court to strike down gun-ownership restrictions under the Second Amendment, or overturn what she described as the “super-precedent” of Roe v. Wade. She also questioned Gorsuch’s past critiques of the Chevron doctrine, a longstanding legal principle by which courts broadly defer to executive agencies on interpreting their authority under federal law.
Other Democrats saw too much deference toward business interests in his written opinions for the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals, where he has served since 2006. Multiple Democratic senators cited the case of Alphonse Maddin, a truck driver who worked for TransAm Trucking. While traveling through a frigid Illinois winter night in January 2009, the brake lines in Maddin’s trailer froze and he was forced to call for help. His supervisor instructed him to stay with the trailer despite a broken heater in his truck.
Once Maddin’s feet began to go numb and his breathing became more difficult, he left the trailer behind and sought shelter instead. TransAm later fired him for abandoning the trailer. Maddin then filed a complaint with the Department of Labor, and an administrative review board sided with him. TransAm appealed their decision to the Tenth Circuit, which sided with Maddin in a 2 to 1 decision. “It might be fair to ask whether TransAm’s decision was a wise or kind one,” Gorsuch wrote in his dissent. “But it’s not our job to answer questions like that. Our only task is to decide whether the decision was an illegal one.”
That stance drew strong criticism from Democrats. “You see, there was no heater in the truck, and according to his recollection, it was so cold, it was 14 degrees below,” said Illinois Senator Dick Durbin. “Not as cold as your dissent, Judge Gorsuch, which argued that his firing was lawful.”
Gorsuch tried to deflect the line of Democratic criticism by pointing out he’d ruled on behalf of the “little guy” as well. He cited judgments in favor of Native Americans, disabled students, prisoners, and undocumented immigrants. “Sometimes, I have ruled against such persons, too,” he added. “But my decisions have never reflected a judgment about the people before me—only my best judgment about the law and facts at issue in each particular case.”
Few of the Democratic lawmakers tried to directly tie Gorsuch to the president who nominated him, but Trump’s critical rhetoric toward the federal judiciary loomed over the hearings. The judge reportedly deplored those remarks in private meetings with lawmakers, but Connecticut Senator Richard Blumenthal urged Gorsuch to go further. “I believe that our system really requires and demands that you do it publicly and explicitly and directly,” he told him.
Even Republicans took note of the Trumpian elephant in the room, albeit wryly. “Some of my colleagues seem to have rediscovered an appreciation for the need to confine each branch of government to its proper sphere,” Iowa Senator Chuck Grassley, the committee chairman, said in his opening remarks. “I don’t question the sincerity of those concerns, but some of us have been alarmed by executive overreach, and the threat it poses to the separation of powers, for quite some time now.”
There was also a rare gesture of bipartisanship near the end of Monday’s hearing, when Gorsuch was introduced by both of Colorado’s senators, Republican Cory Gardner and Democrat Michael Bennet, as well as Neal Katyal, a former acting solicitor general during the Obama administration.
Bennet insisted that his participation did not mean he would vote in favor of Gorsuch’s confirmation. “It is tempting to deny Judge Gorsuch a fair hearing because of the Senate’s prior failure” to hold a hearing for former President Barack Obama’s nominee, Merrick Garland. “But, Mr. Chairman, two wrongs never make a right,” he said. “The Supreme Court is too important for us not to find a way to end our destructive gridlock and bitter partisanship.”
But the hearings were inescapably political. Texas Senator Ted Cruz touted the Senate’s refusal to hold hearings for Garland last year as a positive and argued that Trump’s election had given Gorsuch “super-legitimacy.” Other Republicans attacked their Democratic colleagues for contributing to the politicization of the process. “Something is seriously wrong when the confirmation process for a Supreme Court justice resembles an election campaign for political office,” Utah Senator Orrin Hatch said.
Gorsuch tried to set himself apart from the partisan fray. American judges, he told the committee, must occupy a “modest station” in a healthy democracy. “In other countries, judges wear scarlet, silk, and ermine,” he testified. “Here, we judges buy our own plain black robes. Ours is a judiciary of honest black polyester.”



ARTICLE
During a House Intelligence Committee hearing, FBI Director James Comey confirmed that the agency is investigating possible links between Trump campaign associates and the Russian government as part of a broader inquiry into Russia’s interference in the 2016 presidential election. Comey also said the FBI has found “no information” to support Trump’s claims that former President Obama wiretapped Trump Tower. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer suggested that Trump is standing by his allegations. Judge Neil Gorsuch, Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, delivered his opening statement before the Senate Judiciary Committee during the first day of his Senate confirmation hearing. Trump will host a rally in Louisville, Kentucky, at 7:30 p.m. ET, where he is expected to tout the House Republicans’ health-care plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Trump’s Little Birds: The Washington Post reports that the administration has installed a number of senior aides in every Cabinet agency and tasked them “with monitoring the secretaries’ loyalty.” (Lisa Rein and Juliet Eilperin)
‘The Case Against Gorsuch’: Trump’s Supreme Court nominee has a religion problem, writes Slate’s Dahlia Lithwick, but it “has nothing to do with the prospective justice’s personal faith as an Episcopalian and everything to do with his willingness to let people of faith impose their views on others.”
Battle of the New Yorkers: Since the presidential election, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer has taken it upon himself to organize Senate Democrats in opposition to Donald Trump. Here’s how he’s doing it—and how he keeps it all in perspective. (Elizabeth Kolbert, The New Yorker)
Trail of Blood: “As policing has militarized to fight a faltering war on drugs, few tactics have proved as dangerous as the use of forcible-entry raids to serve narcotics search warrants.” Kevin Sack takes an inside look at these missions. (The New York Times) 
Where’s Ivanka?: A self-professed feminist and Democratic fundraiser, Ivanka Trump gave some liberals hope that she would be a voice of reason in the White House. By remaining silent on her father’s policies, however, she “appears to have put family loyalty to her father above her own political views.” (Barbara Demick, The Los Angeles Times)
 
The SCOTUS Line-Up: Check out these graphics to see how Neil Gorsuch would compare to past and present Supreme Court justices if confirmed by the Senate. (Joel Eastwood, Jessia Ma, Stephanie Stamm, The Wall Street Journal)
Monday marked the beginning of what will probably be Judge Neil Gorsuch’s toughest job interview: his Supreme Court confirmation hearings. If you were on the Senate Judiciary Committee, what would you ask Gorsuch?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Updated at 5:34 p.m. ET
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer indicated on Monday that President Trump is sticking with his allegations that former President Obama wiretapped Trump Tower, even after FBI Director James Comey insisted earlier in the day that he himself has “no information” to support that claim.
During a House Intelligence Committee hearing, Ranking Member Adam Schiff asked Comey if Trump’s accusations were true. He referred to a March 4 tweet in which the president said, without providing evidence, that he “just found out that Obama had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump tower just before the victory.” Comey replied that he has “no information that supports those tweets, and we have looked carefully inside the FBI.”
A spokesman for Obama has called the claims false, and House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes added during the hearing that there was “not a physical wiretap of Trump Tower.”
Later in the afternoon, Spicer was asked by a reporter if Trump was “prepared to withdraw that accusation and apologize” to Obama, given Comey’s testimony. Spicer said no, and suggested that more information could still come to light. “We started a hearing. It’s still ongoing,” he said. “I think there’s a lot of areas that still need to be covered. There’s a lot of information that still needs to be discussed.”
Yet while Spicer suggested it’s too early to say with certainty whether Trump’s wiretapping claims lack evidence, he also seemed to imply that speculation over another matter—potential links between the Trump campaign and Russia—has gone on for too long.
In his testimony, Comey publicly confirmed for the first time that the agency is examining Russia’s involvement in last year’s election. “The FBI,” Comey said, “is investigating the Russian government’s efforts to interfere in the 2016 presidential election,” including “the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government, and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia’s efforts.”
During the briefing, though, Spicer dismissed the idea that there might have been collusion. “There’s a point at which you continue to search for something that everyone who has been briefed hasn’t seen or found,” Spicer said. “There is no evidence, according to the people that have been briefed, of any collusion or activity that leads them to believe that that exists. I think that is an important point that gets overlooked over and over again,” he said. “You can continue to look for something, but continuing to look for something that doesn’t exist doesn’t matter.”
As Spicer noted during his press conference, some former Obama administration officials, including former National Intelligence Director James Clapper and former acting CIA Director Michael Morell, have also publicly remarked on the lack of proof that collusion took place. Nunes, too, recently said he’d seen no evidence over the course of his committee’s investigation into the matter. Both the House and Senate intelligence committees are examining Russian involvement in the election, including potential ties to the Trump campaign.
But some congressional Democrats are pushing a different narrative, arguing it’s too early to say definitively that there hasn’t been collusion—and suggesting there very well may have been.  Schiff, for one, told Chuck Todd on Meet the Press Sunday that “there is circumstantial evidence of collusion” and “direct evidence, I think, of deception.”
For now, the investigation continues. Asked during the hearing if it’s still early for the inquiry, Comey said he doesn’t know “how much longer it will take,” but that “this investigation began in late July, so for a counterintelligence investigation that’s a fairly short period of time.”



ARTICLE
Updated on March 20 at 5:46 p.m. ET
With just two sentences on Monday, FBI Director James Comey cast a long, dark shadow over the presidency of Donald Trump and the campaign that resulted in his election.
“I’ve been authorized by the Department of Justice to confirm that the FBI, as part of our counterintelligence mission, is investigating the Russian government's efforts to interfere in the 2016 presidential election,” Comey said in testimony before the House Intelligence Committee. “That includes investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government, and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia’s efforts.”
Comey’s declaration was not a surprise; reports about a federal probe involving Trump have been swirling for months. But his decision to publicly confirm that the sitting president’s campaign is under investigation for possibly colluding with a foreign power to undermine an election was a stunning revelation, and one whose significance both Democrats and Republicans immediately recognized.
“By your announcement today, there is now a cloud that undermines our system,” Representative Michael Turner, an Ohio Republican, pointedly told the FBI director. Under questioning, Comey said that the FBI began the investigation in late July. That disclosure will likely inflame Democratic criticism that Comey chose to publicly discuss the bureau’s inquiry into Hillary Clinton’s emails during the closing days of the 2016 election but did not reveal it was also investigating the Trump campaign and Russian meddling.
Comey’s confirmation of an ongoing investigation was just one of several statements that amounted to an extraordinary rebuke of a president who has the power to remove him from office. He directly refuted Trump’s repeated claims that former President Barack Obama “wiretapped” him at Trump Tower, a charge that the White House has been unable to provide evidence for.
“I have no information that supports those tweets,” Comey told Representative Adam Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the committee who had read several of Trump’s charges aloud to him. He went on to explain that he had surveyed his entire department and was told that the answer was “the same for the Department of Justice and all its components: The department has no information that supports those tweets.”
At one point, Schiff asked Comey about Trump’s accusation that the president’s critics in the government were engaging in a witch-hunt akin to Joseph McCarthy’s crusade against Communists in the 1950s. “Were you engaged in McCarthyism, Director Comey?” the congressman asked.
“I try very hard not to engage in any ’isms of any kind, including McCarthyism,” Comey replied, to laughter from the hearing room.
At the president’s behest, the White House has stood by Trump’s claims, and hours before the hearing, he vented his frustration at the scrutiny with a sort-of prebuttal of the congressional hearing on Twitter. “James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia,” Trump wrote, referring to the former director of national intelligence. “This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!”
Trump (or his aides) also responded to the hearing in real-time, tweeting clips to buttress the president’s argument. One tweet—sent by the official @POTUS account rather than Trump’s more frequently-deployed personal one—linked to an exchange between Comey and GOP Representative Trey Gowdy of South Carolina. The heading: “FBI Director Comey refuses to deny he briefed President Obama on calls made by Michael Flynn to Russia.” Trump also tweeted links to testimony in which Comey and NSA Director Michael Rogers said they had no evidence that Russia’s meddling directly changed votes in the election as well as Rogers’s warning that leaking classified information threatens national security.
Yet while Rogers and Comey said that Russia had not hacked into voting machines, they repeatedly stood by their conclusions that Russia had interfered with the election in an attempt to help Trump and hurt Clinton.
The hearing lasted more than five hours, enough time for one Democratic lawmaker, Representative Jim Himes of Connecticut, to ask Comey and Rogers about a tweet Trump had sent while they were testifying that asserted, “The NSA and FBI tell Congress that Russia did not influence electoral process.” The FBI director appeared briefly taken aback.
“I haven’t been following anybody on Twitter while I’ve been sitting here,” he told Himes. But when the congressman read what the president had said, Comey refuted that one, too. “It certainly wasn’t our intention to say that today, because we have no information on that subject,” he said.
Aside from his comments on the president’s tweets, Comey refused to discuss specifics of the FBI’s investigation or to fact-check anonymously-sourced reports of its findings in the press—a limitation that proved frustrating to lawmakers in both parties. As the hearing proceeded, a pattern developed in the questioning that reflected the respective political priorities for Republican and Democratic members of the intelligence committee.
Protecting the White House, GOP lawmakers pressed Comey on the danger of leaking details of investigations and surveillance to national security and pressed him on whether the FBI would prosecute officials who disclosed classified information about Trump officials, particularly the former national security adviser Michael Flynn. Democrats focused on the investigation itself.
Though Comey warned lawmakers he would not discuss specific officials, Democrats asked him about former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort and his ties to Russian oligarchs, along with Trump adviser Roger Stone and his contacts with Guccifer 2.0, the hacker that took credit for infiltrating the email accounts of the Democratic National Committee and John Podesta, Clinton’s campaign chairman. “I’m not going to talk about any particular person here today,” Comey said in reference to Stone.
Several Republicans tried to get Comey to confirm which top Obama administration officials would have had access to classified material related to the FBI’s investigation or U.S. intelligence gathering, an apparent attempt to narrow down who might have leaked details of the inquiry to reporters. Gowdy specifically asked about former Attorney General Loretta Lynch, National Security Adviser Susan Rice, and CIA Director John Brennan.
Comey held fast to a policy of not rebutting inaccurate press reports for fear of disclosing classified information to allies simply by virtue of denying them. While he declined to discuss any Obama administration officials specifically, he did acknowledge that people claiming access to secret material had been commenting about it to reporters “in ways that have struck me as unusually active.”
And Comey did advocate aggressive prosecution of government leakers to the point of handing down prison terms. “We don’t talk about it because we don’t want to confirm it,” he said of press reports that rely on classified material. “But I do think it should be investigated aggressively and if possible prosecuted so people take as a lesson this is not okay. This behavior can be deterred, and it’s deterred by locking some people up who have engaged in criminal activity.”
Democrats sought mostly to build their own case against the president and his associates, irrespective of what Comey was willing to discuss. Time and again, they used their questioning time to enter into the record public reports about Manafort, Stone, Flynn, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions, all of whom are presumably part of the FBI investigation. And almost without fail, Comey refused to discuss them.
Asked directly whether Trump himself was a target of the investigation, the FBI director demurred.
One question that Democrats curiously chose not to ask Comey, however, centered on his own decision to discuss the FBI’s inquiry into the Clinton email server before the election while not disclosing that the bureau was, beginning in late July, investigating the Trump campaign’s connection to a foreign power. The director appeared to allude to the comparison in his opening statement, when he said the FBI sometimes is more forthcoming about investigations that have been completed as opposed to those that are open. He sent Congress a letter about the Clinton probe last October to inform lawmakers that investigators were looking at additional emails after he earlier indicated the investigation has ended.
Not only did Comey not inform the public about the Trump investigation last year, he didn’t tell senior congressional leaders. Under questioning from GOP Representative Elyse Stefanik of New York, the director said it was his custom to advise a bipartisan group of top lawmakers about “sensitive” investigations on a quarterly basis. But Comey said that because the Russia inquiry was so sensitive, he did not tell either the leadership or senior members of the intelligence committees about the investigation until recently—months after the FBI began its investigation in late July.
That didn’t sit well with either Stefanik or Representative Devin Nunes of California, the committee chairman. Asked by reporters after the hearing if he accepted Comey’s explanation, Nunes replied: “No, I don’t.” He added: “Had we known about this back in July, clearly we wouldn’t be in this position today.”
Though Comey was not pressed on his decision to keep the Trump investigation quiet, he expressed regret about the FBI’s initial response to the hacking of the Democratic National Committee’s email server. The DNC took months to adequately assess the security threat, a lapse in part blamed on a lack of urgency on the part of the FBI in warning them their system had been compromised. By then, it was too late. “I might have walked over there myself knowing what I know now,” Comey said.
For Republicans, the revelations from Comey seemed almost too troubling to believe. Members of the committee pressed him and Rogers to substantiate their conclusion—and that of the intelligence community as a whole—that Putin intervened not merely to mess with the United States but with the goal of electing Trump.
“Mr. Putin would like people who like him,” Comey said at one point, by way of explaining why the Russian president might prefer Trump. He said it was well-known that Putin respects business leaders, citing former German Chancellor Gerhard Schroder and former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi as examples. “He believes they're people that are more open to negotiation, easier to deal with,” Comey said of Putin.
Nunes and other GOP committee members implored him to expedite the investigation, if only to clear the names of Trump administration officials and campaign advisers who have been linked to the probe in press reports. “There is a big gray cloud that you’ve now put over people who have very important work to do leading this country,” Nunes said. “So the faster you can get to the bottom of this, the better it will be for all Americans.”
For Democrats, the feeling of a Comey-created cloud was familiar. It was less than a a year ago that his statement criticizing Clinton for her “extremely careless” handling of a private email server—even while clearing her of criminal wrongdoing—altered the dynamic of the presidential campaign. And his subsequent letter to Congress just 10 days before the election, they now believe, might have led directly to her defeat.
On Monday, Democrats had no difficulty accepting Comey’s testimony about Russia, but their assessment of its implications were far more grave. “We’ve heard nothing but terribly disturbing evidence of what’s happened to our country at the hands of arguably our greatest adversary,” said Representative Denny Heck, a Democrat from Washington state. He then asked Comey and Rogers to put into their own words why the FBI’s investigation into Russian meddling is important, and why the public should care that the men and women who now lead the country just might have been involved.
“It threatens what is America,” Comey replied, “and if any Americans are a part of that effort, it’s a very serious matter.”



ARTICLE
The percentage of Americans who disapprove of the job that President Trump is doing rose to 57 percent over the weekend, his worst showing yet. Just 37 percent now tell Gallup they approve. “At this point in his first term, President Obama's approval rating was hovering in the low 60s,” ABC News notes, “while President George W. Bush's was in the mid-50s.” Why is Trump getting such lousy ratings from the public?
Losing the popular vote by a margin of 3 million people doesn’t explain these latest findings, which are looking much worse for Trump than when he was first inaugurated. For two days beginning on January 24, the president managed to be in the black: 46 percent of Americans approved of him while 45 percent disapproved, suggesting a willingness at the start to give him the benefit of the doubt.
Then his ratings started to slide...
...and now, the turn toward greater disapproval is reaching new heights.
There’s never any telling what next week will bring.
But if some Trump voters are turning against him, as these numbers suggest, the hit is well-deserved. Even Americans who loved Trump’s campaign promises have been given new reasons in the last couple of months to reassess their prior support, even if they’ve lost no enthusiasm for his “Make America Great Again” platform.
The problem for them is what they’re getting instead.
For example:
I highlight those flaws, rather than the many policy grievances held by staunch Trump opponents, because they illustrate how Trump is failing even many of the people who cheered him on during the campaign. Many still support him, and will keep doing so if he avoids looking too much like a man who cannot master himself. But Trump keeps exhibiting that unpopular trait. And approval ratings are a popularity contest.



ARTICLE
The Senate kicks off its formal vetting process of President Trump’s Supreme Court pick in public view on Monday with a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on the nomination of conservative judge Neil Gorsuch to the high court. That will mark a departure from the treatment that Merrick Garland, former President Obama’s nominee to fill the same Supreme Court seat, faced in Congress last year when Senate Republicans broke with tradition by refusing to hold even a single hearing to consider the nomination.
Even if Democrats wanted to, the party can’t mount the same kind of all-out opposition to Trump’s Supreme Court nominee. The most glaring reason is that Democrats don’t control the Senate, and Republicans have the power to set the hearing agenda. Still, Democrats could be putting up more of a fight than they have so far, and have faced criticism from left-leaning advocacy groups as a result.
But part of the reason Democrats haven’t taken a hard-line approach on par with how Republicans treated Obama’s nominee may be because public opinion surveys suggest liberal voters are less concerned than conservatives about the current Supreme Court vacancy, and who gets to replace the late conservative Justice Antonin Scalia.
To start, the appointment of a liberal justice to replace Scalia would have fundamentally shifted the balance of the court in a liberal direction. As a result, Republicans may have felt they had more to lose if Garland had been confirmed than Democratic voters do now if Gorsuch is confirmed, an outcome that would effectively maintain the ideological status quo ante on the court.
“I think a lot of the current political dynamic has to do with the composition of the court,” said Martha Ginn, a political science professor at Augusta University, who studies public opinion of the judiciary. “If it had been [liberal Justice Ruth Bader] Ginsburg who had died, that might have provoked stronger opposition from Democratic voters to the potential confirmation of a conservative judge than what you’re seeing now.”
Polling data indicates that conservative voters are more dissatisfied with the Supreme Court than liberals, which may contribute to a heightened sense among Republicans that the current appointment is worth fighting over. A Pew Research Center survey from 2015 found that 62 percent of Democrats viewed the court favorably, while only 33 percent of Republicans felt the same. By 2016, Republicans’ views of the court had improved, but Democrats still viewed the court significantly more favorably, with only 57 percent of Republicans reporting a favorable opinion of the court compared to 73 percent of Democrats.
The Supreme Court, which has a conservative majority, hasn’t actually become more ideologically liberal in its decision-making in recent years. Still, voters may be more attuned to the fact that some of the most high-profile cases in recent memory, including the court’s decision to legalize same-sex marriage, and uphold the Affordable Care Act, have delivered political victories to Democrats, according to John Kastellec, a political science professor at Princeton who focuses on judicial politics. “There is perhaps a discrepancy between the overall ideology of the court, and the public opinion of the court among conservatives,” Kastellec said in an interview. “Some of the most salient decisions in recent years have come out on the liberal side, and have tended to be viewed favorably by liberals and less favorably by conservatives.”
That’s not to say that liberal voters don’t care about the Supreme Court. An overwhelming majority of Democrats and Republicans, at 92 percent and 90 percent respectively, believe that “decisions made by the U.S. Supreme Court have an impact on my everyday life as a citizen,” according a C-SPAN poll released on Friday.
There are plenty of Democrats who don’t want Gorsuch confirmed. It’s just that in the end, liberals may care slightly less about this particular Supreme Court appointment than conservatives. Pew data indicates that although a full 50 percent of Democrats believe Gorsuch shouldn’t be confirmed, an even higher percentage of Republicans, at 55 percent, didn’t want Garland to be confirmed. Similarly, while a majority of Democrats, at 67 percent, supported Garland’s nomination, a higher percentage of Republicans, 78 percent, support Gorsuch.
There are also indications that the Supreme Court appointment was a more decisive issue for Trump voters than Clinton voters. Seventy-five percent of Trump voters told pollsters that Supreme Court appointments were either the most important factor or an important factor in how they decided to vote, compared to 68 percent of Clinton voters, according to NBC News.
Further complicating any efforts by Democrats to oppose Trump’s Supreme Court pick, if the party attempts to hold up the Gorsuch nomination using the filibuster, which would require a 60-vote threshold for confirmation, Republicans may invoke the so-called “nuclear option,” eliminating a procedural tactic that the minority party might want to preserve. A number of Senate Democrats are also up for reelection in 2018 in states that Trump won, including Senators Joe Manchin of West Virginia, and Claire McCaskill in Missouri, and  may face more pressure not to take a hard-line against Gorsuch as a result.
Some Senate Democrats have made their opposition to the pending appointment clear, including Elizabeth Warren, who has suggested that Gorsuch is in the pocket of corporate interests. But others appear to be taking a more cautious, wait-and-see approach. “To be talking about whether I’m for or against at this stage makes no sense at all to me because it’s uninformed,” Senator Dianne Feinstein, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, told Politico last week.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer has been working to make a case that Gorsuch’s judicial record has adversely affected Americans, and has suggested that it won’t be easy for Republicans to confirm the nomination. But Schumer has still indicated that every Senator will have to decide for him or herself how to vote.
Liberal advocacy groups have expressed disappointment in the collective Democratic response to the nomination. “We need you to do better,” a group of liberal organizations, including MoveOn.org and the Working Families Party, wrote in a letter to Democratic Senators earlier this month, arguing that congressional Democrats had “failed to demonstrate a strong, unified resistance to this nominee” and urging “Democratic senators to immediately make clear your opposition.”
Another challenge for liberal activists who want Senate Democrats to oppose the nomination is that the Supreme Court fight has so far flown relatively under the radar in the midst of congressional battles over the Affordable Care Act, and protest from activists to the Trump administration’s early moves in office.
“Senate Democrats have a responsibility to watch what both of Trump’s hands are doing,” Ben Wikler of MoveOn.org, said in an interview. “Even if there’s protests about the ACA [Affordable Care Act] next week that are louder than the protests about Gorsuch, they should remember that their votes on Gorsuch will be remembered by grassroots progressives for the rest of their political careers.”
Once the confirmation hearing gets underway, Senate Democrats will have a new platform to question, and mount opposition to, the potential high court appointment. But the amount of pressure the party feels from advocacy groups, and its base, may determine whether, and to what extent, Democrats intensify their attacks on the nomination. And if elected officials believe their core constituents are relatively apathetic about the nomination, Democrats may decide it’s not worth putting up much of a fight.



ARTICLE
Kellyanne Conway is best known as a spin artist, a mascot, and a folk hero to Donald Trump voters—in other words, a high-profile spokeswoman. But there’s a deeper role she hasn’t gotten much credit for: a principal architect of the theory behind Trump’s winning campaign.
Years before Conway went to work on Trump’s campaign—when she was still a midlist conservative pollster and Steve Bannon was still running Breitbart—the two were charter members, Bannon recently told me, of the “cabal” he was forming behind the scenes to upend the Republican establishment. And Conway’s ideas were the key to a major shift in the way Trump addressed immigration, which became his signature issue.
One Conway poll in particular—a little-noticed 2014 messaging memo commissioned by a controversial anti-immigration group—Bannon cited as a sort of Rosetta stone of the message that powered Trump’s victory. It was, Bannon told me, a pillar of “the intellectual infrastructure of the populist movement that candidate Trump galvanized” from the moment he began his candidacy in 2015.
Conway’s role in shaping Trump’s political strategy is among the themes of my profile of her in The Atlantic’s April issue, and it bears a deeper look. She played a key part in shaping the counterintuitive political theory—dismissed at the time by both Republicans and Democrats—that ended up putting Trump in the White House. That makes Conway a central figure in the political realignment Trump pulled off in 2016, far more than the mere talking head many take her for.
* * *
The story begins in the aftermath of the 2012 election, which Mitt Romney lost after receiving just 27 percent of the Hispanic vote. The Republican National Committee responded with a now-infamous report that’s come to be known as the “autopsy,” which urged the party to rebrand itself with women, young people, and minorities, or face a demographic death spiral. It made only one policy recommendation: to attract Hispanic voters, the party must embrace immigration reform.
Romney had taken a hard line on immigration, at one point urging “self-deportation”—that is, making it harder for undocumented immigrants to work in the U.S. so they would willingly return to their home countries. Post-election, commentators across the political spectrum blamed Romney’s loss on this stance.
One such commentator was then-reality-TV-star Donald Trump. “He had a crazy policy of self deportation which was maniacal,” Trump told the conservative website Newsmax. “It sounded as bad as it was, and he lost all of the Latino vote. He lost the Asian vote. He lost everybody who is inspired to come into this country.”
The effort to get Republicans behind immigration reform almost worked. In the Senate, a bipartisan “Gang of Eight,” including Marco Rubio, drafted legislation that was backed by a broad coalition, from the Chamber of Commerce to the AFL-CIO. It passed the Senate with 68 votes, including 14 Republicans.
But it still had to get through the House of Representatives. Aware that Republican members of Congress feared a backlash from their base, immigration reformers labored to convince them that reform was politically popular—and that it was the only way for the GOP to have a prayer of winning another presidential election.
In 2014, FWD.us, the immigration-advocacy group backed by Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, recruited a who’s who of prominent Republican pollsters to make the reform-or-die argument, in a last-ditch push to get reform legislation through the House. The 10 pollsters concluded that supporting the Gang of Eight bill would help Republicans with swing voters without hurting them with their base. “Supporting this new immigration reform proposal should be good electoral politics for Republicans,” they wrote in a joint memo. One of the 10 was Kellyanne Conway.
The report was scheduled for release to the media on June 11, 2014. On June 10, a political meteor hit: Then-House Majority Leader Eric Cantor was defeated in his Republican primary by a little-known challenger who had hammered him for being soft on immigration. Any hope for immigration reform died that day. Many Republicans worried their party’s 2016 presidential hopes had died, too. Without immigration reform, the head of the Chamber of Commerce said, the party might as well not bother to run a presidential candidate at all.
* * *
The FWD.us poll was not Conway’s first work on immigration—she had been researching voters’ attitudes on the subject for decades. But she was generally on the other side, working for some of immigration reform’s most extreme opponents, and arguing that Republicans’ political success would come from taking a harder, not softer, position.
Since the 1990s, Conway had conducted polling for the Center for Immigration Studies, the Federation for American Immigration Reform, and NumbersUSA, all of which advocate for reducing immigration levels. The Southern Poverty Law Center refers to the troika as “the nativist lobby”—an accusation the groups strongly dispute. Though many in the D.C. consultant class consider these groups too radioactive to work with, they have formidable grassroots support across the country.
As a pundit, too, Conway had long argued that Republicans could win votes with a hard line on immigration. In a 2006 blog post at National Review Online, for example, Conway wrote that immigration was “a dominant issue on talk radio and around kitchen tables in many areas” that was “all but ignored by both political parties.” Her polling, she wrote, found overwhelming support for a policy of “tighter border security and stricter enforcement of current immigration laws to encourage illegal immigrants to go home over time”—essentially, self-deportation.
Fast-forward to August 2014. Just two months after signing onto the Zuckerberg group’s Republicans-must-reform-or-perish memo, Conway came out with a new poll that seemed to make the opposite argument. There was, she wrote, “strong consensus on many populist immigration policies,” including enforcing current immigration law, limiting illegal immigrants’ access to welfare and work, and reducing legal immigrants’ ability to bring family members to the United States.
The issue, she wrote, should be framed in terms of “America First,” and as a matter of “fairness … to blue-collar workers.” Three-quarters of likely voters, she pointed out, wanted more enforcement of current immigration laws. (Most economists agree that low-skilled immigration displaces some native-born workers while improving the economy and creating more net jobs overall. And while majorities of voters of both parties consistently oppose deporting the undocumented en masse, majorities generally also oppose increasing the number of legal immigrants.)
Conway told me her argument was intended as an explicit rebuttal to the “autopsy” report. “Candidates had been told after 2012, because Mitt Romney only got 27 percent of the Hispanic vote, that they had to support comprehensive immigration reform,” she told me. “We were telling them, ‘That’s not true.’” Non-college-educated white voters, in particular, supported the idea that illegal immigration was hurting their ability to find work, she said.
Conway made an effort to get her poll noticed, but it surfaced in the media only in an article in Breitbart (which hailed it as a “blockbuster”) and a Politico Pro article available only to paid subscribers. She personally handed a copy to Ted Cruz, and discussed it on a panel at the Heritage Foundation. At a private meeting of big GOP donors in Chicago, she urged adoption of the anti-immigration message. But the donors didn’t want to hear it, as Conway later told The New York Times: “They wanted labor and they wanted votes.”
Interestingly, while it was Conway who first told me about her 2014 poll, she was cagey about who had sponsored it. Her own company’s name was on the polling memo, and when I asked her who paid for it, she said it was “Creative Response Concepts”—the full name of a prominent conservative public-relations firm better known in D.C. by its acronym, CRC. But who was paying CRC? I called NumbersUSA, a CRC client, and got the answer: “That’s our poll,” the group’s executive director, Roy Beck, said proudly.
NumbersUSA advocates dramatically reducing legal immigration levels and cracking down on undocumented immigrants’ employment. Its positions are diametrically opposed to those of FWD.us. That Conway took a paycheck from both groups within months of each other was surprising—like advising Planned Parenthood one day and National Right to Life the next.
When I asked Conway about the apparent contradiction, she said she had participated in the FWD.us group in an effort to “improve on the questions being asked and the assumptions being made.” It was the NumbersUSA poll, she said, that better reflected her views: “The second effort was a much more comprehensive body of qualitative and quantitative work.”
* * *
One person who noticed Conway’s August 2014 poll was Bannon, who at the time was the CEO of Breitbart. Bannon had also been pondering another counterargument to the “autopsy” theory: the work of Sean Trende, a respected elections analyst for RealClearPolitics, who had dived into the 2012 numbers and come up with a different conclusion than the RNC’s.
White working-class voters, Trende found, had stayed home in large numbers in 2012—particularly “downscale, Northern, rural whites,” who likely saw no appealing option between the “urban liberal” Barack Obama and the “severely pro-business venture capitalist” Romney. Immigration reform might be good policy, he wrote, but there was a path to victory for Republicans that didn’t require more Hispanic votes: they could instead find a way to bring back the “missing white voters.”
Trende’s theory was descriptive, not prescriptive. But when Bannon put it together with Conway’s research, it suggested a political formula: a presidential campaign targeting working-class whites, with a message spotlighting opposition to immigration. Bannon framed it as remaking the GOP into the party of the American worker, the “forgotten man”; less sympathetic observers have termed it white identity politics. (Trende, for his part, told me he never envisioned his theory being used in this way.)
Trump launched his campaign with a tirade about Mexican drug-dealers and rapists (possibly inspired by Ann Coulter). This wasn’t quite what NumbersUSA wanted to hear—the group’s focus is on jobs. Early in his candidacy, Trump earned a C-minus on the report card NumbersUSA maintained on all the candidates. “At first [Trump’s message] was all about crime and terrorism,” NumbersUSA’s Beck told me. “But he just kept improving, focusing his message more and more on what was good for the worker.” By August 2015, Trump had issued an immigration policy paper that strongly echoed the Bannon-Conway line.
It wasn’t just Trump. Conway’s messaging, Beck told me, “became the blueprint for any number of Republican presidential candidates” in 2015: Scott Walker, Rick Santorum, Ted Cruz—even Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush turned more conservative on the issue. Cruz (whom Conway supported in the primaries) performed a particularly conspicuous flip-flop: Having once argued passionately in the Senate for increasing visas for highly skilled workers, as a presidential candidate he called for reducing them. Advocates for immigration reform, Democrat and Republican alike, were puzzled at the time by the GOP field’s collective turn toward policies they considered general-election poison.
Within Trump’s orbit, Bannon’s “cabal” kept gaining influence. Stephen Miller, an aide to then-Senator Jeff Sessions who had been known in Congress for his work to stop the Gang of Eight bill, joined Trump in January 2016 and remains, along with Bannon, his chief ideologue and speechwriter. (On the other hand, Reince Priebus, the RNC chairman who commissioned the “autopsy,” is the White House chief of staff.) Bannon and Conway officially took the reins of the Trump campaign last August.
Bannon’s political formula worked. Trump won the election by galvanizing working-class white voters in Rust Belt states that had previously belonged to Democrats. To Conway, his victory was a vindication of her long-held theory, and a refutation of the elite consensus of both parties, particularly on immigration. “So much of what I talked about for years in the Republican Party, long before I was [Trump’s] campaign manager,” was “leveraged into a platform” by Trump, she told me. “I talked about it for years, and it’s all in the public record.”
Her insights, Conway told me, stemmed from her research, but also from her roots in rural New Jersey and her understanding of working-class people. They were people like her own mother (whom I interviewed in my profile), who never went to college and worked a night shift in an Atlantic City casino until her back gave out.
“Every time I went to a Trump rally, I saw in the faces in the crowd everybody I grew up with,” Conway told me. At rallies in Pennsylvania, “sometimes it was literally the people I grew up with.”
* * *
One conclusion to draw from all of this is that Conway is more than just a flack for Trump. There is a tendency not to take her seriously as a strategist that may have to do with her gender, as former Hillary Clinton adviser Jennifer Palmieri—no fan of Conway’s—recently told the Times: While Bannon is generally portrayed as the shadowy mastermind, Conway gets skewered as a bimbo. Yet Trump himself seems to see Conway largely as a spokeswoman: She repeatedly refused his attempts to make her White House press secretary, and she told me she makes more television appearances than she’d prefer because he likes her public advocacy.
Another conclusion is that Trump’s political strategists consider immigration restriction to be at the heart of his electoral appeal. It is the major dividing point between his philosophy and that of the erstwhile GOP establishment. Conway told me Trump had fundamentally changed the terms of the immigration debate. “The conversation before was, ‘What is fair to the illegal immigrant?’ Are you ripping families apart? Should the DACA kids stay? Should they have driver’s licenses?” she told me. “Now, the conversation is also, ‘What’s fair to the American worker?’ What’s fair to the local economy? What’s fair to law enforcement? What is fair all the way around?”
But does Trump actually believe all the words that have been put in his mouth? “No, of course not,” Newt Gingrich recently told the Washington Post, referring to Bannon’s nationalist theories more generally. “The president has a very broad sense of what he wants America to be. His philosophy is based on four basic principles: anti-left, anti-stupidity, anti-political correctness, pro-American,” Gingrich said.
Trump may be personally squishier on immigration than the ideologues writing his speeches. To the anguish of the anti-immigrant right, he has waffled on DACA, Obama’s executive order protecting young illegal immigrants from deportation. He could rescind it with the stroke of a pen, but has said he is struggling with the “very, very difficult” decision. And in a recent lunch with news anchors, he speculated about restarting comprehensive immigration reform, setting off a brief firestorm.
Trump is good at getting people to hear what they want to hear in his often-conflicting pronouncements, and immigration reformers are no exception. A prominent member of the RNC told me he still cherishes the hope that Trump will push the Gang of Eight bill, as a sort of Nixon-to-China move.
Based on the influence of people like Conway, that seems like wishful thinking. But as Trump himself said last year, when he was caught on tape contemplating a softer immigration policy: “Everything is negotiable.”



ARTICLE
I sat in a bunker hoping the incoming rocket did not have my name on it. I was a young CIA officer, called by September 11 to serve, and found myself amid generals and sheikhs, writing for presidents—the life I’d dreamed of since childhood. Drained by 18-hour days and fitful sleep, my demons flooded the moments of peace. In the dark, I heard fighting beyond the wall, thought of friends killed and wounded, and remembered my secret.
You feel explosions before you hear them, and there was a bomb at the center of my life that no one could see. I was transgender, and feared I would lose my family and friendships. It was before an Executive Order protected transgender employees, and I imagined myself ridiculed or fired if I admitted the truth. I had heard a story about what happened to one CIA officer who had taken that step:
"Once upon a time, an officer with decades of experience lost it; clearly the stress. One day he decided he was now a woman—hilarious I know—and wanted everyone to believe him. Management didn't know what to do with the transsexual. CIA had only just accepted gays; the officer left the Agency."
When I was a child I knew that trans-people existed, but I knew I couldn’t possibly be one of them. I was going to make history, not be some freak on television. My self-discipline and self-hatred marched in lock-step.  
I bottled up my problem, and tried to live up to the CIA's values: to “put mission before self” and “go where others cannot.” But CIA has other chiseled words: “the truth shall set you free.” How could I speak truth to power but not be honest with myself?
Sinking into depression, I built a double life; living as a woman outside work and changing genders in Langley's unisex restrooms. My juggling act faltered at a staff meeting when a friend whispered that I had forgotten to remove my mascara.
The trans-community has a joke: “What's the difference between a crossdresser and someone who changes genders? Two years.” The punchline ignores the trans-people who never transition or find happiness outside the gender binary. But for me, my hours as Jenny lifted a terrible sadness in my life.
If you found out you needed glasses, and discovered that the world is filled with beauty and color that you thought was just a blur, why would you ever take them off?
I finally reached the breaking point. I was failing at my job and found myself crying in the bathroom. I walked into my boss's office and closed the door. She later told me she was relieved when I told her. From the look on my face, she thought I had cancer.
Much had changed in the years since the last transgender officer came out. When my boss gathered my co-workers to tell them that I was transitioning, one of the millennials remarked: "Good for her. Can we get back to work now?" Meanwhile, after stalling in the parking lot for an hour, I badged in to discover that my colleagues had bought me a gift card to a women's clothing store. A friend deadpanned, "Jenny, nobody liked you as a guy anyway."
The most terrifying day of my life turned out to be a non-event, but it was another step in pushing the Agency out of the closet. For 40 years, the CIA had fired gay and lesbian officers for being themselves; an injustice and senseless waste of America's silent defenders. By contrast, today's CIA embraced my transition. Colleagues shared stories of LGBT loved ones, and other transgender officers started to come out. Director John Brennan began wearing a rainbow lanyard, and a CIA booth stands at D.C.’s annual Gay Pride Festival.
That progress is long overdue. One study estimates approximately 134,000 transgender veterans have served in our military, and over 15,000 currently serve in our armed forces. When I walk the rows at Arlington, I can’t help but dwell on the closeted soldiers of past generations.
Jenny Hall is not my real name. Jenny was our pet dachshund, and Virginia Hall was a one-legged OSS hero who ran spies under the nose of the Nazis. Overlooked by male colleagues, the Gestapo called her "the Limping Lady...the most dangerous of Allied spies." I relish the idea that I'm ISIS's nightmare: trans, gay, Jewish, CIA, and worst of all, female.
It turns out that starting over as a transwoman is not all sequins and makeup. I joked that there should be night classes to prepare for the realities of working while female: toiling harder for less recognition, being interrupted by men who think they’re giving a TED talk. I knew I'd “arrived” as a woman when someone made a sexist joke about my driving.
My life as a trans CIA officer has made me privy to state secrets: Women pay more for dry cleaning. Chocolate is amazing on estrogen. My email is filled with yogurt ads and warnings that my fertility window is closing.
One last reveal: No one cares that I'm trans. Defecting from Brooks Brothers to Ann Taylor had no impact on my ability to update the president on events overseas. In fact, without the fear of losing my clearance or exhaustion from pretending to be male, I became a better intelligence officer.
Migrating from man to woman, I learned the social codes of both camps, and was forced to confront my own prejudices and assumptions. Indeed, self-awareness, humility, and the courage to speak unpopular truths are core principles of intelligence tradecraft. I have been to war and changed genders; I don’t fear the next mission.
Active-duty CIA officers do not talk about their work in the papers, and my friends would tell you that being trans is the least interesting thing about me. I’ve had a marvelous career in the years since I transitioned, seeing the world, and doing the work I love. But when my past starts fading into memory, I'm jolted by reminders that our country has a long way to go.
The support I received from CIA draws a damning contrast to the treatment of other transgender Americans. If trans soldiers can serve in Afghanistan and Iraq, and LGBT intelligence officers can risk their lives hunting terrorists, why are trans teens like Gavin Grimm still fighting in court for the right to pee? If Langley and the Pentagon can use common sense—letting transmen use the men's room and transwomen the ladies'—surely a school district can figure it out.
As I child, I internalized these messages of hate. I learned to never tell a soul and bottle up the pain until it became unbearable. As this country becomes more inclusive, trans kids are coming out earlier in life, and avoiding decades of denial and suffering. This generation deserves to grow up without stigma, and become the future doctors, engineers, and artists who make America the envy of the world. And trans kids should know, CIA is always recruiting.




ARTICLE
As the Judiciary Committee hearings for Judge Neal Gorsuch begin, I retain my impression that he is in his way a splendid fellow, intelligent and hard working, and, as near as I can tell, devoid of the streak of jack-in-office meanness that mars the legacy of his predecessor, Antonin Scalia.
But I also wonder whether he has a blind spot in an area that should concern Americans—religious freedom. Consider his separate opinion in the Tenth Circuit’s opinion in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores. Remember the issue in Hobby Lobby. Under the Affordable Care Act, employers are required to provide a certain level of health insurance benefits to full-time employees. One of those benefits, under Health and Human Services regulations, is coverage of all medically approved methods of contraception.
The decision of whether to use contraception, and, if so, which method to use, remains with the employee. It is a confidential medical decision. By law neither the employer or anyone else can inquire about it. Nonetheless, the owners of the Hobby Lobby corporation objected on religious reasons to certain forms of contraception, and did not wish to provide insurance that covered them. They challenged the requirement of coverage as a “substantial burden” on their “free exercise of religion.”
The Tenth Circuit held that under RFRA the owners had a right to refuse to provide the coverage; Gorsuch wrote a separate concurrence describing the spiritual issue at stake:

All of us face the problem of complicity. All of us must answer for ourselves whether and to what degree we are willing to be involved in the wrongdoing of others. For some, religion provides an essential source of guidance both about what constitutes wrongful conduct and the degree to which those who assist others in committing wrongful conduct themselves bear moral culpability. The Greens [owners of Hobby Lobby Stores] are among those who seek guidance from their faith on these questions.

It is characteristically literate and philosophically sophisticated. Indeed, the discussion of “complicity” would be fine as far as it goes—had it been followed by any sign of recognition that the employees of Hobby Lobby stores who wish access to contraception are following their own consciences and not bound by their employers’. They were entitled by statute to the benefits, and entitled under the Constitution to use medically approved contraception, regardless of what others think.
In short, there is no legal scheme in which they can be constitutionally branded as “wrongdoers.” Beyond that, the record gives no reason to doubt that their conduct has religious and spiritual roots as important to them as the storeowners’ evangelical Christian faith is to them. Gorsuch, however, simply privileges one set of beliefs, and wipes out the others.
This, I think, embodies a persistent misconception about “religious freedom.” Some beliefs are religious, and protected; other beliefs on the very same issues are secular, and should be brushed aside.
No one can be against the concept of “religious freedom.” No one questions, either, that the concept extends beyond “purely” religious matters into economic and public life. But mapping that extension takes careful thought, and wherever lines are drawn, some people will feel they have lost. That’s because in a lot of areas—anti-discrimination law, for example, or medical care, to name just two—religious claims involve the rights of many different people, each of whom has a claim to freedom of conscience. Those claims don’t depend on formal labels or church membership; and they all must be weighed in the balance. Balancing is hard, subjective, and ultimately often unsatisfying; yet balancing is the soul of constitutional law.
In the United States, whose culture and history has been shaped by Christianity, it’s easy to skip the balancing stage. Many people assume that “religious freedom” centers around familiar “religious” beliefs—Christianity, in other words—as opposed to those of religious outsiders, whether they are Mormons, Muslims, or atheists.
It’s a persistent misapprehension.
Right now, a wide variety of measures are pending in front of state legislatures that will allow employers and even government officials to discriminate against same-sex couples. A proposed federal statute, the First Amendment Defense Act was introduced in the last Congress. Candidate Donald Trump promised during the campaign to sign it. The act would protect any person against losing accreditation, tax benefits, or a federal contract “wholly or partially on the basis that such person believes or acts in accordance with a religious belief or moral conviction that marriage is or should be recognized as the union of one man and one woman, or that sexual relations are properly reserved to such a marriage.”
A similar bill, Virginia H.B. 2025 was passed by the General Assembly and is now on Governor Terry McAuliffe’s desk. A draft executive order on “religious freedom” with similar language was leaked from the White House earlier this year Measures with similar wording are pending in other states.
All of these “religious freedom measures” erect strong legal protections for one and only one set of religious beliefs: opposition to LGBT rights and marriage equality.
Holders of these beliefs would be protected against any adverse action for acting on them—that is, for example, allowed to hold federal or state contracts while firing LGBT employees or denying spousal benefits to same-sex couples.
There’s no balance here: these measures explicitly subordinate the rights of LGBTQ employees, same-sex couples, women with reproductive health needs, patients at medical facilities, clients of social-service agencies, and others to the asserted consciences of their employers or providers. Yet individual beliefs in the validity of same-sex unions, in the importance of protecting LGBT individuals from discrimination, and in guaranteeing women control of their own fertility, have religious and spiritual roots too. Under the Constitution, beliefs are created equal. And a law that explicitly protects discrimination against those believers relegates their marriages and their consciences to second-class status.
These schemes are not protection of “religious freedom.” They are official designations of privileged religious beliefs.
One would like to believe the courts would set such rules aside without ceremony. But the legal landscape makes that less certain than it should be. Judges, as much as politicians, are susceptible to the fallacy that only some beliefs are religious.
When Hobby Lobby reached the Supreme Court in 2014, Justice Samuel Alito was as solicitous of the burden on the owners’ religious beliefs as Gorsuch had been in the Tenth circuit. The issue, Alito said, “implicates a difficult and important question of religion and moral philosophy, namely, the circumstances under which it is wrong for a person to perform an act that is innocent in itself but that has the effect of enabling or facilitating the commission of an immoral act by another.” Forcing employers to allow their employees to make such a choice struck at the rights of the employers, he said.
In the opinion, Alito dodged a set of earlier cases in which taxpayers had objected to the state funding of religious schools as a violation of their own religious rights. The Court rejected that claim: the payments didn’t burden the taxpayers’ Free Exercise rights because they did not coerce the taxpayers themselves to engage in religious observance. Just so, the government argued in Hobby Lobby, the contraceptive coverage requirement didn’t coerce the owners to engage in any religious behavior.
Those cases, Alito smoothly replied, didn’t involve religious freedom: “While the subsidies were clearly contrary to the challengers’ views on a secular issue, namely, proper church-state relations, the challengers never articulated a religious objection to the subsidies.”
This sophistry is balder than James Carville. From the time of Mark’s Gospel (“Render unto Caesar”) through James Madison’s “Memorial and Remonstrance” (tax payments to churches endanger “the purity and efficacy of religion”) to the Second Vatican Council’s Dignatitis Humanae, (“a wrong is done when government imposes upon its people, by force or fear or other means, the profession or repudiation of any religion”), Western believers have debated the dangers of an alliance between God and Caesar. A belief in separation is profoundly spiritual—but apparently not to the Hobby Lobby majority.
I would like to see someone at Gorsuch’s hearing ask whether there is room in his vision of religious freedom for those other spiritual traditions, and how the balance should be struck between individual spiritual freedom and the desire of powerful institutions to control those who work for them. On the strength of the Hobby Lobby opinion, he seems to think there is no balance: the economically and culturally powerful prevail. If so, this is a serious blind spot: privileging specific beliefs and believers is, in fact, a pernicious spiritual gerrymander—Caesar’s sword closing liberty’s garden to all but a favored few.



ARTICLE
As Judge Neil Gorsuch’s Supreme Court confirmation hearings begin Monday, Democratic senators, led by Chuck Schumer, are preparing to argue that President Trump’s nominee favors big business over small business and capital over labor.
The Center for American Progress argues that “if he becomes a justice, the Supreme Court would very likely continue its trend of ruling in favor of big business.” The Constitutional Accountability Center warns that confirming Gorsuch on the Court “would further solidify the hold that big business has on the Court, as exemplified by the increasing success of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce before the Roberts Court.” The Chamber of Commerce, by contrast, has celebrated his nomination as “fantastic.”
Gorsuch’s supporters respond, plausibly, that in many of the cases in which he ruled on behalf of corporations or against workers, he was following the letter of the law, or was bound by Supreme Court precedents. And in other cases, he has ruled in favor of workers and against corporations—in suits alleging racial or gender discrimination, for example. He wrote the panel opinion in 56 of the 177 labor-rights cases he heard during his 10 years on the bench. None of these opinions had a dissent, and 33 were joined by at least one judge appointed by a Democratic president.
Since liberal as well as conservative justices have embraced the pro-business inclinations of the Roberts Court, Gorsuch was bound to follow its often-unanimous pro-business precedents as a lower-court judge. But to get a sense of whether he will simply join this bi-partisan pro-business consensus or move the Court in a more or less pro-corporate direction, it may be helpful to focus on his views in a single area: antitrust suits against big corporations.
On that front, Gorsuch’s record is more interesting than his critics allow. While many conservative judges focus exclusively on the question of whether deals harm or benefit consumers, Gorsuch has suggested that combinations that give firms too much market power can be problematic for other reasons, such as discouraging competition.
In other words, Gorsuch is skeptical of too much judicial oversight of business in the same way the justices of all ideological stripes tend to be. But, like Republican and Democratic presidents and justices of the Progressive era, from William Howard Taft to Woodrow Wilson, he has challenged monopoly power by focusing on the importance of increasing competition and innovation as well as economic efficiency.
In the election of 2016, both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton promised vigorous antitrust enforcement: Trump promised, in particular, to break up big banks, block the AT&T merger, and check the excesses of Amazon. This apparent bi-partisan consensus on the importance of checking the power of what Louis Brandeis unforgettably called “the curse of bigness” calls to mind the election of 1912, in which all three candidates—Woodrow Wilson, Theodore Roosevelt, and William Howard Taft—agreed on the necessity of using antitrust law to check the power of giant corporations, although they disagreed about whether the corporations should be regulated, as Roosevelt suggested, prosecuted, and Taft insisted, or broken up, which was the preferred solution of Wilson and his antitrust advisor, Brandeis.
Gorsuch’s views call to mind those of America’s most constitutionally-minded president, William Howard Taft, who achieved his lifelong dream of becoming chief justice after leaving the presidency. In an address to Congress in 1911, Taft defended himself against Theodore Roosevelt’s charge that he was anti-business because he brought nearly twice as many anti-trust prosecutions in one term as Roosevelt had brought in two. Taft was not against legitimate business, he insisted, but only against anti-competitive monopolies. “Mere size is no sin against the law,” he said. The Sherman Act applied to the accumulation of “large capital in business enterprises” only when its purpose was to “stifle competition.”
Like Taft, who had been a judge and a practicing lawyer before becoming president and chief justice, Gorsuch has extensive practical experience in antitrust law—more than any other justice including Justice Stephen Breyer, who taught the subject at Harvard Law School.
For a decade, Gorsuch worked at Kellogg Huber in Washington, D.C., where he litigated antitrust cases. In 2002, he won what was then the largest affirmed antitrust verdict against a corporation in American history, a $1.05 billion verdict against the American Tobacco company. He went on to oversee competition cases in the Bush Justice Department as principal deputy to the associate attorney general and, after being confirmed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit, Gorsuch taught antitrust law and ethics at the University of Colorado, where he earned respect by banning laptops and requiring students to take notes. And on the Tenth Circuit, Gorsuch wrote three important antitrust opinions that favored big corporations in some cases and their smaller competitors in others. Throughout, Gorsuch showed a litigators’ perspective on how antitrust law operates in practice, and his appreciation for the perspective of both big and small businesses that may help to restore some pragmatism to the Court’s approach to economic competition.  
This perspective differs dramatically from the late Justice Antonin Scalia’s views on antitrust. In his own confirmation hearings in 1986, Scalia joked that in law school, he “never understood” antitrust law, and later learned that he “should not have understood it because it did not make any sense then.”
Fordham University law professor Zephyr Teachout argues that “the joke was on American democracy: Scalia proceeded to undermine basic tenets of competition law for the next 30 years,” notably in the Verizon v. Trinko case, where he narrowed the Sherman Antitrust Act by holding that Verizon didn’t have to share its network. According to Teachout, “the ruling had a chilling effect on prosecutions [and] Trinko is part of the reason a handful of big companies now dominate U.S. markets for cable, drugs, hospital beds, seeds, eyeglasses, office supplies, milk, beer and books.” And yet as Ed Whalen notes in National Review, Trinko was a unanimous opinion, joined by Justices Ginsburg and Breyer, confirming that any pro-corporate tendencies in the current Supreme Court’s approach to antitrust are bi-partisan.
Gorsuch, by contrast, approaches antitrust law from the perspective of an experienced litigator, not an ideological law professor. Here is his full description, in his Senate questionnaire, of his experience winning the historic $1.05 billion judgment against the American Tobacco company in private practice:

The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit upheld a $1.05 billion treble damages award on behalf of my client, Conwood, against United States Tobacco Company (UST) after a jury concluded that UST had engaged in illegal monopolization. Conwood alleged that UST, which controlled nearly 80% of the U.S. market for moist snuff smokeless tobacco, had attempted to exclude competing products by entering into exclusive deals with retailers, removing competitors’ sales racks, burying competitors’ products in UST racks, and destroying point-of-sale advertising (the industry’s primary marketing medium). The verdict, reached after a four-week jury trial, was believed to be the largest affirmed private damages award in the history of U.S. antitrust laws as of 2002. In its verdict, the jury also rejected UST’s counterclaims seeking millions of dollars in damages. After trial, the court took additional evidence, conducted additional motions practice, and granted a four-year injunction against certain anticompetitive conduct by UST, a result also affirmed on appeal. UST petitioned for review in the Supreme Court, we opposed the petition, and the Supreme Court ultimately denied review. The case involved scores of depositions and massive discovery, as well as ancillary proceedings in several jurisdictions. I helped manage and run the case at all stages, from the pre-suit investigation through the drafting of the complaint; the discovery process; pre-trial motions practice; trial, where I served as second chair and handled many witnesses on direct and cross; post-trial motions practice; and the preparation of appellate briefs.

Randy Stuntz of the progressive American Antitrust Institute concludes that Gorsuch’s record suggests that he is “arguably not as doctrinaire as Justice Scalia,” although his record “largely fits a conservative mold.” The American Antitrust Institute summarizes his argument in the Tobacco case approvingly:“His brief in that case argued that conduct can be sufficiently exclusionary and harmful to support antitrust liability if it impairs the opportunities of rivals yet does nothing to benefit competition on the merits, without regard to profit sacrifice.” And the fact that the American Antitrust Institute has not yet spoken out more strongly against Gorsuch is a testament to the complexity and nuance of his antitrust record.
As Gorsuch’s former law partner, Mark C. Hansen, told Law 360, the experience in the American Tobacco case gave Gorsuch sensitivity to the perspective of both sides in antitrust cases. “I don’t think he’s afraid of antitrust; he understands it and is comfortable with it,” Hansen said. “He’s quite familiar with both sides of the v. in the antitrust world.”
The same balanced perspective informed Gorsuch’s three antitrust cases on the Tenth Circuit.
In 2009, Gorsuch wrote the opinion in Four Corners Nephrology Assocs., P.C. v. Mercy Med. Ctr. of Durango. He held that a hospital’s refusal to allow a physician to use its inpatient nephrology facilities because it had an exclusive agreement with another physician did not violate the Sherman Antitrust Act, passed in 1890, which forbids combinations “in restraint of trade.” In a unanimous decision joined by two judges appointed by Democratic presidents, Gorsuch agreed with the district court that the hospital’s exclusivity agreement benefited consumers. As Gorsuch put it:

The Supreme Court has recently emphasized the general rule that a business, even a putative monopolist, has "no antitrust duty to deal with its rivals at all." … This presumption should hardly surprise. Allowing a business to reap the fruits of its investments "is an important element of the free-market system": it is what "induces risk taking that produces innovation and economic growth." … Having made a substantial investment in developing its own nephrology practice—indeed, having even tried to secure Dr. Bevan's services for that practice—Mercy is entitled to recoup its investment without sharing its facilities with a competitor.

Emphasizing the importance of competition as an antitrust principle, Gorsuch noted that before the medical provider granted the exclusive practice "there were no full-time nephrologists in Durango"; now there were two. "As a result, the consumers—the people of Durango and members of the Southern Ute tribe—have greater access to nephrology services."
In 2011, by contrast, Gorsuch made it easier for competitors to sue alleged monopolists. He wrote the opinion in Kay Elec. Coop. v. City of Newkirk, reversing the district court's ruling that the city’s conduct was immune from antitrust suits under the state action immunity doctrine. Two companies, Newkirk and Kay Electric both provided electricity to Oklahoma consumers, with  Newkirk serving customers inside the city and Kay, a rural electrical cooperative, serving customers outside the city.
When a new jail was being built just outside Newkirk, Kay offered to provide electricity more cheaply, but the city still chose to buy electricity from Newkirk. As Gorsuch explained colorfully, “Why? Because Newkirk is the only provider of sewage services in the area and it refused to provide any sewage services to the jail—that is, unless the jail also bought the city's electricity. Finding themselves stuck between a rock and a pile of sewage, the operators of the jail reluctantly went with the city's package deal.” Kay responded by suing Newkirk, alleging that the city had engaged in unlawful tying and attempted monopolization in violation of the Sherman Act. The district court found Newkirk immune from liability.
In reversing the claim, Gorsuch wrote candidly about the competing views of economics that have informed the Court’s construction (critics have called it evisceration by “judicial legislation”) of the Sherman Anti-Trust Act since it was passed in 1890:

The Sherman Act has little to say about municipal immunity, at least directly. It contains only the broadest and barest of proscriptions against anticompetitive activity — declaring unlawful any contract, combination, or conspiracy in restraint of trade and forbidding any monopoly or attempt to monopolize. Over the last 120 years, however, much judicial embroidery has stitched out the scope of permissible and impermissible competitive activity under the Act, handiwork that's often been informed by evolving (if sometimes competing) schools of economic thought.

Gorsuch’s conclusion: “At the end of the day a municipality shares the state's ‘immunity’ when but only when it is implementing anticompetitive policies authorized by the state.” Applying this to the electricity case, Gorsuch found that “the Oklahoma legislature has spoken with specificity to the question whether there should be competition for electricity services in annexed areas. And it has expressed a clear preference for, not against, competition.”
In 2012, the Supreme Court, in a unanimous opinion written by Justice Sotomayor, later cited Gorsuch’s opinion and adopted its reasoning.
Gorsuch’s final, and most significant antitrust opinion is Novell, Inc. v. Microsoft Corp. Novel, which makes Word Perfect, wanted to embed the word processing program in Microsoft’s Windows 95 operating system. When Microsoft refused to share the software development tools for Windows 95 with its rivals, Novel objected that Microsoft, which makes the competing word processing program Word, had violated the Sherman Act.
In another unanimous panel opinion, Gorsuch disagreed, concluding that forcing firms to share information with their rivals could cause “injuries to consumers and the competitive process alike.” Because both the big and small companies would have less incentive to create in the first place, Gorsuch held, forced information sharing could prop up inefficient competitors and reduce innovation. Once again, Gorsuch used the case the explore the broader purposes of antitrust law:

Many antitrust values lie behind the boundary line the law sketches here. If the law were to make a habit of forcing monopolists to help competitors by keeping prices high, sharing their property, or declining to expand their own operations, courts would paradoxically risk encouraging collusion between rivals and dampened price competition—themselves paradigmatic antitrust wrongs, injuries to consumers and the competitive process alike. Forcing firms to help one another would also risk reducing the incentive both sides have to innovate, invest, and expand—again results inconsistent with the goals of antitrust. The monopolist might be deterred from investing, innovating, or expanding (or even entering a market in the first place) with the knowledge anything it creates it could be forced to share; the smaller company might be deterred, too, knowing it could just demand the right to piggyback on its larger rival.

Gorsuch expressed concern about judges as "central planners,”—a role, he wrote, “for which we judges lack many comparative advantages and a role in which we haven't always excelled in the past.”

The bottom line, then, is that antitrust evinces a belief that independent, profit-maximizing firms and competition between them are generally good things for consumers. Just as courts have held particular forms of antitrust conduct per se illegal because experience teaches that they are almost always destructive of competition, so too courts have fashioned rules of presumptive legality for certain forms of conduct that experience teaches almost never harm consumers. Experience teaches that independent firms competing against one another is almost always good for the consumer and thus warrants a strong presumption of legality. Acknowledging as much in the form of a general rule gives a degree of predictability to judicial outcomes and permits reliance by all market participants, themselves goods for both the competitive process and the goal of equal treatment under the law.

An article at the Lexology blog article concludes: “With background in representing plaintiffs and defendants and deciding cases in favor of both sides, Gorsuch’s policies about antitrust laws are not entirely clear. However, in his most recent and well-known case, Novell v. Microsoft, Gorsuch stated ‘[t]he antitrust laws don’t turn private parties into bounty hunters entitled to a windfall anytime they can ferret out anticompetitive conduct lurking somewhere in the marketplace.’This language may indicate a preference for a less interventionist approach to competitor conduct relating to its intellectual property.”
The counter argument, however, is that Gorsuch acknowledged in the Novel case that Microsoft had been held “liable for a rich diversity of antitrust misdeeds in the 1990s,” the Obama administration didn’t support the petition for review to the Supreme Court, and the Supreme Court denied the petition.
For much of American history, there was a bipartisan consensus about the evils of monopoly power. Thomas Jefferson proposed an anti-monopoly amendment to the U.S. Constitution and the Jeffersonian antitrust tradition was carried on by Democrats ranging from Andrew Jackson, Woodrow Wilson, and Harry Truman and Republicans like Theodore Roosevelt and William Howard Taft.
It is remarkable to recall that the election of 1912 was fought largely over technical details of antitrust enforcement. Roosevelt accused Taft of being too aggressive in enforcing the Sherman Act; their Democratic rival, Woodrow Wilson, argued that big banks and big corporations should be prevented from forming in the first place, rather than regulated, as Roosevelt argued, or broken up, as Taft insisted.
It’s unfortunate that, ever since the rise of the Chicago School of economics in the 1970s, which argues that the only legitimate purpose of antitrust law is the promotion of consumer welfare, academically trained judges, from Richard Posner to Robert Bork, have tended to ignore this powerful constitutional tradition, By contrast, the more moderate Harvard School of antitrust presumes the illegality of combinations that allow firms to gain market power, regardless of the benefits to consumers.
In the Novel opinion, Gorsuch repeatedly cites the hornbook written the guru of the Harvard School, Phillip Areeda, who favored more vigorous antitrust enforcement and emphasized competition rather than consumer welfare above all. And yet, as it happens, Gorsuch didn’t study antitrust law at all when he was at Harvard Law School, learning the subject in the courtroom, through the school of hard knocks. This may have increased his tendency to view antitrust cases through the lens of facts rather than academic theories.
Far from reflexively favoring big corporations over small competitors, in other words, Gorsuch has a nuanced view of antitrust, closely informed by his unique experience as an antitrust litigator winning a large verdict against the Tobacco monopoly. The greatest foe of corporate bigness of the 20th century, Justice Louis Brandeis, also had his views on competition shaped by his experience litigating cases against large corporations as “the People’s Lawyer” in Boston at the turn of the century.
Although antitrust law has shifted too dramatically in the past century to hope that Gorsuch will resurrect Brandeis’s crusading Jeffersonian opposition to the curse of bigness, his record suggests that he will at least give big and small businesses a fair hearing, attempting to promote competition and innovation in the spirit of that champion of vigorous antitrust enforcement, William Howard Taft.



ARTICLE
On March 6, the zoning board in Bayonne, New Jersey, turned down a request to convert an old warehouse into a mosque. Such denials are happening with increasing frequency in the United States. In the 10 years between 2000 and 2010, the Justice Department intervened seven times against local communities that prevented Muslims from building mosques or other religious institutions. In the six years between 2010 and 2016, that number jumped to 17.
At the zoning board meeting, one woman called Islam a “so-called religion.” Residents claimed the Muslim Brotherhood would control the mosque. The Facebook page of the group “Stop the Mosque in Bayonne” features a man holding a sign that says “Democracy or Sharia Law.”
This is the language of Frank Gaffney. For a decade and a half, Gaffney, a former Reagan administration Pentagon official who heads a small Washington think tank called the Center for Security Policy, has been making two interrelated arguments. First, that the Muslim Brotherhood—which he claims seeks to replace the United States Constitution with a Caliphate based upon Sharia law—secretly controls most American mosques and Muslim organizations. Second, that Islam is not actually a religion. It is a totalitarian political ideology. Thus, its adherents should be treated not like Christians or Jews, but like American Nazis during World War II.
For years, Washington conservatives ridiculed these arguments and stigmatized Gaffney for making them. In 2003, after Gaffney attacked two Muslim staffers in the Bush White House, anti-tax crusader Grover Norquist banned him from his influential “Wednesday meeting” of conservative activists. In 2011, according to sources close to the organization, the American Conservative Union informally barred Gaffney from speaking at CPAC, the ACU’s signature event. In 2013, the Bradley Foundation, which had backed the Center for Security Policy since 1988, cut off funds. That same year, Gaffney lost the Washington Times column he had been writing since the late 1990s. As late as December 2015, The Daily Beast declared that, “Frank Gaffney has been shunned by pretty much everyone in conservative intellectual circles.”
Yet less than 18 months later, America is led by a president, Donald Trump, who has frequently cited the Center for Security Policy when justifying his policies towards Muslims. Trump’s chief strategist, Steve Bannon, has called Gaffney “one of the senior thought leaders and men of action in this whole war against Islamic radical jihad.” Trump’s Attorney General, Jeff Sessions—who has said “Sharia law fundamentally conflicts with our magnificent constitutional order”—in 2015 won the Center for Security Policy’s “Keeper of the Flame” Award. Trump’s CIA Director, Mike Pompeo, has appeared on Gaffney’s radio program more than 24 times since 2013. Sebastian Gorka, who runs a kind of parallel National Security Council inside the White House called the Strategic Initiatives Group, has appeared on Gaffney’s radio program 18 times during that period. He’s called Sharia “antithetical to the values of this great nation” and recently refused to say whether he considered Islam a religion.
In truth, conservatives never actually marginalized Gaffney’s ideas. Even when shunned in Washington, they grew steadily on the grassroots right in response to conservative disillusionment with America’s post-9/11 wars. Gaffney’s theories represent an effort to “denationalize” American Muslims—to strip them of their national identity and legal protections—with chilling precedents in American and European history. And although these theories have opponents, as well as supporters, in the Trump administration, they are already changing the relationship between American Muslims and their government in frightening ways.
If you squint hard enough, you can see how Gaffney reaches his conclusions. The Muslim Brotherhood, which Hassan al-Banna created in Egypt in 1928, was indeed founded to spread Islam around the world and revive the Caliphate. Although scholars debate how much the movement has changed—and the variations between different Brotherhood-inspired parties in different countries—the Brotherhood has, during its history, endorsed or employed violence. Its leaders have suggested that non-Muslims do not deserve political equality. Its members have created terrorist groups, including Hamas. And the Brotherhood, like the American Communist Party, has a history of establishing front groups. In the 1960s, Muslim Brothers were reportedly among the founders of the Muslim Students Association, from which some of America’s contemporary Muslim organizations spring.
It’s also true that in the Holy Land Foundation trial, in which employees and officers of America’s largest Muslim charity were convicted in 2008 of aiding Hamas, some of America’s major Muslim organizations were listed as unindicted coconspirators. Those organizations included the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), which describes itself as a Muslim civil-rights organization akin to the Anti-Defamation League, but which critics often accuse of Islamist sympathies, and the Islamic Society of North America (ISNA), a less political organization that offers services ranging from youth camps to a Muslim dating network.
In the Holy Land trial, the government introduced into evidence a document called the “Explanatory Memorandum,” written by a Muslim Brother in 1991, which declares that the Muslim Brotherhood’s goal “in America is a kind of grand Jihad” aimed at “eliminating and destroying the Western civilization from within.” The memorandum lists ISNA and other prominent American Muslim groups as among “our organizations and the organizations of our friends.” A 2013 Center for Security Policy paper calls the memorandum a “Rosetta stone” for understanding Muslim subversion in the United States.
But if you stop squinting, the conspiracy theory looks absurd. Although “some U.S. Muslim organizations were founded by or with the assistance of the Muslim Brotherhood decades ago,” notes J.M. Berger, an expert on Islamic extremism at George Washington University, “for most of them, these links are ancient history.” The U.S. government did name American Muslim groups as unindicted coconspirators in the Holy Land terrorism financing trial in order to introduce hearsay evidence into court, but neither the Bush nor Obama administration Justice Departments ever alleged that those groups were guilty of aiding terrorism themselves. To the contrary, top Bush officials like Karen Hughes and top Obama officials like former Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson spoke at Islamic Society of North America conferences. As for the secret “explanatory memorandum,” noted Nathan Brown, an expert on the Brotherhood at George Washington University, “Nobody has ever produced any evidence that the document was more than something produced by the daydream of one enthusiast.”
To grasp how outlandish Gaffney’s theory is, it’s important to remember that there’s a vast difference between considering the Muslim Brotherhood a sinister organization and believing that it controls most American Muslim organizations and mosques—just as there was a vast difference between considering the American communist party a sinister organization during the McCarthy era, and believing that it controlled much of Washington and Hollywood.
The Washington Institute for Near East Policy’s Eric Trager is a staunch Brotherhood critic. In his book, Arab Fall, he derides scholars who claim the movement’s willing to compete in elections means it has moderated its ultimate goals, which he calls “totalitarian” and “theocratic.” Yet even Trager told me that, “I have not seen evidence demonstrating that these [American Muslim] groups fall under a Brotherhood hierarchy.” The Brotherhood doesn’t threaten the United States, he argues, because a “group that couldn’t control Egypt for more than a year cannot possibly take control of America.”
If the Muslim Brotherhood is the organization that Gaffney—and key members of the Trump administration—consider a threat to the United States, Sharia law is the doctrine. Gaffney and his allies view Sharia not as a religious code but as “a totalitarian ideology cloaked in religious garb.” Muslims who adhere to it, therefore, should be treated not like Jews who adhere to Halacha, the body of Jewish law, or Catholics who adhere to Canon law, but like Americans who espoused “communism, fascism, National Socialism, or Japanese imperialism” during times of war. They should be treated, in other words, like people seeking to overthrow the United States government. “Far from being entitled to the protections of our Constitution under the principle of freedom of religion,” Gaffney has argued, Sharia “is actually a seditious assault on our Constitution which we are obliged to prosecute, not protect.” A January 2015 Center for Security Policy report declared that, “Over eighty percent of U.S. mosques have been shown to be shariah-adherent … They are incubators of, at best, subversion and, at worst, violence and should be treated accordingly.”
It’s no surprise that the opponents of the Bayonne mosque echoed Gaffney’s language. He’s testified against mosque construction in high-profile court cases. And a March 2015 Center for Security Policy report advised local activists about how to “Speak up against the opening of more mosques in your neighborhoods.”
In crucial ways, what Gaffney believes about American Muslims is not new. His theory resembles conspiracy theories about vulnerable minority groups in the past. “You take people who are your neighbors and you define them not primarily as your neighbors and fellow citizens but primarily with some larger world community, all of whose members hold the same views, which are expressed in some secret document,” explains the Yale Historian Timothy Snyder. “And there’s always some element of truth. Because everyone belong to groups that have transnational linkages.” Snyder has a word for this process: denationalization.
In the 1930s, for instance, as Snyder details in Bloodlands, Josef Stalin’s forced collectivization of agriculture brought mass starvation to the USSR. He needed people to blame. He also looked anxiously across the border at the anti-communist government in Poland, whose army had embarrassed him a decade earlier in the Polish-Bolshevik war. During that war, an entity called the Polish Military Organization had committed espionage in territory Moscow claimed. By the 1930s, the Organization itself no longer existed. Still, Soviet leaders began describing it as the centerpiece of a conspiracy, which included many Polish citizens of the USSR that had infiltrated every aspect of Soviet government. In 1937, Stalin ordered his secret police to carry out the “total liquidation of the networks of spies of the Polish Military Organization.” Any evidence of an attachment to Polish culture—a rosary, Polish-language books—was deemed evidence of subversion. Between 1937 and 1938, Stalin’s government arrested 143,000 people on charges of spying for Poland. It executed most of them.
American history is filled with episodes of denationalization, too. In the early twentieth century, the influential Sacramento Bee publisher V.S. McClatchy warned that according to Japanese racial doctrine, blood trumped geography, and thus, Japanese Americans could never be loyal to the United States. That doctrine, he said, was being taught at the language schools to which Japanese sent their children across the United States. Japanese Americans, he argued, “plan to serve the ambition of Japan in world subjection as taught in her religion and in her schools.” When Japan struck Pearl Harbor, this long-running campaign of denationalization provided the intellectual foundation for internment.
The fear that a conspicuous minority, loyal to a foreign doctrine and a foreign power, was subverting the United States, was also a staple of anti-Catholic ideology. In the 1890s, notes David Bennett in his book, Party of Fear, the half-million member American Protective Association printed flyers alleging that the Pope had absolved American Catholics of their obligation to obey the United States government. The doctrine of Papal “sovereignty over the state in utter disregard of the Constitution and the laws of the land,” warned the APA’s head, William Traynor, was being propagated through the rapidly expanding network of Catholic schools and clubs. When the Democratic Party made New York’s Catholic governor, Al Smith, its presidential nominee in 1928, The Atlantic printed an open letter from an “Episcopalian lawyer” who asked “whether, as a Roman Catholic, you accept as authoritative the teaching of the Roman Catholic Church that in case of contradiction” between “the jurisdiction of that Church and the jurisdiction of the State … the Jurisdiction of the Church shall prevail.” Smith’s political opponents were cruder. Across America, they distributed photos of the recently completed Holland Tunnel, which, they claimed, Smith had built to transport the Pope to the United States, where he would rule.
Ironically, the denationalization of American Muslims did not gain much currency in the immediate aftermath of 9/11. George W. Bush had won more Muslim votes in 2000 than Al Gore, and his personal affinity for all religions inclined him to see Islam in a positive light. Moreover, Republican leaders like Bush and John McCain saw respect for Islam as crucial to winning Muslim hearts and minds in America’s counterinsurgency campaigns in Afghanistan and Iraq. In 2001, Bush and Republican House Speaker Denny Hastert successfully urged the Postal Service to issue a stamp honoring the Muslim holidays of Eid ul-Fitr and Eid al-Adha. As late as 2012, when five Republican House members sent a letter to the State Department, based on research by Gaffney’s Center for Security Policy, suggesting that Hillary Clinton’s aide Huma Abedin was a Muslim Brotherhood agent, John McCain called the attack “contrary to everything we hold dear as Americans.”
It was not September 11 that made conservatives receptive to Gaffney’s theories. It was America’s failed post-9/11 wars. Joseph McCarthy won a following in the early 1950s, when Americans were exhausted by the stalemated war in Korea, by arguing that the real communist threat could be vanquished cheaply and nonviolently by ferreting out traitors at home. Gaffney argues something similar. “We can kill as many semi-literate bad guys as possible in the world’s most hellish backwaters,” he declared in 2012, “but as long as we ignore, or worse yet, empower and submit, to the toxic ideology they share with highly educated and well spoken Islamists in this country and elsewhere, we are doomed to defeat.”
Over the last decade, conservatives disillusioned by the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and alienated from their party’s interventionist elite, have found in Gaffney’s theories an appealing alternative. A key ally in that disseminating that alternative has been Breitbart. In March 2013, with Gaffney barred from speaking at CPAC, Breitbart hosted a series of panels called “The Uninvited” in the same hotel where the conference was being held. Steve Bannon moderated. The panels featured Gaffney and Pamela Geller, who had risen to prominence opposing New York’s “Ground Zero Mosque.” They offered a platform to conservatives who argued that the greatest threat to American security lay not in jihadist terrorism abroad but in Muslim subversion inside the United States.
The following spring, Breitbart sponsored “The Uninvited II: The National Security Action Summit.” Bannon offered welcoming remarks; Gaffney moderated. That fall, Bannon and Gaffney co-hosted yet another set of panels, entitled National Security Action Summit II. Since then, Breitbart has become Gaffney’s largest media megaphone. When The Washington Times cancelled his column, Breitbart picked it up. And Bannon interviewed Gaffney on his Breitbart radio show 29 times. Bannon has also echoed Gaffney’s core thesis: calling Islam “a political ideology,” likening Sharia to “Nazism, fascism, and communism,” and describing the Muslim Brotherhood as part of “a fifth column in this country.” On Bannon’s radio show in November 2015, Geller declared that, “Any mosque that advances, promotes, jihad must be shut.” Bannon replied: “Sedition, absolutely.”
If Breitbart was the first key institution to propagate Gaffney’s theories, Act for America was the second. Led by a Lebanese-born Christian named Brigitte Gabriel, ACT didn’t have a single paid employee in 2004. By 2016, it claimed 300,000 members and budget of more than $1 million.
ACT’s agenda closely parallels Gaffney’s. It uses the specter of the Muslim Brotherhood and Sharia law to depict American Muslim political participation, and even religious expression, as a security threat. ACT tries to ban the use of Sharia in American courts. It seeks to prevent the Council of American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) from lobbying state legislatures. It tries to remove from textbooks any references that equate Islam with Judaism and Christianity. It urges Jewish and Christian groups to eschew interfaith dialogue with Muslims. In the name of stopping Sharia, it even opposes the sale of Halal food. In 2007, a questioner asked Gabriel, “Should we resist Muslims who want to seek political office in this nation?” She replied, “Absolutely. If a Muslim who has—who is — a practicing Muslim who believes the word of the Koran to be the word of Allah … this practicing Muslim, who believes in the teachings of the Koran, cannot be a loyal citizen to the United States of America.”
Like Gaffney’s Center for Security Policy, ACT has close ties to top Trump officials. CIA Director Mike Pompeo, who has claimed that by failing to proactively denounce terror, “the best-funded Islamic advocacy organizations and many mosques across America” are “potentially complicit” in “extremism,” last year won ACT’s National Security Eagle Award. Sebastian Gorka has also spoken to the organization. But ACT’s strongest ally in the administration was former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn. Last summer, Flynn joined ACT’s board. He has called Brigitte Gabriel a “national treasure,” and championed her and Gaffney’s core theories. “I argue this a lot,” Flynn told an ACT audience in San Antonio last summer, “I don’t see Islam as a religion. I see it as a political ideology … it will mask itself as a religion globally because, especially in the west, especially in the United States, because it can hide behind and protect itself behind what we call freedom of religion.” In an interview last September with Breitbart, Flynn warned about “the influence by organizations inside of our government … like a CAIR or the Muslim Brotherhood.”
Before 2016, only second-tier presidential candidates—Michelle Bachmann in 2008, Herman Cain and to some extent Newt Gingrich in 2012—embraced Gaffney and Gabriel’s conspiracy theories. That changed with Donald Trump.
Even before Trump officially launched his campaign, he traveled to Iowa in May 2015 to participate in a Center for Security Policy National Action Summit. According to Gaffney, Trump asked to meet privately with some of the Center’s experts before giving his speech. When Trump took the stage, he told the crowd that, “I was just sitting back with some experts.” He identified one of them as a woman named Ann who was “so good, she was telling things that you wouldn’t even believe.” Two months earlier, Ann Corcoran had published the CSP report that urged Americans to “speak up against the opening of more mosques in your neighborhoods,” to “say no” to requests for “special Halal food section[s]” and to oppose efforts to require “local government to pay for a Muslim cemetery.” Citing Corcoran, Trump expressed his outrage that “if you come from Europe, you’re European, you’ve done great in school, you want to come, you want to come to the United States you can’t get in, but if you’re Muslim, you can get in.” According to The Huffington Post, it was the first of “dozens of times in press releases and speeches during his presidential campaign” that Trump “cited research from the Center for Security Policy.” Again and again, Trump’s statements about Muslims and Islam echoed the Center’s work. The report that Corcoran authored in March 2015 called for “a complete halt, with the goal of beginning to reverse, Muslim migration to the West.” Nine months later, after the terrorist attack in San Bernardino, Trump famously proposed his own ban on Muslim immigration. His announcement cited a dubious Center for Security Policy poll, conducted by Kellyanne Conway, which purportedly showed that 51 percent of American Muslims “agreed that Muslims in America should have the choice of being governed according to Shariah.” At a rally in South Carolina, Trump noted that the poll “was from the Center for Security Policy, [a] very highly respected group of people, who I know.”
The following June, the Center issued a white paper that argued that the government should “allow statements by non-citizens supporting Sharia to be used as grounds for exclusion” from the United States. Two months later, in a foreign-policy speech in Youngstown, Ohio, Trump called for the United States to “screen out any [immigrants] who have hostile attitudes towards our country or its principles—or who believe that Sharia law should supplant American law.” Trump’s speech also declared that, “the support networks for Radical Islam in this country will be stripped out and removed one by one” and that “we will pursue aggressive criminal or immigration charges against anyone who lends material support to terrorism.” The day after the speech, an article in Breitbart explained that Trump’s “promise of legal charges is a direct threat to the jihad-linked Council on American-Islamic Relations, which has many material links to domestic and foreign groups that support Islamic war.”
Since Trump became president, his proposed ban on travel to the United States by six Muslim-majority nations has understandably grabbed media attention. But reducing Muslim immigration is only one part of the Trump administration’s effort to counter supposed Muslim subversion of the United States. Stigmatizing Muslims already in the country is the other.
Breitbart’s coverage of Trump’s travel ban makes that clear. The Monday after the initial executive order, Breitbart highlighted its warning against people who “do not support the Constitution” and “would place violent ideologies over American law.” And Breitbart approvingly quoted an article arguing that, “This is evidence of [the Trump administration’s] entire thinking on Islam and the defence of the west. They’re going to treat Islam as a hostile political ideology.”
Treating Islam as a hostile ideology means treating Muslim political participation the way the U.S. treated political activity by Nazis during World War II or communists during the cold war. That starts with designating the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist organization, which Gaffney and Brigitte Gabriel have said should be at the top of Trump’s agenda. Legally, the designation can come from the State Department, in consultation with Treasury and Justice. Or Treasury, in consultation with the other two. And there’s reason to believe that at least State is inclined in that direction. In his confirmation testimony, in a sharp break with the Bush and Obama administrations, Rex Tillerson described “the Muslim Brotherhood” as among the “agents of radical Islam.”
And various news reports have suggested that Trump is considering signing an executive order to begin the review process that such a designation would require.
Declaring the Brotherhood a terrorist organization would complicate American foreign policy. Although Egypt, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates have outlawed the Brotherhood themselves, Morocco’s Prime Minister hails from a Brotherhood-associated party, a Brotherhood-spinoff serves in the coalition government in Tunisia, and Brotherhood-affiliated parties serve in parliament in Jordan, Kuwait, and Iraq.
But it is domestic, not foreign, policy that would truly motivate such a designation. Labeling the Brotherhood a terrorist organization would give the Trump administration greater authority to go after groups like CAIR, which Flynn and Bannon have both dubbed a Brotherhood front group. A series of legal changes implemented after September 11 gives the federal government extraordinary powers to target groups it accuses of being linked to terrorism. According to a 2009 ACLU report, a Bush administration executive order “effectively allows the government to shut down an organization without notice or hearing and on the basis of classified evidence, and without any judicial review,” if officials suspect it of being “associated with” a terrorist group. Muslim charities subjected to this procedure have successfully challenged it in court, but it’s unclear whether those rulings would deter the people working for President Trump.
The government’s vast post-9/11 counterterrorism powers have never resided in the hands of people who consider America’s Muslim organizations to be agents of treason. And the Trump administration could use those powers to cripple not only American Muslim civil-society groups, but also mosques.
Consider what could happen to the North American Islamist Trust (NAIT), a group explicitly mentioned as among the “United States-Muslim Brotherhood affiliates” in a 2015 Senate bill to designate the Brotherhood a terrorist group that Jeff Sessions cosponsored. Because lay people, not clergy or professional staff, manage most American mosques, they often transfer ownership of their property to NAIT. Local leaders manage the mosque and make decisions about religious practice. NAIT serves as a silent owner and trustee. Some mosques invest their money through NAIT as well. Under authority granted it after 9/11, the Treasury Department can freeze an institution’s assets merely by launching an investigation into whether it has an “association” with a designated terrorist group. Were Trump’s Treasury Department to do that to NAIT, it could put hundreds of American mosques in financial and legal jeopardy.
Could this really happen? It depends on the political climate. Today, the Trump administration would likely be deterred by the public outcry. But it’s worth remembering that, historically, the most egregious episodes of denationalization have often occurred in the wake of foreign attack. Stalin launched his Great Purge, which included the mass execution of Soviet Poles, after the assassination of the Communist Party’s top official in Leningrad in 1934. The assassination of a Nazi diplomat in Paris by a German-born Jew named Herschel Grynszpan provided the pretext for Kristallnacht. It took Pearl Harbor to bring about the Japanese internment. And Trump himself only proposed banning Muslim immigration to the United States after the terrorist attack in San Bernardino. Trump exploits fear. And were America to suffer a large terrorist attack on his watch, there’s little question that his base would welcome a legal assault on the institutions of American Muslim life.
But even if Trump never criminalizes an American Muslim organization or mosque, he could dramatically further the process of denationalization. Since 9/11, Gaffney, Act for America, and Breitbart have publicly accused many of the Muslims who served in the Bush and Obama administrations of being instruments of the Muslim Brotherhood. As in the McCarthy era, these attacks have taken a brutal toll on their targets, and they have dissuaded other American Muslims from entering public life. Suhail Khan, a Gaffney target who worked in Bush’s office of public liaison, and has a website devoted to his supposed Brotherhood ties, has received so many death threats that he now has an agent designated to handle them at the FBI. When Faisal Gill, another Gaffney target, left the Bush administration, he ran for Virginia’s House of Delegates. As a former naval reservist and Republican activist, he expected a positive response. Instead, “people who had come to my office, attended barbeques at my house, started saying I can’t support you, you’re a terrorist.” When Gill’s eldest son campaigned door to door, “People would say your dad’s a terrorist and you must be a terrorist too. My kids started to ask, ‘Is something wrong with us?’” A Muslim who worked in the Obama administration told me he has repeatedly seen Muslims refuse to serve in government, or even work in Muslim organizations, for fear of being publicly attacked.
Now the network that stigmatized American Muslims wields influence inside the U.S. government itself. The Obama administration tried to excise anti-Muslim material from the counter-terrorism training given to members of the military and the FBI. But Sebastian Gorka has declared that, “For Americans to properly understand the threat of global jihad, the politically motivated censorship of government analysis, training and education must end.” His wife, Katherine Gorka, who was named to the Department of Homeland Security’s transition team, has also denounced the Obama administration for “excising all reference to Islam and blacklisting many of the nation’s top experts on the Islamist threat” from government training. That means people with ideas similar to those of Frank Gaffney and Brigitte Gabriel will likely soon be training America’s military and law-enforcement personnel.
The Obama administration called its signature domestic anti-terrorism initiative Countering Violent Extremism, an acknowledgment that Muslims aren’t the only Americans who kill for political reasons. And while some American Muslim activists criticized the effort, Obama’s Homeland Security Department did focus intently on partnering with local Muslim communities. When I asked an official who worked on CVE how often he interacted with American Muslim organizations, he answered weekly, if not daily.
Now, according to reports, the Trump administration will replace CVE with an initiative focused on Islamic extremism alone. Some Muslim groups have already responded by severing their ties to the program. As part of CVE, the Obama administration awarded grants to non-governmental organizations, thus empowering them to combat radicalization. Since Trump’s victory, four winners who work in Muslim communities have rejected the money. In a March 3 conference call with Department of Homeland Security officials, a representative from the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee warned that the refusal of top Trump administration officials to even call Islam a religion undermines cooperation between American Muslims and law enforcement.
Trump’s mere presence in the White House is emboldening Americans who see Muslims not as fellow citizens, but as agents of a foreign threat. According to the ACLU, reports of “anti-Mosque activity”—defined as either public opposition to mosque construction or actual violent attacks—which averaged six incidents per year between 2012 and 2014, rose to 31 incidents in 2015 and 83 in 2016. Opposition to granting Muslims land for cemeteries is growing too. And since last year, legislators in at least four states have introduced bills to ban all contacts between their state government and CAIR. At the Bayonne zoning board meeting, mosque opponents chanted Trump’s name.
This campaign to restrict Muslim political participation and religious expression is not only unjust. It threatens America’s efforts to protect itself against the very real threat of jihadist terrorism. Breitbart, the Center for Security Policy, and ACT for America aren’t the only institutions trying to denationalize American Muslims. So are al-Qaeda and ISIS. They, too, argue that American Muslims must choose between their country and their faith. And the more rejected American Muslims feel by their neighbors and their government, the more convincing ISIS’s argument becomes. “The American model of integration, of pluralism, is exactly the counter narrative to ISIS,” argues Salam Al-Marayati, president of the Muslim Public Affairs Council. “But with Trump, there’s the risk of following the European model, of a psychological if not physical ghettoization of Muslims.” A former senior U.S. government official who has worked to counter terrorist recruitment warns that, “Being a young Muslim kid right now is really tough. I’ve heard awful accounts of bullying and taunting. And while there is never any excuse for violence or terrorism, this type [of] alienation is music to ISIS’s ears. You don’t want people to lose faith in the system. You want them engaged, whether by organizing, lobbying, or even suing. What I’m worried about are people in a basement somewhere, who are cut off from society and consuming radical propaganda online.” Academics are beginning to document this linkage between anti-Islamic rhetoric and Islamist extremism. A forthcoming study led by Christopher Bail and Friedolin Merhout at Duke finds evidence that the more people conduct anti-Muslim internet searches in a given county, the higher the number of pro-ISIS searches.
Last September, Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson took the stage at the annual convention of the Islamic Society of North America. “Your story,” he told the audience, “is the quintessential American story. Your story is an American story, told over and over again, generation after generation, of waves of people who struggle for, seek, and will eventually win your share of the American dream. Know the history of this country and you will know that—whether it’s Catholic Americans, Jewish Americans, Mormon Americans, Irish Americans, Italian Americans, Japanese Americas, African Americans, Hispanic Americans, or Muslim Americans—this will be true. The arc of the American story is long, it is bumpy and uncertain, but it always bends toward a more perfect union.”
Those words sound different today than they did last fall. Maybe, in the long run, the arc of American history does bend toward justice. But for Japanese Americans, 1903 was a lot better than 1943, when war empowered the advocates of denationalization. That’s the danger for American Muslims today. The more frustrated Americans have grown by the “war on terror,” the more they have taken out those frustrations on American Muslims. In the Trump era, that war will be waged as much domestically as overseas. And it has no end in sight.
What Johnson didn’t say is that while there’s a venerable American tradition of immigrant groups overcoming persecution, there’s an equally venerable American tradition of formerly persecuted groups visiting that persecution on their successors. Take the family story of Frank Gaffney.
Gaffney’s grandfather, Joseph Gaffney, served as city solicitor in Philadelphia in the 1920s. At the time, notes West Chester University historian Charles Hardy, Philadelphia boasted the largest Irish Catholic population of any city besides New York, a fact that many local Protestants found unnerving. Prohibition divided the city along religious lines. And the Ku Klux Klan, which in the ‘20s was as anti-Catholic as it was anti-black, drew its strength in Western Pennsylvania in part from the fears that heavily Catholic Philadelphia aroused.
As Bruce Evenson details in his book, When Dempsey Fought Tunney, anti-Catholic sentiment peaked in 1926 when Philadelphia announced plans to host a grand, weeklong, sesquicentennial celebration of America’s birth. To recoup the large financial investment they had made in the event, city leaders decided to open on July 4th, a Sunday. Conservative Protestants howled in protest. For decades, Pennsylvania’s blue laws had outlawed playing professional sports on the Christian Sabbath. Opening the sesquicentennial on God’s day of rest symbolized America’s transformation into something sinister and unrecognizable. When Philadelphia’s mayor allowed the Catholic organization, the Knights of Columbus, but not the Klan, to march at the commemoration, it confirmed Protestant fears that “European forces”—a euphemism for Catholics—were “gaining control of America’s institutions.”
Those fears centered on Joseph Gaffney, a Catholic, who as the city’s top lawyer defeated a lawsuit brought by Philadelphia’s Methodist Men’s Committee to keep the sesquicentennial closed on Sunday. Gaffney, nativists argued, stood at the heart of a network of Catholic power that had infiltrated the city and was contributing to “the breakdown and passing of American civilization.” When a Presbyterian minister told a nativist crowd that Philadelphia’s Protestant mayor was “under the control” of Gaffney, his audience applauded for two minutes straight.
When I asked Frank Gaffney about the anti-Catholic conspiracy theories that once roiled American politics, he called them “ridiculous” because the Catholic Church never “had anything remotely like the code of sharia.” Perhaps one day, the grandchildren of Suhail Khan, Faisal Gill, and Huma Abedin will mock today’s charges against American Muslims while rallying the country against a new minority group that supposedly threatens to subvert America from within.
Law student Sarah Mahmood contributed to this story.



ARTICLE
On the campaign trail, President Trump pledged “to bring hope to every forgotten stretch of this country.” But his new budget has critics questioning whether that pledge can be reconciled with his plan to eliminate the Legal Services Corporation, a move whose impact would be severe for low-income Americans living in impoverished rural and urban communities.
Established by Congress in 1974 as a public nonprofit corporation, it funds more than a hundred civil legal-aid programs throughout the country. In most states, those funds account for between one-third and one-half of the organization’s budget; in some poorer states, like Alabama, LSC provides about 80 percent of the funding.
“If you look at the states that have the lowest ranking when it comes to access to help from a civil legal-aid program, nine out of 10 of them supported Trump,” said Martha Bergmark, a former LSC president. “It's very hard to square the president's promise to help ‘the forgotten America’ by eliminating this program. It just doesn't add up.”
In many ways, legal-aid organizations fill the same role in civil proceedings that public defenders perform in the criminal-justice system: providing legal representation for those unable to afford it themselves. The Sixth Amendment requires the existence of public-defender systems, which often have their own budgetary woes, but civil legal-aid programs have no such constitutional mandate. Instead, they rely on support from both parties and funding from federal and state governments, private foundations, and other nonprofit groups to exist.
“Most Americans don't really have an idea of what civil legal aid is, but the Legal Services Corporation is absolutely the backbone of our nation's commitment to justice for all,” Bergmark said. “It's just a devastating prospect to think that after such a long history of bipartisan support and commitment, that we would be at this stage.”
The services those organizations provide can be life-changing. Legal-aid lawyers in multiple states told me their offices help low-income Americans fight foreclosures and avoid evictions, protect domestic-violence survivors by filing restraining orders and navigating the family-court system, work with veterans and families to obtain public benefits, represent victims of consumer scams, and provide a variety of other services. Their assistance can range from educational programs to direct legal representation in state, federal, and tribal courts.
The LSC’s most recent annual budget amounted to $375 million, a decline from its $420 million peak during Obama’s first term. Bergmark described it as no more than a “rounding error” in the sprawling federal budget. And legal-aid lawyers in rural and low-income areas were skeptical that the cuts would produce real savings, overall; they described civil legal aid as a cost-saving measure for communities in the long run.
“When we're able to help in a domestic-violence situation and get someone safe and protected, that reduces costs to the police officers in the future, to the court system, to hospitals for medical care,” said Gary Housepian, the executive director of Legal Aid Society of Middle Tennessee and the Cumberlands. “When we're able to stop a foreclosure, that keeps the property values up in that community. When we're able to keep someone in housing and keep individuals and families from being homeless, that saves expenses to that community too.”
Housepian’s organization covers 48 counties in central Tennessee, including the city of Nashville. But a large share of its work is done in deeply impoverished rural communities, where poverty rates in some counties can reach as high as 25 percent. About 450,000 people in the region are eligible for his organization’s services, Housepian told me, while he only has 32 lawyers on staff to help them.
Legal-aid lawyers who work for federally funded organizations avoided speaking directly with me about the Trump administration’s budget proposal, citing federal rules that bar their organizations from lobbying either for or against legislation. Instead, they described the services they currently provide, the challenges they face, and their role in the community.
Trump’s proposal isn’t the first time the Legal Services Corporation has faced an existential threat. Ronald Reagan, an avowed opponent of legal-aid services, saw his bid to abolish the program in 1981 thwarted by a bipartisan coalition of Democratic and Republican legislators. He eventually relented in exchange for new restrictions on what kinds of services it could provide, including bars on class-action lawsuits and providing help to undocumented immigrants. Another attempt to gut its funding in the mid-1990s by then-House Speaker Newt Gingrich after Republicans retook both houses of Congress failed, but the program’s funding has remained roughly flat since then.
Anna-Marie Johnson, the executive director of Nevada Legal Services, said her organization receives about 52 percent of its budget from federal funding. The state’s size and geography pose their own challenges. Most Nevadans reside in the two urban centers of Reno and Las Vegas, where a few other organizations can pick up some—but not all—of the slack. But those living in Nevada’s vast rural interior often rely exclusively on NLS for legal aid.
“It may be different in other states, but the largest portion of the population out in the rural areas of Nevada are seniors,” Johnson said. Older Americans often face a broader range of legal issues than their younger counterparts, and Nevadans are no exception. “There are a lot of housing issues, and there's a lot of need for end-of-life planning like estate planning, wills, guardianships, and other things like that,” she added.
Other services NLS provides include helping domestic-violence survivors—Nevada ranks among the worst states for abuse—and fighting evictions and foreclosures in a state still recovering from the housing crisis. The organization also runs an Indian law project to serve the 23 tribal reservations throughout the state. Overall, Johnson said, NLS directly represents about 8,000 low-income Nevadans a year; another 80,000 attend clinics and classes that educate them about steps they can take on their own.
Nevada isn’t the only state where rural communities would face a vacuum of legal-aid services without federally funded organizations. Tom Weeks, the executive director of the Ohio State Legal Services Association, which covers central and southeastern Ohio, noted that there was a sharp divide between the programs available in Columbus and those in the rural counties bordering Appalachia.
“In the cities, you're more likely to have some other organizations, for example, that are doing domestic-violence protection work,” Weeks told me, “In southeastern Ohio, we're basically pretty much the only lawyers who are representing poor people in domestic-violence and other family cases.”
Another problem Weeks described in his region was a “flood” of Ohioans in recent years who attempted to represent themselves in court, which his office was trying to reduce. “Not only is that bad for them, it's also really hard on the courts. It just slows things down and really makes it much more difficult for our justice system to do its job,” he said.
Budget cuts affect the width and breadth of the services legal-aid organizations can provide, multiple legal-aid lawyers said. A smaller corps of lawyers, for example, means the staff must both spend less time with each client and help fewer potential clients overall. Accordingly, the loss of federal funding could mean the difference between representing a client in court and giving them advice before they represent themselves.
To close those gaps, legal-aid organizations often supplement their ranks by working alongside private law firms looking for pro bono work. And the threat of disrupting those efforts has already drawn criticism from private lawyers around the country: Partners from more than 150 major law firms signed a letter earlier this month urging Michael Mulvaney, the director of the Office of Management and Budget, not to defund the LSC.
“Eliminating the Legal Services Corporation will not only imperil the ability of civil legal aid organizations to serve Americans in need, it will also vastly diminish the private bar’s capacity to help these individuals,” the letter read. “The pro bono activity facilitated by LSC funding is exactly the kind of public-private partnership the government should encourage, not eliminate.”
In addition to his lawyers on staff, Housepian said he coordinates more than 800 private lawyers to provide services for those 48 counties in central Tennessee. He added that he’d toured every single one of the counties under his purview in February, and told me at length about meeting with judges, lawyers, and low-income Tennesseans about legal aid’s place in the “fabric and tapestry” of their towns.
“We're confident that people know the value of our services,” he told me. “And certainly the hardest part when traveling around was, you want do more in these communities.”



ARTICLE
Most the time, Elizabeth MacDonough’s job is as unglamorous and uncontroversial as any in Congress—tedious even. Since 2012, she has served as parliamentarian of the Senate, which means her role, as outlined on the Senate’s web site, is “to provide expert advice and assistance on questions relating to the meaning and application of that chamber's legislative rules, precedents, and practices.”
Day to day, the work is pretty straightforward. If a member has a nitpicky question about how to handle an arcane motion, he takes it to MacDonough—typically well before an issue reaches the floor so as to avoid looking publicly foolish. Though appointed by leadership, the parliamentarian strives to be nonpartisan, steeped not in politics but in the brain-frying minutiae of the chamber’s history. (The Senate runs according to a relatively small number of “standing rules,” along with a Trump Tower-sized body of precedents.) When the Senate is in session, the parliamentarian sits on the dais at the front of the chamber and, any time a “point of order” is raised about whether proper procedure is being followed, advises the presiding officer on how to proceed—or not. Parliamentarians avoid the media and, in general, strive for professional obscurity.
But every now and again, this anonymous Senate staffer winds up in a position to decide the fate of high-stakes, hot-button legislation. And just like that, she is thrust onto the radar screens, and into the crosshairs, of ideological warriors, big-money interest groups, and other assorted obsessives. The brewing storm over Ryancare—or, if you prefer, Trumpcare-- promises to be one such moment, suggesting that MacDonough should brace for an acute onslaught of crazy.
Here’s the lay of the land: Republicans’ ability to repeal and replace Obamacare requires Senate Leader Mitch McConnell to ram through much of the overhaul via the filibuster-proof path of reconciliation. This means rejiggering whatever bill clears the House to suit at least 50 of his 52 members. It also means convincing MacDonough that the overall plan meets the requirements of the Byrd Rule.
Adopted in 1985, the Byrd Rule aims to keep budget reconciliation from getting bogged down in “extraneous matter” unrelated to deficit reduction.  The rule sets six tests for determining extraneousness. Some are straightforward, such as a provision’s not being allowed to futz with Social Security. Others are highly subjective, most notably that a provision must impact federal “outlays or revenues” in a way that is not “merely incidental to the non-budgetary components of the provision.” Translation: Reconciliation cannot be used to achieve non-fiscal policy aims (for instance, curtailing access to guns or abortion) disguised as deficit reduction.
The “merely incidental” mandate, as you might imagine, leads to much argument, interpretation, and budget trickery. When that happens, who is charged with making the final call on the legislative intent underlying a bill and, by extension, its eligibility for reconciliation? You guessed it: the parliamentarian.
When a hot policy like Ryancare heads toward the Senate, the parliamentarian suddenly becomes the most popular person on the Hill. Emissaries from all sides of the debate descend on her office to lobby for or against provisions in a practice adorably known as “the Byrd bath.”
“If I’m in the minority, I’m going to say that all these provisions right here trigger Byrd Rule points of order,” said James Wallner, who spent many, many hours in the parliamentarian’s office during his 12 years as a Republican Senate aide. The bill’s supporters, meanwhile, work to tinker with—or if necessary trash—certain provisions to suit the parliamentarian.
There are nuances to this dance that members and staff quickly learn, said Wallner, now head of research for the conservative Heritage Foundation. Parliamentarians don’t deal with hypotheticals. (“You have to have text.”) They can get cranky if you pester them about their process. (“If you’re a staffer, the quickest way to frustrate the parliamentarian is to ask for the specific precedents on which they are basing their advice.”) And if the parliamentarian decides a bill has too many extraneous bits, she can deem the whole thing fatally flawed. “She would then say, ‘OK. This bill’s no longer a reconciliation bill,’” explained Wallner. That, needless to say, would be the end of Ryancare.
Particularly with do-or-die legislation, it pays to start strategizing early, said Jim Manley, a former Senate aide to Democratic leadership. “This is war-gamed weeks and or months beforehand. It’s complicated, legalistic stuff, and you want to have your ducks in a row.”
Indeed, from the get-go, some of Ryancare’s elements were tailored to with an eye toward making the plan “Byrdable.” Even so, there remain several, such as the 30 percent surcharge on premiums for people who don’t keep continuous coverage, that conservative critics (including Senator Mike Lee, National Affairs’ Yuval Levin, and health policy analyst Christopher Jacobs) insist do not pass the sniff test. Which means MacDonough is likely to be making some significant—and controversial—calls in coming weeks.
This burden comes with all manner of professional risks. For starters, although largely treated as an independent operator, the parliamentarian serves at the pleasure of Senate leadership. And leaders have been known to fire a parliamentarian who issued advice they didn’t like. In 2001, then-parliamentarian Robert Dove refused to clear parts of the GOP’s budget plan for reconciliation. Out he went, to be replaced by his deputy, Alan Frumin.
It’s not just lawmakers who get upset. With an issue as toxic as health care, outside activists can get downright scary when they disagree with the parliamentarian. Frumin held the post during the original Obamacare debate in 2010. He denied use of reconciliation for the primary legislation. But when he cleared it for a follow-up bill that made budgetary adjustments to the ACA, opponents went berserk, and Frumin started receiving death threats.   
More subtly, for all the time and energy spent wooing the parliamentarian, her approval isn’t binding. MacDonough’s official duty is to offer expert advice on the rules to the Senate’s presiding officer. But the presiding officer has no obligation, beyond tradition, to heed that advice. Either the presiding officer or the Senate president (Vice President Mike Pence) are free to ignore MacDonough and allow whatever provisions they want to roll on through.  
This is the course favored by some Republicans in both the House and Senate. (Senator Ted Cruz, unsurprisingly, loudly opposes deferring to an unelected staffer on such vital matters.) Other Republicans, however, see dissing the parliamentarian as another form of “going nuclear” akin to killing the legislative filibuster. This sort of talk makes institutionalists (among them Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell) verrrrry nervous.
Either way, having her recognized authority questioned by an increasing number of lawmakers is hardly a happy development for MacDonough. Neither is being portrayed as a stumbling block to killing the Obamacare—or, alternatively, as a Republican toady looking to snatch health care coverage from 24 million Americans.
Now, maybe MacDonough will catch a break. Maybe Ryancare won’t make it out of the House. Or maybe already anxious Republican Senators will smother it before it comes to the floor. Or maybe Donald Trump will suddenly become a single-payer fan, and this entire debate will go back to square one. These days, nothing is impossible.
Even so, MacDonough should prepare for the possibility that she is about to have her fifteen minutes of fame—which, in a job like hers, can be a giant pain in the backside.



ARTICLE
During a joint news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, President Trump stuck by his claim that former President Obama wiretapped Trump Tower, citing “a certain very talented legal mind” he had seen on Fox News. Fox News anchor Shep Smith said later that the network “cannot confirm Judge Napolitano’s commentary” and “knows of no evidence of any kind” to support Trump’s claims. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, speaking in Seoul, said that “all options are on the table” if North Korea continues to escalate its nuclear-weapons program, signaling that the administration would consider military action. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said the House will vote on the Republican health-care bill next week. Trump said he was “100 percent behind” the American Health Care Act, after meeting with the Republican Study Committee to discuss the legislation.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.
Who’s Responsible?: Almost a decade after the recession, the United States—and much of the world—is experiencing an economic upturn. Populist politicians are taking credit for the rebound, but they shouldn’t. Here’s why. (The Economist)
Trust in Trump: In Tennessee, some insurance premiums have skyrocketed under the Affordable Care Act, and the lack of competition among insurance companies has left residents with few choices. But these Tennesseans are optimistic that President Trump will fix their health-care problems. (Jenna Johnson, The Washington Post)
Survival Mode: In a Denver hotel, 30 centrist Democrats quietly held a meeting to plot a path forward for their fractured party and avoid “total annihilation” in red states. “You can’t get the majorities back without independent and centrist Democrats,” said former Alaska Senator Mark Begich. “You just can’t.” (Alex Roarty, McClatchy)
The Waiting Game: With Donald Trump’s second travel ban blocked, immigrants from the six countries listed in the order still face a number of challenges to maintain their legal status inside the United States. Others hoping to reunite with loved ones wonder if they will see their families again. (Amber Jamieson, Guardian US)
A Moment in Time: Meet Robert Mercer, “a reclusive Long Island hedge-fund manager, who has become a major force behind the Trump Presidency.” Jane Mayer unpacks how—and why—Mercer took advantage of America’s populist insurgency. (The New Yorker)
 
Unprecedented: The Atlantic’s Jeremy Venook explains how Donald Trump’s foreign business connections could be used “as bargaining chips to influence his policymaking.” (Leah Varjacques)
This week, in honor of March Madness, we asked: If you had to pick a lawmaker to coach your team and take it to the Final Four, who would you pick—and why? Check out our favorite responses in our Notes section, but here’s a sample:
For reader Adela Garcia, Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren is the obvious choice:

Can’t you just see her on the court cheering on her players? She’d be a dynamo! And she’d defend her team like a mother tigress. No ref would dare to argue with her if she knew she was right. She would, no doubt, get ejected from many games because she’d be warned, but, nevertheless, she’d persist!

And reader Dirk Bloemendaal would choose Michigan Representative Bill Huizenga:

Because he’s got the spine, imagination and drive to get ‘er done. He’s also Dutch-American, which means he’s hard-headed, a great coach to those alongside him, and knows his people well.

-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Over the years, I’ve heard well-meaning people argue that events including the LAPD’s beating of Rodney King, the questioning of Barack Obama’s birth certificate, and the slaying of Trayvon Martin have nothing to do with race or racism. The impulse to deny or minimize racism, to contrive any other explanation (Occam’s razor be damned) for even the most racially charged incidents, is an ongoing, pernicious feature of American life. And it provokes a necessary backlash from folks who want fellow citizens to see what is in front of their noses.
Anti-racism has its own excesses at the opposite extreme—that Oberlin’s dining hall serves inauthentic sushi, for instance, is not an example of racism in American life, and such claims only make it more difficult to win hearts and minds.
But those excesses do nothing to alter more important realities: that police culture in cities like Ferguson, Missouri, and Baltimore, Maryland, has disproportionately harmed and brutalized African Americans for decades; that Joe Arpaio spent years violating the civil rights of Hispanics in Maricopa, County, Arizona; that innocent Muslims are routinely targeted in hate crimes, especially after terrorist attacks; that most Jewish journalists I know are taunted with anti-Semitism on Twitter; that white supremacists have recently slaughtered people at a Sikh temple and an African American church; that many African Americans continue to feel the burdens of decades of racist housing policies that plundered their wealth; that the president of the United States lashed out at Mexicans, Mexican Americans, and Muslims in a campaign where he deliberately stoked ethnic tensions.
Little wonder that many have a hair-trigger reaction whenever they perceive that a commentator is blind to prejudice or going to absurd lengths to minimize its existence. Yet as sympathetic as I am to the corrective impulse, I fear one of its manifestations is preventing people from grasping insights crucial to the anti-racist project.
* * *
Earlier this week, Charlie Sykes, host of the WNYC show Indivisible, interviewed me about the role that conservatives play as Donald Trump and his coalition take power. We discussed the work of Karen Stenner, a leading scholar of authoritarianism, who warned in her 2005 book that academic and political elites too often fail to recognize the difference between conservatives and authoritarians.
In her taxonomy, authoritarians have a perhaps innate discomfort with difference that causes them to prefer sameness even if coercive measures are needed to enforce it. Conservatives, in contrast, are averse to change or to intervention in the economy.
Under the right circumstances, in this model, conservatives can act as a bulwark against authoritarianism, as when George W. Bush stressed that Muslim are not the enemy of the United States, or when National Review’s Ian Tuttle laments “the alt-right president.”
But conflating these “largely distinct predispositions” creates “needless skepticism and resistance” among conservatives who are “quite reasonably reluctant to accept that distaste for change implies distaste for other races,” Stenner writes, “or that commitment to economic freedom somehow suggests an interest in moral regulation and political repression.” In fact, this can drive some conservatives “who are merely averse to change” into “unnatural and unnecessary political alliances with the hateful and intolerant,” she warns, when they “could be rallied behind tolerance and respect for difference under the right conditions.”
This thesis rubbed a WNYC listener the wrong way.
Noel, whose call was taken toward the end of the program, read Stenner’s book in college. And she disagreed with the notion that it is wrongheaded to call conservatives racist when they are unwilling to accept progress and change flawed institutions, regardless of whether they are motivated by an aversion to racial difference. “So often we say that racism is personal prejudices that we let color our behavior and actions,” she declared, “but in fact,” she continued, “racism is the perpetuation of institutions and systems that are used to exclude people from power.”
That might justify a long inquiry into the “correct” definition of racism at this confusing moment when parts of the left are determined to use the word differently than the Merriam-Webster dictionary and most of the American public. But that debate can be sidestepped by granting that it’s worth having words that distinguish among all the varied phenomena that different people label “racism.”
A person might support policies that materially disadvantage African Americans, thereby perpetuating an unjust system of laws—and yet, the pernicious effect itself does not tell us whether the person was motivated by animus toward African Americans, or a misguided belief that the harmful policies would help African Americans (think of the black leaders who favored the law that created the disparity between sentences for possession of crack versus powder cocaine), or an unrelated motivation, like a desire to keep taxes low, or to keep the federal government out of state and local affairs, or to make it very difficult to fire school teachers.  
How people use the term “racist” is ultimately less important than being able to clearly make and distinguish claims about institutional effects from claims about personal prejudice or motivations—it is useful and necessary to communicate clearly on both fronts. And efforts to speak with precision, rigor, and clarity are made more difficult when they are erroneously seen as coy attempts to deny or minimize racism (as if that is why a scholar of authoritarianism and moral psychology like Stenner would caution against attributing racist motivations to status quo conservatives).
This is a tick I’ve noticed a lot lately. After Charles Murray was shouted down at Middlebury, for example, I was trying to figure out, via engagement on Twitter, how those who dub him a “white nationalist” define that label, not because I have any desire to be an apologist for his most controversial views, but because precision is important, and I wasn’t myself sure whether he has views I’d not heard about or if his critics were using “nationalism” in manner unfamiliar to me. Rather than offer answers, one cohort presumed that any inquiry into that label and its appropriateness must be motivated by a desire to minimize or deny racism.  
Reactions of that sort don’t put me off. But they do raise the costs of seeking clarity.
To more fully see the indispensability of probing motivations, not just effects, and to see the cost of trying to shut down dialogue that aims at adding precision as if to conserve stigma, consider the refugees fleeing violence in Syria. The effect of an outright ban on their entry to the United States is clear enough: it is very likely to result in grave harms, including deaths that could have been prevented.
That is so regardless of what motivates one’s support for a ban.
Proponents of admitting some Syrian refugees, like myself, needn’t minimize or dismiss the gravity of those harms to wonder what motivates ban proponents, or to believe that probing their thinking is vital. Here are some possible motivations:
Notice that even among the subset of motivations grounded in prejudice, individual beliefs can still be distinguished from one another. Notice, too, how important it is for would-be persuaders to distinguish among the full range of motivations, and to know their audiences. A successful exchange with a cohort that has an innate aversion to difference is going to look very different than a successful conversation with a cohort that is fine with admitting Syrian refugees as long as it doesn’t cost too much.
A fear of Muslims grounded in theology suggests a different rebuttal than a fear of Muslims grounded in a statistical analysis of how likely an ISIS terrorist is to slip through.
Whether one is trying to alleviate the concerns of authoritarians or conservatives might shape anything from congressional horse trading to the contents of a documentary film.
The frequency of each belief within the coalition matters, too.  If you wanted to peel away the largest faction, or the largest faction vulnerable to defecting, what would that be? What’s more, for the subset of motivations that many would label “racist,” it is useful to distinguish whether that is the most accurate label, or if it would more precise to say “bigotry” or “prejudice” or “xenophobia” or “cruelty” or “Islamophobia.” Sometimes, “that isn’t racist” is a useful and accurate indicator that something is every bit as objectionable but rooted in a different belief system or impulse.
While drafting this article, I posted a tweet as a proof of concept to see what it would elicit:

Question. How many of you regard it as racist to oppose the admittance of Syrian refugees to the United States?
— Conor Friedersdorf (@conor64) March 16, 2017
Many answered in a spirit of inquiry. For example:
I find these sorts of social-media interactions useful when I am trying to think through a subject or to understand how others are thinking, even given the limitation that the responses are not be representative of the general population. But the mere act of trying to rigorously think through fraught subjects often elicits suspicion and antagonism from interlocutors like the one in this exchange I had with a Twitter user identifying as J.D. McGregor :

Conor Friedersdorf: Question. How many of you regard it as racist to oppose the admittance of Syrian refugees to the United States?

J.D. McGregor: Conor can you even imagine an origin story where YOU get to be the kind of person who can decide what's racist or isn't?

Friedersdorf: I don't understand what this means?

McGregor: You consistently treat racism as something liberals invent and arbitrate on a whim.

Friedersdorf: How did my original question do that? It merely sought the opinion of others, right?

McGregor: So what, you're a freelance polling shop now? Why did you ask? Other people can conduct the analysis of context.

Friedersdorf: I have a hypothesis that efforts to rigorously probe subjects like this are often mistaken for attempts to deny racism exists. Any thoughts on that? Or any example of me treating racism as something liberals invent?

McGregor: That it's your rigorous probing of subjects like what liberals call racist is exactly what I was talking about

Friedersdorf: So to clarify, you think it is objectionable to probe what liberals call racist?

McGregor: I think it betrays a perspective on the issue. You would answer your question in the negative, right?

Friedersdorf: I think different factors explain the position; that xenophobia looms large among them; that racists are highly likely to oppose refugee admittance; that there are non-racists who oppose too; that some of this depends on how one defines racism; and that all this and more is best fleshed out, but that you seem eager to stigmatize questioning these matters. Why?

McGregor: I'm not "eager to stigmatize", I'm just telling you that this objective logic boy act is not difficult to see through. If you don't think it's racist, say so, don't couch it in this passive aggressive attempt to prove libs wrong by their own logic

Friedersdorf: But I do think racism is the root for some; and my attempts at rigor are not an act. Why do they make you suspect bad faith?

I never received a reply to that last question, but would very much like to understand the phenomenon, because I observe it frequently, and I believe that raising the costs of inquiries like mine inevitably results in fewer attempts at them—even if they are vital for effective opposition to policies that harm refugees, or religious minorities, or ethnic groups, or foreigners, or any other vulnerable group.
That isn’t to say that all attempts to probe fraught subjects are earnest; that every coyly tendentious overture must be met with forbearance; or that dishonest efforts to minimize social ills never cloak their nature behind questions. But the cost of stigmatizing earnest inquiry are high: diminished understanding and imprecision that does more to undermine anti-racism than erring in the other direction.



ARTICLE
Republican leaders are desperate for President Trump to use his vaunted dealmaking skills to sell skeptical conservatives on their flagging American Health Care Act. They need his backing, and more importantly, they need the political cover he provides.
On Friday, the president delivered his first batch of votes.
After meeting with members of the conservative Republican Study Committee, Trump and House GOP leaders agreed to push the Medicaid provisions in their replacement for the Affordable Care Act further to the right. That was enough to win the support of the group, which represents the largest bloc of conservatives in the House. “We stand united today to move this forward for the American people,” proclaimed Representative Mark Walker of North Carolina, chairman of the RSC and an initial critic of the GOP health-care proposal.
According to a Republican aide briefed on the changes, states will now have the option of accepting a block grant from the federal government instead of receiving funding based on enrollment in the program under the leadership’s original proposal. They’ll also be allowed to institute work requirements for recipients, and states that did not expand Medicaid under Obamacare will be blocked from doing so during the transition. Under another revision, conservatives won the inclusion of language barring recipients from using the bill’s tax credits to pay for abortions. The changes are likely to be included in a manager’s amendment that would be unveiled next week before the final vote.
In the Oval Office, Trump boasted that he had secured the backing of all 13 lawmakers in the meeting. “I want everyone to know I’m 100 percent behind this,” the president said, giving Speaker Paul Ryan and his allies the full-throated endorsement they’ve been seeking for their bill. In a sign of confidence, the House leadership announced shortly after the meeting that they’d bring the revised bill to a full floor vote next Thursday.
Yet Trump remains far from closing the deal with conservatives. Only a few of the lawmakers comprising the baker’s dozen at the White House on Friday had vocally opposed the bill. Most were publicly undecided, and a couple were already onboard. The Republican Study Committee makes up well over half of the 237 members of the GOP House conference, and their support is necessary but not sufficient for the bill to gain the 216 votes it needs to pass.
Ryan and the president still need many of the nearly three dozen members of the hardline House Freedom Caucus to back the bill, as well as most of the moderate Republicans in the House. In a tweet, the Freedom Caucus said it remained opposed to the bill, and one of its members, Representative Justin Amash of Michigan, said it was “still a disaster.” None of the influential conservative activist groups opposed to the legislation—including Heritage Action, the Club for Growth, or FreedomWorks—had changed their position by early Friday afternoon. “Based on what I’m hearing, it’s not enough to get us on board with it,” said Jason Pye, public policy director for FreedomWorks.
GOP moderates had previously expressed concerns about the original Medicaid proposal in the bill, which would end its expansion under Obamacare by 2020 and cap its funding to states. Earlier on Friday, four Republican governors—John Kasich of Ohio, Asa Hutchison of Arkansas, Rick Snyder of Michigan, and Brian Sandoval of Nevada—cited the Medicaid language in formally opposing the legislation in a letter to Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. On the other side, Pye said FreedomWorks is pushing the House leadership to freeze enrollment in the Medicaid expansion and roll it back entirely earlier than 2020.
After Sandoval’s statement, Nevada Senator Dean Heller became the third Republican to officially announce his opposition to the current House bill. The GOP can afford no more than two defections in the Senate, and several other members have criticized the proposal.
House leaders, meanwhile, have already given up hope on the Senate quickly passing their bill without changes. “If they want to make additional changes, that’s called the legislative process, and we would encourage their ideas,” Representative Steve Scalise of Louisiana, the House GOP whip, said after the White House meeting. “We’re just happy to get this bill passed through the House.”
Trump helped with that effort on Friday, but if the reaction from the Freedom Caucus is any indication,  he’s still got a lot more negotiating to do.



ARTICLE
For the last six years, the U.S government has pushed resources toward a set of programs called Countering Violent Extremism, or CVE: grants to community organizations, U.S. attorneys’ offices, and police departments designed to derail people “at risk” of engaging in terrorism. Civil-liberties groups have long argued that CVE is based on false premises: Ideology is not a clear predictor of terrorism, they say, and there is no “pathway” to committing violence. Muslim groups have also worried that the program is a means of surveilling and arresting members of their communities, despite the Obama administration’s assurances otherwise.
New documents obtained via Freedom of Information Act requests by the Brennan Center for Justice suggest these fears were well-founded. In an internal memo, officials at the FBI—one of the main agencies involved in CVE—acknowledged that engagement with radical ideas is not a clear predictor of terrorist acts. And in another document, the Bureau described CVE as a means of strengthening its “investigative [and] intelligence gathering” abilities, which seems to contradict the Obama administration’s claims that CVE is not about law enforcement.
These findings are just the latest evidence in a wave of critiques of the program, which have come from both the left and the right. With the Trump administration eyeing CVE for potential rebranding or elimination, civil-liberties advocates may ironically get their wish to see the end of the program. But if it’s replaced with increased efforts to target American Muslim communities with law enforcement, they may not like what comes next.
The Brennan Center report lays out two major arguments that are now standard among CVE critics in on the left. The first counters the idea that ideology is the main motivation for terrorism. “All empirical research shows that ideology is not the driver of terrorism—it has lots of different drivers and is hard to predict,” said Faiza Patel, the co-director of the Liberty and National Security Program at the Brennan Center.
The FBI appears agrees with this, at least to a certain extent. In 2011, the Bureau conducted a study of the alleged increase in plots against the U.S. after 2006, according to a document obtained by Brennan through a FOIA request. One factor the FBI studied was the influence of Anwar al-Awlaki, the American-born extremist who circulated widely viewed sermons online before he was killed by a U.S. drone strike in 2011. “It is difficult to quantify the degree to which Islamist materials and ideologues—such as [al-Awlaki] … played a part in the radicalization of the persons included in this assessment,” the FBI wrote. “Factors outside the scope of this assessment—such as social environment and personal psychology ... were also influential.”
Despite this kind of evidence, “there remains within our government and policymaking circles, even among Democrats and so-called progressives, this notion that there’s this poisonous ideology and we’ve got to do something to do deal with [it],” said Patel. “Yes, there are these terrible ideas out there. But our function as a government is not to suppress ideas, but actually to deal with violence.”
“You’re staring at a father in Arkansas who’s worried about their kid, and you’ve got nothing.”
Ostensibly, trial CVE programs like those in Minneapolis, Boston, Los Angeles, and Montgomery County, Maryland, near Washington, D.C., are designed to be an alternative to punishment, providing intervention before someone does something terrible. But as William McCants, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institute, has argued, “U.S. law enforcement has no incentives to stop young kids from ruining their lives and every incentive to build cases against them or to recruit them to build cases against their friends.”
Indeed, the Brennan Center’s report suggests the FBI sees CVE as a form of law enforcement. In another internal document obtained via FOIA, the FBI referred to CVE as a way to “strengthen our investigative, intelligence gathering, and collaborative abilities to be proactive in countering violent extremism.” This directly contradicts statements made by the White House, the authors point out: “investigations or intelligence collection” are “not the goal of CVE efforts,” administration officials said in an October 2016 report.
Seamus Hughes, the deputy director of the Program on Extremism at George Washington University, was skeptical that this is damning evidence against the FBI. “The FBI guys are trying to sell a program that’s hard to sell in the Bureau,” he said. “If you ask a regular FBI agent in the field, they’re going to say, ‘We’re not social workers.’” The FBI has always acknowledged that radicalization is not a “step-by-step process,” and that ideology is just “a piece of the puzzle,” he said: “I would be concerned if they said otherwise.”
Reports from February suggest that CVE may get a new name under the Trump administration, such as “Countering Islamic Extremism” or “Countering Radical Islamic Extremism.” This move may be an answer to conservative critics of the program, who have long accused CVE of obfuscating the religious motivations behind terrorism. “We should tell the truth about the enemy we face,” said Ben Sasse, a Republican senator from Nebraska, after the San Bernardino attacks in December 2015. “We are most certainly at war with militant Islam.”
Alternatively, Trump may scrap the program altogether, according to CNN—an ironic potential victory for civil-liberties groups. But if the program is discontinued, those same civil libertarians may like what replaces it even less. “If you’re taking CVE off the table, and the idea of interventions off the table, you’re leaving law enforcement with very few options,” said Hughes, who previously worked on community intervention at the National Counterterrorism Center, which is part of the U.S. intelligence community. “You’re staring at a father in Arkansas who’s worried about their kid, and you’ve got nothing. … At the end of the day, these parents need some sort of support, and they’re not getting it from anybody.”



ARTICLE
Bob Woodson likes to boast that he has “been screwed by the most famous and most influential people in Washington.” At 79, the sprightly, swaggering community organizer and civil-rights veteran has spent decades in D.C. lobbying on behalf of the urban poor, too often partnering with politicians who pose with him for photo-ops and then ditch his cause the moment the cameras are gone.
Paul Ryan was different—or at least that’s what Woodson thought.
The two men began working closely together after the 2012 presidential election, when Ryan—claiming a spiritual awakening—asked Woodson to advise him on policy issues related to poverty. Woodson favored an immersive approach to the project, and over the next four years he took the congressman on dozens of trips to poor inner-city neighborhoods, introducing him to a wide network of grassroots activists, black ministers, and community leaders—front-line foot soldiers in the War on Poverty. Over time, he became convinced of Ryan’s sincerity, and believed he’d finally found a loyal ally who cared deeply about his agenda. “Paul far exceeded my expectations in terms of being morally consistent and firmly committed,” Woodson said.
Now, that faith is being put to the test. In recent days, Ryan has emerged as the vocal champion of a health-care bill that would reduce access to Medicaid, and, according to the Congressional Budget Office, increase the number of uninsured Americans by 24 million. Critics are pointing to Ryan’s enthusiastic support for the legislation as definitive proof that he never really cared about helping the poor—or that, if he did, he’s long since sacrificed that pursuit at the altar of partisan orthodoxy. (Ryan didn’t help his own case when, in a semi-viral Fox News interview last week, he was asked why the bill seemed to prioritize tax cuts for the wealthy at the expense of lower-income Americans, and he literally shrugged in response.)
When I spoke to Woodson late last week, he admitted he was concerned that the people he’s spent his life serving could end up losing coverage under the GOP’s plan. But he hastened to add that he’s not a health-care policy wonk—and, for now, he’s choosing to put his faith in Ryan. “I’m worried about it … but it’s not an issue that I know a lot about; I’m not very deep in understanding,” Woodson said. “All I can do is trust in Paul Ryan and what I know to be his central principle, and that is to protect the least of these.”
Woodson, a self-described “radical pragmatist” when it comes to politics, is no Randian right-winger. But his communitarian streak and emphasis on a kind of up-by-the-bootstraps self-reliance has long endeared him to conservatives in Washington. (President Trump even considered tapping him to serve as Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.) Woodson says he never expected—or wanted—Ryan’s personal interactions with the poor to transform him into a big-government progressive.
Still, as we spoke, Woodson seemed at times like he was straining to give his friend the benefit of the doubt. He told me Ryan did not consult him on the substance of the health-care bill, and that the speaker hadn’t reached out in the days since it was rolled out. Woodson theorized that Ryan might be playing some kind of long game with the legislation that wasn’t readily apparent to outside observers. “I think what Paul is trying to do is some statecraft here,” he told me. “He’s got to keep his caucus together, and I think what he’s doing is … saying, ‘Let’s take your suggestions about what can be changed.’”
Woodson added, “I remember writing a book once, and my final draft did not look anything like what I started with.”
The truth, of course, is that Ryan has set an aggressive timeline for passing the legislation, and he’s made clear he doesn’t want to allow any major changes before it comes up for a vote. Only in the past 48 hours—as party leaders scrambled to salvage the bill—has Ryan indicated that he’s open to substantially tinkering with it.
But to many of of the speaker’s longtime critics, the kind of unswerving faith Woodson demonstrates in the strength of Paul Ryan’s character and the goodness of his intentions is maddening. Only a willful suspension of disbelief, they argue, could lead so many people—be they political reporters, or Washington wonks, or antipoverty crusaders—to continue seeing what they want in Ryan, regardless of the actual policies he tries to enact.
Earlier this week, I phoned Woodson again to see if his thinking had changed at all since we’d last spoken. He told me he was brushing up on health-care policy, and said his nonprofit was working to line up talks and testimonials on the issue from low-income Americans. “What we’re going to be doing is taking a group of people who are suffering from these problems and give them a voice,” he said. “I’m not going to presume to speak for them.”
When I asked him about Ryan he again offered praise, but it was more measured and careful this time. “I know from four years of traveling the country with Paul Ryan that he has the interests of those people he has met at heart,” Woodson told me.
In the increasingly contentious health-care battle now consuming Capitol Hill, Ryan is taking fire from all sides. Democrats say his bill would rip a gaping hole in the social safety net. Conservatives are angrily dismissing it as Obamacare Lite. And the unpredictable president—ostensibly on his team—seems likely to go AWOL at the first sign of trouble.
In this frenzied moment, Woodson is quick to offer his support to Ryan—but unwilling to let him off the hook. “I’m still confident that Paul will see to it that … he gets the best deal for the people that I care about.”



ARTICLE
As the noted philosopher Idina Menzel has elucidated, it’s sometimes best to simply let things go. Yet despite the cold weather in Washington this week, the White House has failed to take the lessons of Frozen to heart.
Take the debate—raging, inexplicably, for nearly two weeks now—around President Trump’s claim, put forth in a series of tweets, that former President Barack Obama tapped his wires at Trump Tower. On Thursday, two senators looking into the allegation said they had seen no evidence for it, even as Trump’s chief spokesman assured reporters that he stands by the accusation.
Or stands by some version of it. Here are the original tweets, for reference:

Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017

Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017

I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017

How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017
These messages created a tizzy, because they constituted a very serious claim: Trump was suggesting that the president of the United States had illegally surveilled a candidate for president. (Obama, through a spokesman, has said the story is not true.)
Yet the White House communications office, likely sensing that the tweets were in danger of blowing up in its face, issued a statement last week saying it would not comment but that Trump wanted Congress to investigate. (Various members of Trump’s circle have studiously avoided putting too much of their own credibility behind the accusation.)
There were, from the start, a series of problems with the accusation. For example, Trump offered no evidence for any of them. For another, they corresponded neatly in time with a Breitbart story that made similar accusations, also without evidence; that story followed comments from right-wing radio host Mark Levin, who also made similar accusations, also without evidence.
Somehow, despite the utter lack of substantiation, the story continues to roll on. The White House has made one minor concession, claiming—semi-plausibly—that Trump did not mean a literal wire tap, but simply meant the Obama administration had been surveilling him somehow.
In an interview with Tucker Carlson on Wednesday, Trump tried to explain that wiretapping could mean many things.
“That really covers surveillance and many other things,” he said. “Nobody ever talks about the fact that [‘wire tap’] was in quotes, but that’s a very important thing.”
For reasons that escape this observer, this question of vocabulary has become a major part of the story, even though it appears to be a wholly irrelevant semantic discussion. One could go back through Trump’s tweets and look for proof that his use of quotation marks in the tweets shows he didn’t really mean what he said. (Brad Jaffy of NBC News has, in fact, done this yeoman’s service.) But why bother? If Obama improperly or illegally surveilled Trump, surely the method does not matter.
Indeed, Trump stuck to the fundamental accusation against Obama during his conversation with Carlson, saying he would send some new information to congressional investigators. “You’re going to find some very interesting items coming to the forefront over the next two weeks,” Trump said. During a hectic press briefing on Thursday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said of the allegation, “He stands by it.”
Spicer’s task in defending Trump was a little more difficult because earlier Thursday, Senators Richard Burr and Mark Warner—the chair and ranking member, respectively, of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence—had issued a statement casting doubt on the claim.
“Based on the information available to us, we see no indications that Trump Tower was the subject of surveillance by any element of the United States government either before or after Election Day 2016,” the senators said.
House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes had previously said he had seen no evidence of a wiretap, but the Burr-Warner statement is notable because of its breadth, saying that they saw no indications of any surveillance of any type.
On Thursday, a particularly querulous Spicer clashed with reporters on the surveillance claim. Spicer has at times in the last two weeks seemed puzzled as to why reporters are so eager to ask about Trump’s accusation, as though the press secretary does not understand the weight given to statements made by the president of the United States. On Thursday, he read a series of clips that reported on various intelligence investigations.
Spicer’s litany of clips was entertaining, in no small part because several of them came from The New York Times, which the White House has repeatedly denounced (and from which Spicer refused to take a question); as Timeswoman Maggie Haberman noted, White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus had denounced some of the same pieces publicly. Several of the stories were dubious, or based on anonymous sources—a practice that, as CBS’s Major Garrett wryly pointed out, the Trump administration has recently criticized harshly.
Even setting aside the double-standards on the Times and anonymous sources, the stories hardly proved that Trump himself had been targeted by surveillance, although they did suggest that some people linked to Trump may have been subject to some sort of investigation. No longer was the claim that Trump himself had been bugged at Trump Tower; now, it was that some people linked to the Trump campaign may have been surveilled. There is one clear case of this: former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, who was forced to resign after intelligence transcripts proved he had misrepresented his conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. But Flynn was apparently caught up in routine surveillance of Kislyak.
The result was surreal: Spicer, the tireless critic of the press, tried his best to convince the press that their stories must be taken as gospel, while the press, typically dubious of government, countered that it was the Senate Intelligence Committee that deserved the benefit of the doubt.
Why was Spicer reduced to relying on anonymous accounts from “fake news” organizations? If the Trump administration has some evidence that doesn’t consist of old press reports, surely it could offer it?
Peculiarly, the White House has refused to do that so far, saying that it’s more proper for Congress to do the investigation than it is for the administration to handle it, because of separation of powers (an explanation that makes no sense, especially given, for example, Attorney General Jeff Sessions’s willingness to investigate his predecessors), and that if Trump did ask his Justice Department to investigate, the press would probably attack him anyway (which is probably true).
Spicer dismissed questions about the Burr-Warner statement. “They’re not findings,” he said. “The statement clearly says at this time, they don’t believe that. They have yet to go through the information.”
This is not entirely true—lawmakers met with FBI Director James Comey to discuss the surveillance allegation, among others. Burr and Warner also issued a second statement after the Thursday briefing, sharply noting that they would not have made their statement had they not been fully briefed. (Spicer also earned an unusual rebuke and denial from the British intelligence agency GCHQ, which he mentioned during his review of clips.)
But insofar as senators have yet to review all information, one reason is that the Trump administration still has not turned it all over. In fact, when the Justice Department had a deadline to hand over any evidence it had to lawmakers this week, it instead requested more time.
This shouldn’t be that hard. On Wednesday, Breitbart’s Joel Pollak, who wrote the story that seems to have set off Trump’s claim, appeared on Meet the Press Daily, where Chuck Todd asked him where he got the story idea.
“The story about how this article was written is very simple,” he said. “It was late at night and I was washing dishes listening to Mark Levin’s show from earlier in the day, and I thought, ‘Wow, that’s amazing.’”
Pollak made no claim to have uncovered new information. Instead, he said his story brought a series of facts already reported together to make the case: “This was stuff that was being reported and just nobody had really pulled it together.”
You can read Pollak’s assembly of evidence and judge for yourself, though it’s hard to see how it proves Trump’s claim that Obama targeted him for surveillance, as he alleged.
The more important point here is that if all Pollak did was assemble already extant press clips, why can’t the White House do that? With each day, it seems more likely that the Trump team has no evidence to support the claim of wiretapping outside of what is in the Breitbart story, but is afraid to admit it and let the issue die. Instead, the president is wasting his own time, the press’s time, Spicer’s time, the Justice Department’s time, and Congress’s time. As long as the White House is going to make Senate committees look into vaguely plausible ideas for which it has no evidence, why not investigate something that many Americans believe in, like UFOs?



ARTICLE
The American Health Care Act has now passed through three committees on its way to a vote on the House floor. So far, the Republican leadership’s replacement for Obamacare has emerged unscathed, and unchanged.
It is not likely to stay that way much longer.
Conservatives say they have the votes to defeat the measure, and they plan to introduce an amendment that would push it significantly to the right, likely by ending the Affordable Care Act’s Medicaid expansion earlier than 2020 and by allowing states to institute work requirements for recipients.
Their bid to change the bill will force Speaker Paul Ryan to make a critical decision: Accept a significant amendment that could mollify the right at the expense of party moderates, or risk an embarrassing defeat on the floor of the House that would smash the GOP’s top legislative priority.
Increasingly, it seems the choice is being forced on the speaker. As of last week, Ryan had told reporters that Republicans in the House and Senate faced a “binary choice” on the health-care bill, resisting all but the most minor tweaks to the legislation. That position came under fire immediately, first from conservatives who quickly called his bluff, then from Republicans who warned House leaders that their bill wouldn’t come close to the 51 votes it needs to pass the Senate. Ryan got little help from President Trump, who repeatedly told conservative lawmakers and activists during White House meetings that the bill was open to negotiation.
Asked on Wednesday by Tucker Carlson if the House bill was “the best Republicans could do” after seven years of promising to repeal and replace Obamacare, the president replied: “I think there’s going to be negotiations.” At another point in the interview, Trump appeared to concede that the bill could hurt the working-class voters that supported him. “If we’re not going to take care of the people, I’m not signing anything,” he said.
By Wednesday night, Ryan had already begun to bend. But how much?
The party would make “necessary refinements and improvements” to the bill, Ryan told reporters at an evening press conference. On Thursday morning, though, he was careful to note that it would not be subject to a wholesale rewrite. “Clearly,” Ryan said at a Capitol press conference, “the main parts of this bill are going to stay exactly as they are.” If he was frustrated by the president’s mixed signals about the bill, he wasn’t showing it. Ryan repeatedly praised Trump’s involvement, saying he was making it “easier” to pass health-care reform and comparing his communication skills to those of Ronald Reagan. The show of support appeared to be a rebuttal to conservative Trump allies who have accused Ryan of misleading the president about opposition to the health-care legislation. On Wednesday he said Senator Rand Paul was “insulting” Trump by suggesting the speaker had sold him “a bill of goods.”
In part, the speaker’s new willingness to accept changes is due to a tactical shift. Republican leaders had initially hoped to pass their bill through both the House and Senate in the span of a few weeks, but opposition from key senators has ruined those plans. Because the GOP must use the budget reconciliation process to get the bill through the Senate with only a simple majority, it must be subject to amendments. And Ryan indicated on Thursday he now expects a much more drawn-out negotiation that will require a House-Senate conference committee, potentially delaying a final bill—if they can reach agreement at all—by weeks if not months.
The upshot is that the speaker isn’t worried much about the Senate at the moment. “My job is to move bills through the House,” Ryan said Thursday. “I am not the Senate majority leader.”
Conservatives dominate in the House far more than in the Senate, and so Ryan must try to win over many of the three dozen or so members of the House Freedom Caucus who have balked at the leadership’s bill. Three of them became the first Republicans to vote against the proposal in the Budget Committee; the bill advanced narrowly on a 19-17 vote. Procedurally, the panel could not make substantive changes to the legislation, but its Republican members agreed to requests from conservatives to issue recommendations to tighten Medicaid eligibility and end new enrollments sooner than 2020.
Whether those changes would be enough to win over the right is unclear. Representatives Jim Jordan of Ohio and Raúl Labrador of Idaho, both members of the Freedom Caucus, said they would unveil their own amendment in the coming days. They have criticized numerous aspects of the bill, including its refundable tax credits, its Medicaid language, and a provision that would require people to pay a premium to insurers if they go without coverage for more than two months. Party leaders could accept their amendment when the Rules Committee meets next week, or they could draft their own changes in an effort to secure conservative support. The changes most likely to be made are those targeting Medicaid.
Yet while Labrador said on Thursday the bill could be fixed, he strongly criticized Ryan’s performance and said he should take lessons from Nancy Pelosi, the former Democratic speaker who steered the Affordable Care Act to passage seven years ago. “I do think at some point the leadership needs to figure out how to keep the promises we made to our constituents,” Labrador said at a conservative panel event. He also mocked efforts by the leadership-backing American Action Network to urge his constituents to pressure him to support the repeal bill. “Every person has called to oppose the bill,” Labrador said.
By reopening the legislation, Ryan must bring on enough conservatives without losing the votes of more moderate Republicans who represent states that expanded Medicaid or have older and more vulnerable populations. Representatives Ileana Ros-Lehtinen of Florida, Rob Wittman of Virginia, and Leonard Lance of New Jersey have announced their opposition to the bill after the Congressional Budget Office determined it would cause 24 million people to lose insurance coverage over the next decade. Others, including Representatives Peter King of New York, Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania, and Tom MacArthur of New Jersey, have said the continuation of Medicaid at least until 2020 is important to them. The leadership, which still hopes to hold a floor vote next week, can suffer 21 Republican defections while still reaching the 216 needed for passage.
Ryan has said the goal now is to identify “the sweet spot” that can get the GOP’s long-promised repeal-and-replace bill out of the House and into the Senate. What’s clear from the past few days is he hasn’t found it yet.



ARTICLE
President Trump's budget blueprint, released Thursday, would increase defense spending by $54 billion and significantly cut discretionary domestic spending across federal agencies. “We went back and pulled lines from speeches, interviews and turned his words, his policies into numbers,” Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney told MSNBC in an interview. Senate Intelligence Committee leaders said they have not seen any evidence to substantiate Trump’s allegations that former President Obama wiretapped Trump Tower. Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was paid nearly $34,000 for a 2015 speaking engagement in Moscow, according to newly released documents. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said that the administration plans to appeal rulings from two federal judges that temporarily blocked the president’s revised travel ban from taking effect.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

All Roads Lead to the Supreme Court: Two federal judges have blocked Donald Trump’s new travel ban, which was supposed to take effect on Thursday. What happens now? Here are the administration’s options. (Matt Zapotosky, The Washington Post)
Republican vs. Republican: Speaker Paul Ryan and Arkansas Senator Tom Cotton are both “low-tax, strong-on-defense, small-government conservatives.” But Ryan is one of the fiercest defenders of the new health-care bill, while Cotton has emerged as one of its biggest critics. (Burgess Everett and Rachael Bade, Politico)
More to the Story: Trump’s former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn “was paid tens of thousands of dollars by Russian companies shortly before he became a formal adviser to the then-candidate,” according to documents obtained by a congressional oversight committee. The Wall Street Journal unpacks new insights revealed by the files. (Shane Harris, Paul Sonne, and Carol E. Lee)
‘Lessons of Obamacare’: Sarah Kliff and Ezra Klein share the lessons they learned about health-care reform based on conversations with President Obama, dozens of elected officials, and government staffers who assisted with the design and implementation of the Affordable Care Act. (Vox)
A Briefing Divided: White House press briefings are made up of correspondents from mainstream outlets, as well as reporters from lesser-known outlets who are sometimes called “floaters.” These journalists were typically viewed as a “harmless distraction”— that is until recently, when Press Secretary Sean Spicer started prioritizing them. (Andrew Marantz, The New Yorker)
 
Is Trump’s Budget History-Making?: The Atlantic’s Andrew McGill gives Trump’s budget blueprint some historical context—using these 17 charts.
In the week leading up to Super Bowl 51, we asked you to imagine that Capitol Hill had a football team—and suggest potential team names. Since this week marks the beginning of March Madness, we want to know: If you had to pick a lawmaker to coach your team and take it to the Final Four, who would you pick—and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
The White House released President Trump’s wish-list for the federal budget on Thursday, and outlined in it, among other domestic-spending cuts, is a proposal to totally eliminate funding for 19 independent agencies. While Trump’s decision to cut the Corporation for Public Broadcasting— an agency dedicated to journalism—and the National Endowment for the Arts might not be entirely surprising, what is notable is his apparent desire to eliminate a federal agency created to improve the lives of many of his own supporters: the Appalachian Regional Commission.
The ARC was established by an act of Congress in 1965 as a federal-state partnership to promote economic growth in a region encompassing all of West Virginia and parts of Pennsylvania, Ohio, Kentucky, Alabama, Georgia, Maryland, Mississippi, New York, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia. Its footprint includes 420 counties and more than 25 million people.
The commission is made up of the 13 states’ governors, along with Federal Co-Chair Earl Gohl, who was appointed by President Obama in 2010. Their job is to approve funds for grants for hundreds of wide-ranging projects in the region every year: things like highway and sewer system improvement projects, technical education, and community health initiatives. The agency’s POWER initiative, which will celebrate its one-year anniversary on Friday, specifically targets communities affected by job losses in coal mining.
“We’re making sure the Appalachia workforce is prepared for jobs,” Wendy Wasserman, the communications director for the ARC, told me. In fact, Wasserman said, last year, Congress approved a budget of $146 million for the agency, its highest budget in decades, in order for it to focus on coal-impacted communities. Already, the ARC has invested $73 million on 89 projects in 236 counties—projects that include, Wasserman says, “teaching coal miners how to code, helping develop agricultural activity on former coal land, and training folks who would have been tracked into coal into solar installation or construction.”
A February 2015 evaluation of the agency’s work showed that in the past 50 years, the ARC’s $3.8 billion invested in non-highway related programs resulted in 312,000 jobs and $10.5 billion in additional earnings. Because of its work, the agency told the Lexington Herald Ledger, the number of high-poverty counties in Appalachia dropped from 295 in 1960 to 84 in 2017. The overall poverty rate also decreased since the ARC’s founding, from 30 percent to under 17 percent. “We’re doing what we said we would do since 1965,” Wasserman said, “which is invest in Appalachia’s potential.” Without federal funding, she said, the ARC literally would not exist.
Trump’s promise to revitalize the region economically became a centerpiece of his campaign during 2016, and Appalachia overwhelmingly backed Trump in the presidential election; 10 of the 13 states covered by the ARC went to him on November 8, 2016. His proposal to eliminate all funding for the commission—an agency specifically designed to stimulate economic growth in the region—seems to fly in the face of that promise.
“We’ve been around for 52 years,” Wasserman told me. “There’s a reason.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump won the White House after promising to bring back jobs to the United States and revive American manufacturing. But the president's budget blueprint, released on Thursday, calls for federal funding cuts that could set back scientific and technological breakthroughs that spur innovation and create jobs as well as jeopardize, or even eliminate entirely, government programs designed to support American manufacturing.
The Department of Energy is one of the agencies that would be impacted by cuts. It would sustain an overall budget cut of roughly $1.7 billion, and its Office of Science would lose roughly $900 million in funding, according to the White House blueprint. “To sustain advanced manufacturing, countries need to invest in a balanced research and development portfolio,” David Hart, a senior fellow at the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation, said in an e-mail. “DOE is a major funder of physical sciences and engineering research and development, so the cuts will hurt in that regard.”
Additionally, Trump’s budget proposes ending or discontinuing federal funding for several programs that either promote innovation or are intended to benefit manufacturing. At the Department of Energy, the blueprint eliminates Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, which is set up to act as a government funder of breakthrough energy projects that can help commercialize technology that might one day support the creation of private sector jobs. It also scraps the Advanced Technology Vehicle Manufacturing Program, which runs a loan program intended to help support United States manufacturing facilities. 
At the Department of Commerce, the proposed budget would discontinue federal funding for the Manufacturing Extension Partnership, a program that provides assistance to small and mid-sized manufacturers. The blueprint notes that “by ending federal funding, MEP centers would transition solely to non-federal revenue sources.” Hart said that the program would not be able to be sustained on a national basis, however, without federal funding. “These kind of cuts will undermine supply chains and regional clusters that are particularly important to sustained competitive advantage in advanced manufacturing,” he said.
According to science and technology experts, these components of Trump’s budget, as well as the budget’s overall funding cuts to federal agencies that support research and development, could hurt American innovation and manufacturing, and put future opportunities for job creation at risk.
“If these cuts were to be enacted, they would signal the end of the American century as a global innovation leader,” Joe Kennedy, another senior fellow at the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation, wrote in a blog post responding to the budget release. “The reality is that if the United States is going to successfully manage its growing financial problems and improve living standards for all Americans, it needs to increase its investment in the primary drivers of innovation, productivity, and competitiveness. The Trump budget goes in the opposite direction,” the post reads.
The call to eliminate the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, or ARPA-E, for example, runs the risk of setting the country back in research and development. The budget blueprint argues that “the private sector is better positioned to finance disruptive energy research and development and to commercialize innovative technologies.”But that explanation glosses over the fact that government funding has historically played a critical role in the development and commercialization of new technology.
“The ARPA-E program was developed precisely because there is a gap in investment and funding in the private sector for early-stage development of innovative, new technologies because they’re incredibly risky,” Rob Cowin, of the Union of Concerned Scientists, said in an interview. “As technologies are built, and demonstrated, there’s a lot more appetite for private sector investment because there’s less risk. But at the beginning there’s a tremendous amount of risk, largely associated with cost and performance, and that’s where government funding can help get new technology off the ground.”
The president’s proposal to eliminate ARPA-E, in other words, seems to undervalue the importance of government funding to technological innovation. The suggested cut could also take the creation of new jobs off the table. “Eliminating ARPA-E means eliminating new opportunities to commercialize and manufacture the technologies of the future,” Cowin said. “Between 2009 and 2015, ARPA-E projects attracted over $850 million in private sector investment, creating new companies and new jobs, while growing new markets.”
Of course, the administration could still create new employment opportunities in other sectors. The budget calls for an increase in funding for the Departments of Defense, Veterans Affairs, and Homeland Security. At the Department of Labor, the president's blueprint states that it will help states expand apprenticeship, which it describes as “an evidence-based approach to preparing works for jobs.” The budget also notes that the administration will “work hard to identify regulations that eliminate jobs or inhibit job creation.”
Presidential budgets, like Trump’s, typically function more as a statement of priorities and political messaging than an actual roadmap for government overhaul. Now that Trump has outlined his budget priorities, Congress will have a chance to review them. If some of the proposed cuts to research and development are enacted by the legislative branch, that may make it harder for the president to make good on his promises to support manufacturing in the United States and create jobs.



ARTICLE
Michael Flynn and Sebastian Gorka share a couple of things. Both men are rabidly anti-Islam, and both seem to have been insufficiently vetted by the Trump White House.
Flynn, of course, was the national security adviser pushed out after barely three weeks for lying to the vice president about his contacts with Russia. Last week, after Flynn filed papers acknowledging he had lobbied on behalf of the Turkish government between August 2016 and his appointment to the Trump administration, I wondered how Flynn could possibly have gotten appointed.
Gorka is a top terrorism adviser to Trump; like Flynn, he has a long record of militant attitudes toward Islam, and like Flynn, his foreign ties are now coming under serious scrutiny. The Forward reports Thursday that officers of Vitézi Rend, an anti-Semitic, quasi-Nazi Hungarian nationalist group, say Gorka is a sworn member. Gorka wore a medal typically worn by Vitézi Rend members to a January 20 inauguration ball, but said at the time that it was a gesture honoring his late father. He has also at times referred to himself as Sebastian L. v. Gorka, using a “v.” initial employed by Vitézi Rend members.
There are, of course, reasons to take quasi-Nazi group’s claims about their members with a grain of salt. Asked by The Forward and others about his affiliation with the group, Gorka declined to comment and referred questions to the White House, on what ought not be a particularly tough question. However, he has now told Tablet, “I have never been a member of the Vitez Rend. I have never taken an oath of loyalty to the Vitez Rend.”
The Forward, which had previously reported on connections between Gorka and Hungarian anti-Semites, speculated that Gorka could be jeopardizing his immigration status if he is a member of Vitézi Rend but did not declare it upon entering the country, as required by the State Department, which considers it a Nazi-linked group.
Setting aside the question of immigration status, the story does force the question of how Gorka made it through the vetting process.
One answer is that he had friends in high places. Gorka was previously national-security editor at Breitbart, whose former CEO Steve Bannon is now President Trump’s top strategist. His views on Islam also closely align with those of the president and many of his top aides. They are, however, far outside the mainstream of scholarship of terrorism and Islam, and experts in the field view his qualifications as questionable.
Another answer is that Gorka didn’t entirely make it through the vetting process. The Associated Press reported in February that he did not have appropriate security clearance for his work, and it’s not clear that he has any clearance at all.
Staffing remains a quandary for the Trump administration. First, many of the people who would typically staff a Republican administration have been ruled out. Some have ruled themselves out, saying they won’t work for Trump because of moral or policy differences; the White House has ruled others out on the basis of past statements they have made about Trump. (This includes, reportedly, multiple candidates for top jobs at the State and Defense departments who the respective secretaries have recommended, only to have the White House reject them.)
Second, there are no Trumpist think-tanks, nonprofits, and other organizations that the administration can draw on for staffing, because his brand of Republicanism is so new. Other strains of GOP thought could draw on that informal network—even libertarians, a sometimes marginalized portion of the party, have a set of nongovernmental organizations—but Trump does not.
That leaves the administration with a motley bunch of the people who are left. Some of those are opportunistic hangers-on who might never have made it to the White House before but spot an opening. Within that crew, many still can’t make it. In February, Politico noted that the administration had dismissed six executive-branch hires who failed to pass background checks. Others are true believers in Trumpism who are also flawed, like Flynn; Flynn aide Robin Townley, who was rejected for a National Security Council job because he failed to get security clearance; and now, perhaps, Gorka.
Despite the apparently loose standards of vetting in the White House, a huge number of executive-branch jobs remain unfilled. As they work to fill those jobs, officials in the Office of Presidential Personnel might want to make sure they ask prospective candidates whether they have any ties to Nazi-affiliated groups. You know, just in case.



ARTICLE
Let’s start with the law.
The president of the United States has power to bar “any class of aliens” both as immigrants and as nonimmigrants and to impose on their ordinary comings and goings “any restrictions he may deem appropriate.”
That’s the language of the U.S. Code, the law of the land as enacted by Congress, under Congress’ own constitutional power over immigration and naturalization.
Presidential power is never absolute, of course. It’s always subject to the Constitution. Many have argued that Trump's ban is unconstitutional because—as the president himself has repeatedly said—it’s intended to ban Muslims, and should be regarded as prohibited religious discrimination.
But here’s the problem for those making the argument: It’s firmly established U.S. law that the rights of the Constitution belong only to Americans. The U.S. Army can strip enemy combatants of weapons without offending the Second Amendment right to carry firearms. It can billet troops in private dwellings overseas without offending the Third Amendment. The NSA can intercept foreign communications without regard to the Fourth Amendment. The U.S. courts do not hear cases from foreign nationals who complain their due process rights under the Fifth Amendment have somehow been infringed. And so through the gamut.
Where do foreign nationals then acquire their supposed First Amendment right to enter the United States without religious discrimination?
The answer offered by Judge Derrick Watson’s opinion is a judicial reach of a kind that might sound clever to the student editors of an academic law review—but that should worry all Americans in real life. By barring foreign Muslims, the opinion argues, the Trump administration has signaled disfavor of domestic Muslims as well, thereby violating their First Amendment rights to religious equality.
Not only that! Watson’s opinion further contends that this argument is so convincing that it is “highly likely” to prevail on the ultimate merits—and for that reason, that he is justified in issuing immediately a temporary restraining order against Trump’s ban.
This double argument is bold, to put it mildly.
What it does, in effect, is globalize the First Amendment (and possibly other amendments too) provided only that a fellow adherent of that religion live inside the United States.
This approach is so ambitious and so new that it renders it incredible Judge Derrick Watson’s claimed certitude that the plaintiffs are “highly likely” to prevail. Their chances are at best touch-and-go; at worst, probably doomed.
Frankly, under any other president than Donald Trump, it seems impossible that a federal judge would have expressed such certitude—or granted their requested order. The federal courts have historically granted large deference to presidential power over immigration and naturalization. The Supreme Court ruled as recently as 2015 that the president could deny a visa to an alien for no reason at all! In answer to an alien who contended that the U.S. government had violated her due process rights, the court ruled:

She claims that the Government denied her due process of law when, without adequate explanation of the reason for the visa denial, it deprived her of her constitutional right to live in the United States with her spouse. There is no such constitutional right.

Why then did Watson accept the far-fetched argument that aliens can acquire First Amendment rights at second-hand? Watson candidly confessed that he was swayed by the avowals by the president and his senior aides that their motives were indeed based on irrational religious discrimination. “In this highly unique case,” he wrote, “the record provides strong indications that the national security purpose is not the primary purpose for the travel ban.” He could not overlook "significant and unrebutted evidence of religious animus driving the promulgation of the Executive Order and its related predecessor.”
To amend an old saying: Bad presidents make bad law. Because President Trump is behaving in an unprecedented way, Watson feels called upon also to behave in an unprecedented way. In order to defend a constitutional value—equal treatment of all American religions—Watson has issued an order that corrodes the constitutional system itself. It’s a lose-lose proposition, because either way a constitutional norm would be weakened before the world.
Watson’s imaginative reasoning in Hawaii v. Trump asserts a new judicial power to disregard formal law if the president’s personal words create a basis for mistrusting his motives. In the age of Trump, many will be sympathetic to this judicial power—but it is crammed with dangers, too. Not the least of those dangers is that this new rule creates incentives for the president to race to cram the courts with his people in the possibly brief window in which his party controls the Senate. If presidential power ebbs and flows according to the opinions the judges of the moment happen to feel about the character of the president of the moment, the day has come when the courts too must become a prize of hyper-partisan politics.
I’ve argued before in this space that Donald Trump is a uniquely dangerous president. Watson has now revealed to us another of those dangers. In response to the danger posed by Trump, other American power holders will be tempted to jettison their historic role too, and use any tool at hand—no matter how doubtfully legitimate—to stop him. Those alternative power holders may even ultimately win. But in winning, they may discover themselves in the same tragic position as that Vietnam-era army officer who supposedly said: “We had to destroy the village in order to save it.”



ARTICLE
Six years ago, in the first act of a budgetary drama, a group of aggrieved legislators hung a daft gun over the mantle. Now, in its third act, it is set to fire.
The gun is the arcane fiscal tool called sequestration, and it now poses a mortal threat to President Trump’s budgetary agenda, announced in greater—if hardly great—detail today. One might think that Trump’s proposal would be easily pass through the Republican Congress, as it expands the security budget and winnows much of the rest of the government. Many Republicans are defense hawks seeking more money to fight ISIS and modernize the armed forces. Many others are budget hawks bent on cutting Washington down to size.
Yet the proposal is dead on arrival. To appropriate funding as the White House wants, Trump would need to repeal or subvert sequestration. To do that, he would need to overcome the threat of a Senate filibuster. To do that, he would need to woo some number of Democrats. To do that, he would need to overhaul his budget figures. And in doing that, Trump would almost certainly lose too many Republican votes to pass his budget.
Sequestration shoots. Sequestration kills.
“Show me the budget deal that would increase defense spending, lift the budget caps, keep all Republicans, and bring in eight [Senate] Democrats,” said Todd Harrison, a military spending expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a foreign-policy think tank. “It doesn’t exist.”
This morning, Trump released the details of his so-called “skinny budget,” a proposal for government spending in the 2018 fiscal year. (In contrast to prior presidents, Trump has not proposed any changes to the tax code or to entitlement programs such as Social Security.) He asked for $54 billion in additional defense spending, paid for with cuts to domestic programs, including money for public diplomacy, famine relief, low-income housing, and scientific research, also axing entire agencies including the National Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities as well as the Appalachian Regional Commission.
Trump’s proposed bump to military spending is significant if not huge, defense experts said. “It is a 9 or 10 percent increase from where we are right now, and also a 10 percent increase from the budget cap for fiscal-year 2018,” Harrison told me. “But the Obama administration, in their last budget request, had said they wanted a $33 billion boost in 2018. So it is not much of an increase compared with what the Pentagon was already planning for.”
Those non-defense cuts, on the other hand, would pose an existential threat to many important and popular programs—so much so that Republican appropriators are already balking at making them. The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a Washington-based think tank, has calculated that Trump would slash the already-threadbare nondefense discretionary budget to 30 percent below its 2010 spending level—down to the smallest sliver of output since 1999, perhaps, and among the smallest slivers of output since the early 1960s.
Many of those nondefense discretionary programs benefit lower- and middle-income Americans, with housing support, funding for legal defense, or money for heat in the winter. Given that Trump is also floating regressive tax- and entitlement-reform policies, “the indications are mounting that when we get the full Trump budget, it may represent the most aggressive Robin-Hood-in-reverse budget proposal by any president in modern U.S. history,” said Bob Greenstein, the president of the CBPP, speaking with reporters this week.
Not that this skinny budget request is going anywhere, thanks in no small part to sequestration. Back in 2010, with the economy just starting to claw its way out of the Great Recession and the government racking up hundreds of billions of dollars in debt, President Obama and members of Congress agreed to try to reduce the deficit in the longer term as part of a debt-ceiling deal. They passed a Kafkaesque law, the Budget Control Act, that would implement a brutish trillion dollars in cuts unless they came to a smarter grand bargain. Those cuts were divided equally between defense and nondefense spending, and applied indiscriminately across all eligible programs. Both sides hated the cuts from the get-go—indeed, that was the point. But no grand bargain materialized. And sequestration, odious as it is, has stuck around.
The nitty-gritty of the law puts caps on the amount that Congress can spend on defense and on nondefense discretionary programs up through 2021. It bars Congress from shifting money from defense to nondefense programs, or back again, under the cuts. And congressional rules prevent legislators from using reconciliation—a way to vault over the 60-vote threshold in the Senate—to get out from under the caps or to eliminate them entirely.
In other words, to spend more than the Budget Control Act allows, the party in power needs to pass a law with support from the other side.
Trump has proposed eliminating the defense sequestration cap, and his budget seems to suggest setting a single defense and nondefense cap. “My understanding of what the White House is actually proposing is to replace the separate caps on defense and nondefense spending with one cap on total discretionary spending,” Ed Lorenzen, a budget expert at the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, told me. But to do so would require Democratic votes.
Those votes are unlikely to be forthcoming—certainly not if Trump or Republicans in Congress are pushing for austerity for diplomatic programs and killing Big Bird. Democratic aides said that they would be demanding dollar-for-dollar parity, meaning an extra dollar for domestic programs for every extra dollar in defense, as a bare minimum. “As has been shown over and over again the past few years, Republicans cannot complete the appropriations process on their own under sequestration’s unrealistic targets,” Steny Hoyer, the House minority whip, said in a statement last month. “President Trump will soon learn that funding federal agencies is much easier with bipartisan cooperation.”
There might, however, be creative ways out of this budgetary bind. The White House could put its defense appropriations in the Overseas Contingency Operations fund, meant for war spending, Harrison theorized. But the skinny budget itself does not use that budgetary maneuver, and Trump’s own budget director, Mick Mulvaney, has been among the harshest critics of politicians putting normal defense outlays into the OCO and using it as a “slush fund.” (The White House did not respond to questions about how it plans to negotiate sequestration.)
Trump could get more creative, prompting congressional Republicans to break parliamentary rules to pass his budget, Stan Collender, a budget expert and executive vice president at Qorvis MSLGROUP, told me. But that seems unlikely as well. “You’d have to bastardize the reconciliation process,” Collender said. “It would require the parliamentarian being bought and paid for, or replacing him, or unanimous consent. And there isn’t unanimous consent for a reading of the Lord’s Prayer in Congress right now.”
Or Trump could demand that Congress pass a budget in defiance of the sequestration caps, with the White House spending money in defiance of federal law. “We’re talking about the president violating federal law, the budget office violating federal law, and the Senate majority leader flouting federal law,” Collender told me. “Trump’s base would probably enjoy that a lot. But we’re talking about lawlessness, or legislative chaos. The last time that happened with the budget was with Nixon and impoundment.”
What seems much more likely is that Trump will find himself in a similar position to Obama, and that this Congress will find itself in a similar situation to past Congresses. Dramatic proposals will soon become piddling changes. Grand budget deals will instead become a series of muddling-through continuing resolutions. Disorder, sludge, idiocy, randomness, and inertia will win out.
That is hardly taking into account the broader hurdles that Trump faces, despite Republican control of government. His blustery populism has already collided with Republicans’ small-government conservatism, raising the question of how to shrink the government without touching Medicaid, Medicare, or Social Security, or how to balance the budget while implementing massive tax cuts. Sequestration might be an important check on Trump. But it is hardly the only one.
“We very well could be headed towards a budget standoff this fall,” Harrison told me, given the need for Democratic support for the White House’s proposals. “I don’t see an easy path forward.”



ARTICLE
Not since the Supreme Court told Harry Truman to give back the steel mills has an American president gotten such a concentrated dose of bad news as the federal courts gave President Trump yesterday.
By now you’ve read of the harsh words that District Judge Derrick Watson in Hawaii directed at the president’s revised “travel ban” yesterday in a temporary restraining order barring its enforcement “in all places, including the United States, at all United States borders and ports of entry, and in the issuance of visas ... pending further orders from this Court.” A federal district judge in Maryland issued a similar, though narrower, order late last night, saying that “explicit, direct statements of President Trump’s animus toward Muslims and intention to impose a ban on Muslims entering the United States, present a convincing case that the First Executive Order was issued to accomplish, as nearly as possible, President Trump’s promised Muslim ban.”
To complete the hat trick, the active bench of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals refused to reconsider a three-judge panel’s earlier decision upholding a restraining order against the original travel ban, which was issued by a district judge in Seattle on February 3. Unlike the original, the revised ban bars travelers from six rather than seven predominantly Muslim countries, and exempts legal permanent residents and those who obtained visas prior to the order.
That Seattle judge also heard arguments on an order against the revised ban yesterday, and while he has yet to be heard from, the portents for the administration aren’t good.
But the most interesting judicial rebuke to Trump came not in adverse opinions, but in a 26-page dissent by someone who may be the closest thing he has right now to a judicial friend.
Judge Jay S. Bybee, writing for himself and four other circuit judges, dissented from the Ninth Circuit’s refusal to rehear the original travel-ban case. Bybee is no enemy of executive power: as head of George W. Bush’s Office of Legal Counsel, he supervised the preparation of the infamous John Yoo memos authorizing American intelligence personnel to use waterboarding and other tortures on detainees in what was then called the “global war on terror.”
That episode may raise questions about Bybee’s values, but no one has ever called him unintelligent. His dissent should make sobering reading for those celebrating the skunking of the travel ban yesterday; on the merits, Trump’s case is stronger than his opponents would like to believe, and there’s a reasonable chance the ban will prevail when it finally reaches the Supreme Court.
But the president’s relations with the entire federal bench are undergoing a near-death experience. Consider these words:

The personal attacks on the distinguished district judge and our colleagues [on the Ninth Circuit] were out of all bounds of civic and persuasive discourse—particularly when they came from the parties. It does no credit to the arguments of the parties to impugn the motives or the competence of the members of this court; ad hominem attacks are not a substitute for effective advocacy. Such personal attacks treat the court as though it were merely a political forum in which bargaining, compromise, and even intimidation are acceptable principles. The courts of law must be more than that, or we are not governed by law at all.

Those words, plainly aimed at a sitting president, are extraordinarily harsh—the equivalent, in the polite parlance of the appellate bench, of Rep. Joe Wilson’s scream of “You lie!” in the House chamber during Barack Obama’s 2009 health-care address to Congress.
And the author is Bybee. In the process of urging a decision for Trump, he felt constrained to disown the president in the most personal terms.
Nothing chastened, Trump last night flew into attack mode again, this time against Watson, the judge in Hawaii. At a raucous rally in Nashville, he accused Judge Watson in Hawaii of making a “political decision” and committing “unprecedented judicial overreach.” Then for good measure, he added an explicit threat against the court on which Bybee sits. He told the audience that many people are “screaming, break up the Ninth Circuit. I will tell you why. That Ninth Circuit, you have to see, take a look at how many times they have been overturned with their terrible decisions.” “Break them up” may succeed “lock her up” as a Trump-rally chant.
Any lawyer, any first-year law student, any part-time night custodian at a law firm, knows that the proper response to an unfavorable trial court decision is never—ever—a personal attack not only on that judge but also on the appellate court that will hear the case next. Trump apparently still believes that he will find the proper form of words that will bring judges to heel.
The odds are he will not.
Again, that’s not to say that he will not win the travel ban case when it reaches the Supreme Court. Bybee lays out the essential argument for the ban: the Immigration and Nationality Act authorizes the president “by proclamation” to “suspend the entry of all aliens or any class of aliens as immigrants or nonimmigrants.” This sweeping provision is what the administration relies on. (The Maryland court found that this grant of power was restrained by a separate provision forbidding discrimination by “nationality” in the granting of immigrant visas.) Beyond that, the judges restraining Trump’s orders interpose a proposition—so far not tested in the Supreme Court—that even this power must give way to the fundamental principles of the Constitution, such as equal protection of the law or the prohibition on “establishment of religion.”
Precedent going back to the 19th Century suggests that these basic constitutional principles don’t apply to immigration decisions, because aliens not yet in the United States don’t have rights under the Constitution. In addition, Bybee cites a 1972 Supreme Court case, Kleindienst v. Mandel; in that case, the Court said that if an individual exclusion order is issued “on the basis of a facially legitimate and bona fide reason, the courts will neither look behind the exercise of that discretion, not test it by balancing its justifications” against another constitutional right. Even if Trump intended to ban Muslims, the argument goes, the court may not use that intent against an order that is otherwise properly drafted.
Trump’s first order, Bybee wrote, “easily” passes that test. Courts, he argued, owe “substantial deference” to the president, but the court’s panel “wiped out any principle of deference to the executive.”
The emerging issue, then, is whether our understanding of the Constitution’s values and structure have evolved since the days of the Chinese Exclusion Acts, when courts likened non-white immigrants to invading armies. Bybee’s arguments—much as I disagree with them—succinctly state the case for judicial abdication in the immigration context.
Of course, the president’s somewhat unorthodox litigation strategy is to  belittle the judges and threaten the courts. In his Nashville speech, he even threatened defiance, telling his supporters he just may decide to reinstate the original executive order, already found unconstitutional.
Within days, he will be before the Ninth Circuit pleading for “deference” to his good judgment. If does not change his tone, and soon, even a Bybee may have trouble swallowing that pill.



ARTICLE
On Thursday, the White House released President Trump’s proposal for the federal budget, a blueprint outlining his spending priorities for Congress and the country. It cuts the budgets of many domestic programs. But for 19 independent agencies, it goes a step further—and proposes eliminating their funding entirely.
The wish-list is dubbed “America First,” and Trump’s proposed route to making America great again will involve a substantial increase in defense spending, offset with deep cuts to agencies like the State Department and the Environmental Protection Agency.
It’s known as the “skinny budget,” and skinny it is, as Trump’s initial outline focuses only on discretionary spending, which makes up less than one-third of the federal budget. But Trump makes it clear that he wants to fatten one thing: the Department of Defense. He’ll increase the department’s budget by $54 billion, a move he says sends “a message of American strength, security, and resolve” to the world.
To do that, Trump plans to shrink the budget for the State Department and USAID by $10 billion, a 28 percent decrease from 2017. The budget also outlines a 31 percent cut in funding for the Environmental Protection Agency, discontinuing all funds for the Clean Power Plan, international climate change programs and research, and for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and the Chesapeake Bay Program.
On page five of his blueprint Trump proposes the elimination of funding for 19 independent agencies—those that exist outside of federal departments headed by a Cabinet secretary. One of those agencies is the Appalachian Regional Commission, a federal-state partnership focused on economic development in a region encompassing all of West Virginia and parts of Pennsylvania, Ohio, Kentucky, Alabama, Georgia, Maryland, Mississippi, New York, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia. Its inclusion is notable, because it serves a region that largely supported Trump, and which he has promised to revive economically.
Another is the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, an agency created in 1967 to ensure universal access to television and radio programming. The CPB’s budget relies almost entirely on federal funds and it distributes most of its funding to locally owned public radio and television stations. Trump also proposed defunding the National Endowment for the Arts, an agency supporting projects in arts education, literature, music, and other disciplines.
Here’s the complete list of the independent agencies Trump wants to defund:
The administration’s full budget, which will include elements like mandatory spending, is expected to come out later this spring.



ARTICLE
President Trump moved towards his promised crackdown on immigration upon taking office, signing executive orders that called for the hiring of more enforcement agents and the construction of a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, but his proposed budget, released Thursday, signals an incremental approach.
The Department of Homeland Security’s budget would grow by $2.8 billion, or roughly 7 percent, as laid out in the White House blueprint. Of that, $314 million is allotted to hire and train 500 new Border Patrol Agents and 1,000 new Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agents.
“These new personnel would improve the integrity of the immigration system by adding capacity to interdict those aliens attempting to cross the border illegally, as well as to identify and remove those already in the United States who entered illegally,” the blueprint reads.
The figures provide a sense of how the president intends to execute his previous call for an uptick in Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agents and Border Patrol Agents. Last month, the DHS released memos requesting the hiring of 10,000 more Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agents and 5,000 more Customs and Border Protection Agents. Hiring, however, is a complicated and long process—that’s particularly true for immigration-enforcement agents.
Mark Krikorian, the executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies, told me last month that doing so in a short time span would be difficult. “I don’t think the money issue really is going to be a problem. As far as the personnel goes, the real problem is going to be maintaining standards in hiring and training and not succumbing to political pressure to hire people quicker,” he said. The blueprint seems to acknowledge that.
The so-called “skinny budget” also supports speedier deportations by pouring more funds into “detention, transportation, and removal of illegal immigrants,” and sets aside $2.6 billion for border security, including the construction of a wall. But the White House figure falls well short of estimates for constructing a wall that would completely block off the southern border. Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney acknowledged the uncertainty in how much this funding would accomplish in a briefing with reporters on Wednesday, though he noted this is the first step in the process.
“The next question is going to be: How many miles of wall does that build, right? We don’t know the answer to that question because we haven’t settled on construction types, we haven’t settled on where we’re going to start,” he said.
The emphasis on immigration enforcement results in $667 million worth of cuts elsewhere in the department, including disaster mitigation grants and counterterrorism funding. The blueprint “eliminates and reduces unauthorized and underperforming programs administered by TSA in order to strengthen screening at airport security checkpoints, a savings of $80 million from the 2017 annualized CR level.” It goes on to outline raises to the TSA Passenger Security Fee, reductions to the Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response program, and the elimination of TSA grants to state and local police.
The uptick in funding for DHS is offset by cuts across federal agencies. As my colleague Russell Berman notes, the president still needs to get the blueprint through Congress. For now, however, the blueprint reaffirms the president’s pledge to ramp up immigration enforcement—though perhaps not yet at the scale promised earlier this year.



ARTICLE
A trio of courts once again handed Donald Trump’s immigration order legal setbacks on Wednesday and Thursday. In Hawaii, federal Judge Derrick Watson issued a temporary restraining order against the law. The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals announced Thursday night that it would not hold an en banc hearing, meaning one with all judges on the court seated, to reconsider its earlier ruling against the law. And Thursday morning, a federal judge in Maryland temporarily blocked the portion of the order that bars immigration from six predominantly Muslim countries.
But this wasn’t quite a replay of the resounding defeat that Trump received after round 1 of the battle. The first executive order that emerged from the White House was almost universally acknowledged to be sloppy, careless, and not up to legal standard, and it came as a little surprise when courts rejected it. So the White House went back to the drawing board, redrafting the order in a way that was designed to pass muster in court.
What is unusual about the rulings in Hawaii and Maryland is how heavily they rely on statements made outside of court, and in particular on statements made by senior Trump aide Stephen Miller during press interviews. In the legal arena, the Trump administration presented itself as withdrawing its first order and issuing a second one, relying on different constitutional bases. But publicly, Trump aides were insisting that the new order achieved the same thing as the first one.
In a February 16 interview, Miller said that the difference between the two orders was “mostly minor technical differences,” but the “basic policies are still going to be in effect.”
“Fundamentally, you’re still going to have the same basic policy outcome for the country, but you’re going to be responsive to a lot of very technical issues that were brought up by the court and those will be addressed,” Miller told Fox News on February 21. “But in terms of protecting the country, those basic policies are still going to be in effect.”
The plaintiffs argued that these statements proved that whatever the government was saying in court, the Trump administration was still envisioning the policy as a “Muslim ban,” just like the one that courts had already struck down. As a result, they argued, judges should also rule against the second order. The government contented that finding against the government would require the impossible act of what is going on inside the president’s mind, in Trump’s “veiled psyche.”
Judge Watson rejected that. “For instance, there is nothing “veiled” about this press release: ‘Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States,’” he wrote.
But that’s a disputed point of law. Josh Blackman, a professor at South Texas College of Law, argued on Twitter that the Judge Watson’s reasoning was overly broad, and would seem to prevent any administration from ever issuing an immigration ruling pertaining to predominantly Muslim countries. On Lawfare, which has been critical of the Trump White House, Peter Margulies also argued that Watson’s reasoning constituted judicial overreach. And in the Ninth Circuit, Judge Jay Bybee laid out a case for upholding the original executive order, even as he scolded the White House for its attacks on the judiciary.
Presented with a situation in which some legal scholars were assailing the courts for overreaching, and taking his side, what did the president do at a rally in Nashville Wednesday night? He shot himself in the foot.
Faced with a ruling in Hawaii that alleged that Trump was being disingenuous when he argued that his second executive order wasn’t really a Muslim ban, Trump went out of his way to convince the courts, and anyone else listening, that the judges were right: The new order really was the same as the first one.
“The order he blocked was a watered-down version of the first order, that was also blocked by another judge and should have never been blocked to start with,” Trump said. “Remember this: I wasn’t thrilled, but the lawyers all said let’s tailor it. This is a watered-down version of the first one. This is a watered-down version. I think we ought to go back to the first version and go all the way, which is what I wanted to do in the first place.”
Why would Trump go out of his way to prove that the judges were right? As usual, the question becomes whether Trump is crazy, or crazy like a fox.
Perhaps the president just couldn’t help himself, got excited about being back out in a campaign-style rally, and spoke rashly. It also seems likely that he hadn’t read the entirety of the order when he hit the stage in Music City. Trump repeatedly railed against the Ninth Circuit, even though the ruling he was discussing was the district court order in Hawaii. (Press Secretary Sean Spicer, whom both the Maryland and Hawaii judges cited in their rulings, told the press pool on Air Force One after the rally that he had not read the order yet.)
The alternative, Machiavellian explanation is that Trump isn’t really all that worried about the policy outcomes. Legal matters aside, the travel ban looks more like a piece of symbolism than a matter of sound policy; when White House officials asked the departments of Homeland Security and Justice to provide a factual basis for the ban, they were upset to receive a report suggesting the ban would actually do little to make the country more safe. And the White House delayed rolling out the second, revised order for public-relations reasons, a move that clashes with protestations of urgent danger and suggests either cynicism or recklessness. In this scenario, it is more politically useful for Trump to be able to rail against courts for having prevented him from keeping the country safe that it is to actually have the executive order in place.
Whether or not the Machiavellian interpretation is valid, Trump’s outburst on Wednesday risked undercutting the administration’s standing in court. If that is true, he will be forced to try to squeeze whatever political benefit he can get out a situation where the White House has bobbled its legal approach.



ARTICLE
To afford a beefier military, Donald Trump intends to substantially cut a slew of government departments, like the Environmental Protection Agency and the Department of Labor.
Since the president has promised to maintain spending on entitlements like Social Security and Medicare, he intends to shift the burden of paying for his defense program to the government’s smaller agencies, some of which are responsible for keeping workplaces safe, monitoring air and water quality, and making sure the government’s bills are paid on time. Nearly two-thirds of the cuts come from departments that constitute only 20 percent of the budget.
His budget outline, released today, would fund some federal departments at the lowest level since the 1980s, when adjusted for inflation.
On first glance, Trump’s push to increase military spending might seem reasonable. After accounting for inflation, his proposal would fund the Department of Defense at 2016 levelsMeaning the fiscal year, not the calendar year—so half of this time period was actually in 2015.—which, you know, was only two years ago. Granted, the U.S. no longer has hundreds of thousands of troops fighting overseas, as was the case for most of the last decade. Nor does it have a belligerent rival superpower to outspend, as it did with the USSR.
That said, by electing Trump—who made no secret of his ambition to increase military spending—perhaps voters have shown they support a modest increase.
But here’s the problem with Trump’s 10 percent spending bump. If he offered that increase to the Department of Justice or HUD, no big deal. But the defense budget is massive.  Every percentage point of extra military spending costs American taxpayers $6 billion. In total, Trump wants $52 billion, which is more than the U.S. spends on highway safety, national parks, and public housing combined.
With the country’s major entitlements locked down, Trump has instead turned to smaller departments for savings, taking the opportunity to slice a bit deeper into the ones Republicans don’t particularly like, including the Department of Education. Some, including the Department of Labor, haven’t seen budget allocations this low since the 1980s.
Here’s the full rundown:
Trump reportedly hopes a surge in the economy could save him from making some of these cuts. But his off-the-cuff projection of 3 percent growth in gross domestic product is unlikely; the Congressional Budget Office projects GDP growth will remain flat, at around 2 percent, through 2026.
The president’s proposed military spending won’t break any records. But the amount he’s cutting from domestic departments will. During the campaign, Trump  promised to project strength at home and abroad, to bolster America’s hard power overseas while rebuilding its national infrastructure. This budget shows how hard it is to do both at once.



ARTICLE
Updated at 11:20 a.m. ET
For the last two years, the National Institutes of Health has represented a rare point of agreement in Washington, with congressional Republicans leading a bipartisan effort to increase its funding.
But the agency, the world’s engine of biomedical research, may now find itself in a less comfortable position. In a spending proposal released Thursday, the Trump administration cut roughly 20 percent of the NIH budget, or $5.8 billion. It’s a significant departure from the $2 billion increase the agency recently saw—and it’s sure to rattle researchers whose work, and livelihoods, depend on public money.
The numbers released Thursday constitute a budget blueprint, and the administration and both chambers of Congress will release their full budgets later this year. But as my colleague Russell Berman notes, the blueprint is still significant, as it shows where the White House’s priorities lie and where they don’t. This so-called “skinny budget” includes a $54 billion increase in defense spending and major cuts to discretionary domestic programs, like NIH. “The budget includes a major reorganization of NIH’s institutes and centers,” the administration’s proposal reads, “to help focus resources on the highest priority research and training activities. … The budget also reduces administrative costs and rebalance federal contributions to research funding.”
The agency, which distributes funding to some 300,000 scientists worldwide, has seen its funding wax and wane over the last 20-odd years. In the late 1990s and early 2000s, Congress doubled its funding each year, infusing the agency with cash. But for years afterward, the budgets stayed stagnant. Funding advocates explain that NIH didn’t lose its bipartisan support—other issues, like national defense, simply became more pressing. This hurt the agency’s ability to fund scientists’ research grants and labs’ ability to retain young researchers, and made planning for multi-year projects extremely difficult.
Scientists and NIH officials alike were encouraged by the recent enthusiasm around NIH. In an interview last year, agency Director Francis Collins said he hoped Congress would begin “a trend to get us back on a stable, predictable, upward trajectory.” At the time, lawmakers seemed mostly on board with that plan, as the Republican chairs of the relevant funding panels both supported future budget bumps. Congress hasn’t settled on funding for the 2017 fiscal year, but legislators planned for another NIH increase of up to $2 billion.
The question now is how closely congressional Republicans will conform to the president’s proposal as they craft their own budgets, and how strongly the president’s staff will push for this particular cut. In a statement, Representative Tom Cole, who chairs the House funding panel with jurisdiction over NIH, said Congress will take the budget proposal “into consideration,” but that “ultimately” Congress will decide “what will get cut and what will be increased.” According to STAT News, Cole wants a $2 billion increase for NIH in 2018. Asked for comment, Cole’s Senate counterpart, Roy Blunt of Missouri, noted that “there are many concerns with non-defense discretionary cuts” in the budget blueprint. “The president’s budget is the first step in the appropriations process.”
It’s true that there are many more steps to go before final numbers are settled. But for NIH, the president’s proposal will nevertheless be unsettling news.  



ARTICLE
Updated on March 16 at 9:53 a.m. ET
If Americans were taken aback by the restrained, highly scripted President Trump that addressed Congress last month, they should recognize a lot more of the blustery, law-and-order candidate they elected in the budget blueprint the White House released on Thursday.
“If he said it on the campaign, it’s in the budget,” the president’s budget director, Mick Mulvaney, told reporters in a Wednesday briefing previewing the proposal’s release.
That means more money—some $54 billion in extra defense spending—for the military generals Trump loves to quote so much, and a lot less for the diplomatic niceties and programs combatting climate change that he so often dismissed. The State Department sees a 28 percent cut in the administration’s budget request, with a chunk of it coming from foreign aid. “It is not a soft-power budget,” Mulvaney explained. “This is a hard-power budget, and that was done intentionally. The president very clearly wants to send a message to our allies and to our potential adversaries that this is a strong-power administration.”
Trump is asking Congress for a down payment of more than $4 billion to fund his border wall, part of a $30 billion supplemental appropriations request to bolster national security. The Department of Homeland Security would see a 6 percent boost in the president’s first budget, which would also direct more money toward law enforcement and education programs promoting school choice.
Those increases, however, would be offset by what the administration is acknowledging are substantial cuts to domestic agencies like the Environmental Protection Agency (31 percent), the Department of Housing and Urban Development (13 percent), and the Department of Agriculture (21 percent), among others. “There’s a lot of programs that simply cannot justify their existence and that’s where we zeroed in,” Mulvaney said. One of those programs, apparently, is Sesame Street: Mulvaney confirmed that the administration will seek to eliminate the federal government’s involvement with the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, which directs funds to public radio and TV stations. The CPB receives $445 million annually in federal funding, which Trump wants to drop to nearly zero in the coming years.
The proposed cuts don’t stop there. The Trump administration wants to eliminate federal funding of 19 agencies and commissions, including the National Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities, the Legal Services Corporation, the Institute of Peace, and an interagency council on homelessness. Some of those have long been targets of conservatives in Congress, but Democrats are expected to fight aggressively for their preservation, and it’s likely they retain majority support to continue.
Beyond the programs targeted for elimination, the Trump budget puts nearly every domestic Cabinet department on the chopping block. In the Department of Education, dozens of school and teacher grant programs would go, and the popular college work-study program would see significant cuts. In the Department of Commerce, NOAA gets slashed by billions, including the complete elimination of $250 million in grants for coastal and marine management. Funding for the National Institutes of Health—an agency with some of the most bipartisan support in Congress—would drop by nearly $6 billion, a cut 18 percent.
While DHS would see an overall boost in funding, support for the Federal Emergency Management Agency within the department would drop by $667 million. And despite Trump’s promise of significant investment in infrastructure, he would cut the Department of Transportation’s budget by 13 percent, including a significant reduction in the federal government’s support for Amtrak. Mulvaney said the initial cuts to transportation programs were designed to free up money that would later be used in the administration’s infrastructure proposal, which Trump has said could total more than $1 trillion in public and private spending.
Senator Charles Schumer of New York, the minority leader, vowed that Democrats would “emphatically” oppose the cuts. “Once again the Trump administration is showing its true colors: talk like a populist but govern like a special interests zealot,” he said in a statement. “This budget shifts the burden off of the wealthy and special interests and puts it squarely on the backs of the middle class and those struggling to get there.” Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont called the proposal “morally obscene.”
Mulvaney said his office crafted the budget by going back and translating Trump’s actual words as a candidate into numbers. That makes sense—few responsibilities in presidential governing more closely resemble a campaign platform than the submission of a budget. It’s primarily a wish list of priorities that Congress is free to accept or ignore, and unlike traditional legislation, the final product is not something Trump will sign or veto. Republicans in the House and Senate will draft their own budget proposals, and it is the one they pass that will form the basis of the appropriation bills that actually fund the government’s departments and agencies.
The Trump blueprint, known in Washington as the “skinny budget,” has more detail than his campaign proposals, but not as much as a full budget; that won’t come until May. The document released Thursday will have top-line numbers requested for each agency, but not a line-item breakdown of every individual program the administration wants to cut. Mulvaney said that Cabinet secretaries will have more flexibility than they have had in the past to move money around where they see fit. And because of Trump’s desire to boost military spending without increasing the deficit, not all of his domestic priorities will see increases in funding. The president would trim NASA’s budget by about 1 percent, for example, despite his call before Congress to see “American footprints on distant worlds.” Trump’s repeated vow to revitalize the nation’s inner cities also is not translating into more money for HUD.
If enacted, Trump’s domestic cuts would likely result in a historic reduction in the size of the federal workforce, a development that would have significant ramifications for the economy of Washington, D.C., and surrounding suburbs in Maryland and northern Virginia. When a reporter at the White House asked about that prospect, Mulvaney was unapologetic. “We did not write this budget with an eye toward what it would do to the value of your condo,” he replied.
GOP lawmakers have already given a chilly response to Trump’s desire to finance a $54 billion increase in Pentagon spending solely with dramatic cuts to discretionary domestic programs. Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina declared his slashing of foreign aid “dead on arrival,” and many other Republicans signaled uneasiness with cutting from the EPA and other agencies as much as the administration wants. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell made clear that the Senate was unlikely to adopt Trump’s budget. (With just a 52-48 majority, it’s unclear whether Senate Republicans will be able to agree on their own budget proposal.)
Trump is not proposing a budget that increases the government’s projected $488 billion deficit in 2018, but nor is he calling for a budget that balances anytime soon, much to the consternation of conservatives. For that, he’d need to either raise taxes—a non-starter for Republicans—or tackle long-term mandatory spending by making cuts to programs like Medicare and Social Security, which he promised to protect during his campaign. “The president is going to keep the promises he made regarding those programs,” Mulvaney said. By supporting the House Republican health-care bill, however, Trump is already going after Medicaid, another entitlement program he at one time pledged not to chop.
The real fiscal battle in Congress will come not on Trump’s budget blueprint but on the appropriations bills, where Democrats will regain leverage because these measures require 60 votes to pass in the Senate. And that fight will begin with the administration’s $30 billion request for supplemental spending, which it wants lawmakers to approve as part of legislation to fund the government beyond April 29. Senate Democrats want to deny Trump the initial $1.5 billion he is seeking in the current fiscal year to get started on the border wall, and their refusal could spark a government-shutdown fight. Only once Congress figures out funding for the rest of 2017 can it begin debating appropriations for 2018.
Trump’s budget blueprint is more than symbolic, and certainly more consequential than the proposals former President Barack Obama sent for swift rejection by Republicans in his last years in office. GOP lawmakers won’t take his requests literally, but they will take them seriously (to borrow a line that’s back in the headlines). Trump has put specific dollar figures behind his priorities for the first time. The next big test, however, will be which ones he fights for when Congress decides how the money is spent.



ARTICLE
The fierce crosswinds battering the House Republican effort to replace the Affordable Care Act are straining the fragile détente between President Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan.
The immediate problem for Trump and congressional Republicans is escaping the legislative quagmire that has quickly enveloped their crusade to uproot former President Obama’s ACA. The longer term challenge is bridging the distance between the Trump and Ryan visions of the GOP’s agenda and coalition, which the turmoil over the health legislation has exposed.
The “America First” agenda that Trump rode to the White House braids two distinct strands of conservative thought. The first is an insular nationalism hostile to foreign influences (immigrants, Muslims, international trading partners) and domestic elites (government, cosmopolitan liberals, and corporate leaders). The second is a qualified reassessment of traditional Republican attitudes toward government. Trump shares the conventional Republican determination to slash taxes, regulation, and spending—particularly on transfer programs for the poor—but has carved out one big exception. He has pointedly embraced government programs that benefit his blue-collar and older white base, including Medicare, Social Security, and infrastructure spending.
Ryan steers by very different stars. Throughout his career, he’s rejected economic nationalism and championed trade and immigration. As a disciple of the late Jack Kemp, Ryan has pushed the party to welcome more minorities—while Trump, for example, more commonly portrays undocumented immigrants or inner-city gangs as threats to his preponderantly white supporters. Conversely, Ryan has been much more ideologically doctrinaire than Trump about cutting taxes and spending. That includes entitlement programs, like Medicare, that benefit the older and blue-collar whites who are central not only to Trump’s coalition, but also to the GOP House majority.
The Trump administration’s early weeks have been a delicate minuet between these contrasting perspectives, which can be simplified as nationalism and libertarianism. Trump has emphasized nationalism in his own actions, including executive orders withdrawing from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement, escalating efforts to deport undocumented immigrants, and restricting immigration from initially seven—now six—Muslim-majority nations. During the campaign, Ryan criticized all of those ideas. But since Trump’s victory, the speaker has defended them.
Trump and Ryan have also found common cause in rolling back federal regulations, particularly those concerning energy production and climate change. That cause unites conservative nationalists and libertarians.
But as the health-care debate shows, the seams are more visible on questions related to federal spending. Trump struck the first blow in late February when he previewed his three-pronged guidance for the federal budget. Trump aligned with Ryan and other congressional Republicans by promising to increase defense spending and severely cut domestic discretionary programs. Those programs, in fields like education and scientific research, provide the federal government’s principal investments in the future productivity of younger people, a racially diverse and mostly Democratic constituency.
But Trump decisively departed from libertarian Republicans by reaffirming his campaign pledge to block cuts to Medicare and Social Security. Those programs benefit an older population that is predominantly white (about three-fourths of all Americans over age 45 are white) and heavily Republican (whites over 45 provided over half of all Trump’s votes). With his pledge to protect Medicare, Trump elevated his nationalist agenda over Ryan’s libertarian-flavored drive to restructure the program into a “premium support” system that shifts financial risk from government to seniors.
The health-care struggle flips this order. Trump has embraced Ryan’s blueprint to radically retrench the ACA while cutting taxes for the wealthy. But in its devastating analysis of the Ryan plan, the Congressional Budget Office reaffirmed what I’ve called the Trumpcare conundrum. The plan would lower costs for younger and healthier people, many of whom now lean Democratic. At the same time, it would raise premiums—by as much as 25 percent—and swell the uninsurance rate for older adults ages 50 to 64, who now mostly vote Republican.
In that way, the House repeal bill embodies a pre-Trump ranking of GOP priorities: It subordinates the president’s pledge to protect those families to Ryan’s determination to systematically shrink government. “The House GOP Obamacare replacement bill … continues to make cost control a higher priority than health-insurance coverage for working families, and as such is not likely to be well received by the non-Republicans whose votes [elected] Donald Trump,” said Henry Olsen, a senior fellow at the conservative Ethics and Public Policy Center. “Trump’s implicit promise that he was a different type of Republican when it came to spending and the role of government … will be sorely tested if this bill is not amended.”
Ryan’s deference to Trump’s nationalism on trade and immigration, and Trump’s acceptance of Ryan’s libertarian approach to health care, has left the GOP with a policy mix crisscrossed by contradiction. In an interview, Neera Tanden, president of the liberal Center for American Progress, noted that the Trump-like European populist parties all combine suspicion of immigrants and trade with support for a generous welfare state, which often includes expanded retirement benefits and a higher minimum wage.
Trump appeared to be heading in that direction, too. But by embracing Ryan’s ACA alternative, the president is now threatening the economic security of his working-class base, even as he loudly expresses their cultural anxieties on such issues as immigration. Trump’s risk is that this incongruence loosens his moorings at both ends: The cultural nationalism could repel minorities and white-collar whites, while the economic libertarianism disillusions working-class and older whites.
“Throughout the world,” Tanden said, “there isn’t a model of success for the marriage of xenophobia with libertarianism.” House Republicans can’t be entirely sure whether Trump will try to disprove that rule—or cut his losses and abandon their beleaguered health-care crusade.



ARTICLE
Zachary Fardon, the former U.S. attorney for the northern district of Illinois, was one of the 46 chief federal prosecutors who were ousted by the Trump administration last week. But he’s the only one who released an open letter on his way out.
In his five-page statement released Monday, Fardon emphatically defended the use of consent decrees to enact meaningful reforms in troubled police departments.  Fardon speaks with some experience here: During his tenure as the top federal law-enforcement official in Chicago, the Justice Department found systemic violations of constitutional rights during an exhaustive review of the Chicago Police Department’s practices and policies.
Two days later and a half-dozen states to the east, Attorney General Jeff Sessions offered his own vision of the federal government’s role in American policing. Bad cops do exist, he told an audience of federal and local law-enforcement officials in Richmond, Virginia. But he focused on how they allow other officers to be “unfairly maligned and blamed,” claimed that in turn leads to a rise in violent crime rates by demoralizing local police.
The implications of these two worldviews are significant: In Sessions’s view, bad cops are an individual problem, not a systemic one requiring federal scrutiny. In Fardon’s view, federal intervention is sometimes necessary to rein in unconstitutional policing.
What’s interesting is that Sessions and Fardon operate from roughly the same premise in their statements: that increased scrutiny of local police departments can lead to increased violent crime. (Activists and criminal-justice reform organizations are quick to challenge that theory by pointing to major cities like New York City and Los Angeles, where reforms didn’t lead to spikes in violent crime.) But Fardon and Sessions’ conclusions from there differ significantly, with important implications for the future of federal oversight of local policing.
Fardon began his tenure as the chief federal prosecutor in Chicago in 2013, shortly after a stray bullet killed 15-year-old Hadiya Pendleton a week after she performed at President Obama’s second inauguration. Her death focused national attention on the city’s gun crime problems, which have only grown since then. Fardon himself framed that rising tide of violence in stark and personal terms.
“At no moment during those three and a half years did the gun violence abate,” he wrote. “Every month, every year, innocents died, kids died. In 2014, 2015, and 2016 I showed pictures during speeches I gave—pictures of children, sweet and innocent, and dead from gun fire.” His letter outlined both the short-term and long-term causes that create those tragedies.
The short term factor, he explained, is a surge in violence since January 2016, shortly after the city experienced four major events: the release of the Laquan McDonald video, the opening of a Justice Department investigation into the Chicago Police Department, the firing of Superintendent Garry McCarthy, and a stop-and-frisk agreement between the ACLU and the CPD. The combination of those incidents, Fardon wrote, widened the gulf between the CPD and the communities they police. They also “poured gasoline” on the damage already done to Chicago’s communities of color by decades of plunder and racial segregation:

The long term is that Chicago has an entrenched gang problem in a limited number of neighborhoods on the south and west sides. For decades, those neighborhoods have been neglected. The reasons for that historic run of neglect are rooted in ugly truths about power, politics, race, and racism that are a tragic part of our local and national history and heritage. And as a consequence of those ugly truths, and the neglect they brought, these neighborhoods stand wrought with poverty and inadequate schools, businesses, jobs, and infrastructure. For many growing up in these neighborhoods, there is a sense of hopelessness, a belief cemented early in life that they’re not good enough for higher education and that they’ll never get good jobs. Gangs and guns are ubiquitous, and gangs fill the void created by that hopelessness; they teach kids crime and violence, and give kids protection, money, and a sense of belonging. That’s the long term reality, and long term challenge.

To address those entrenched issues, Fardon offered a few ideas. He wrote enthusiastically about building “brick-and-mortar” youth centers with existing federal grant money to create hubs for social services in each neighborhood, which could serve as alternatives to gangs. He recommended curbing gang members’ use of social media with direct interventions and through cooperation with parents, community members, and social media websites. (“Don’t send in the National Guard, send in the tech geeks,” he insisted.) And he complained that Chicago’s draconian bail-bond system traps impoverished nonviolent Chicagoans while allowing those accused of violent offenses to walk free.
Sessions made no reference to these historical forces in his Richmond remarks, let alone any solutions to them. His prescription for issues with American law enforcement was simple: more policing and less criticism of it. On the former, he called for tougher prosecution of violent crimes by federal prosecutors and closer cooperation by law-enforcement agencies to crack down on the illegal-drug trade. On the latter, he raised the specter of more violent crimes if police authority was undermined.
“Unfortunately, in recent years law enforcement as a whole has been unfairly maligned and blamed for the unacceptable deeds of a few bad actors,” Sessions said. “Too many of our officers, deputies, and troopers believed the political leadership of this country abandoned them. Amid this intense public scrutiny and criticism, their morale has gone down, while the number of police officers killed in the line of duty has gone up.”
Sessions then drew a direct connection between the rise in violent crime and increased public scrutiny of local police departments. “Many of you who are law enforcement leaders have also told us that in this age of viral videos and targeted killings of police, something has changed in policing,” he said. “Some law enforcement personnel are more reluctant to get out of their squad cars and do the proactive, up-close police work that builds trust and prevents violent crime. In some cities, arrests have fallen even as murder rates have surged.”
Fardon doesn’t seem to entirely disagree. In the letter, he painted a similar picture of the Chicago Police Department’s struggles in the aftermath of the Laquan McDonald shooting. “By January 2016, the city was on fire. Cops were under scrutiny. Cops had to worry about the ACLU deal. And many of them just no longer wanted to wear the risk of stopping suspect,” he explained. “So cops stopped making stops. And kids started shooting more—because they could, and because the rule of law, law enforcement, had been delegitimized. And that created an atmosphere of chaos.”
But his solution to this problem was more scrutiny of police departments, not less of it. Outside intervention, he argued, is necessary to bring about change. “The media routinely calls [the Justice Department report] a scathing indictment of CPD,” he wrote. “Not accurate. The report is not a scathing indictment. It may be hard hitting but it is measured and fair. We didn’t say cops are bad. We said CPD has systemic problems that prevent it from supporting good officers, or checking bad officers. And so culture and morale suffer. That’s the truth.”
The federal component, Fardon argues, is especially critical when facing complacent or easily distracted local political bodies. “If you leave correcting those deficiencies to the vagaries of city politics, then you likely lose the long term fight,” he wrote. That may be doubly true for Chicago itself, a city with notoriously ossified political systems. “This city’s history is replete with examples of saying the right thing, in some cases starting the right thing, but then losing focus, particularly if and as the media and public attention pivot toward whatever is the latest crisis.”
That pivot may be imminent. As a senator representing Alabama, Sessions was a prominent skeptic of tighter constraints on law enforcement. He carried that stance into his new role as attorney general, telling legislators during his confirmation hearings that he worried consent decrees “undermine the respect for law enforcement.” Fardon may be right about what’s needed to fix struggling police departments. But Sessions is the one with the opportunity to put his theory to the test.



ARTICLE
“Some toxins can be deadly in small doses,” Chief Justice John Roberts wrote last month in the Supreme Court’s opinion in  Buck v. Davis. In Buck, the Supreme Court vacated a death sentence handed down to a black defendant after an “expert” witness told the jury that black defendants are more likely to kill again than whites. Roberts is a terrific writer; his characteristically pithy aphorism rebuked a lower court, which had decided that the “future dangerousness” testimony was “de minimis”—of little importance—and should thus not affect Duane Buck’s death sentence.  (Justices Samuel Alito and Clarence Thomas dissented.)
Curiously, the chief justice was on the other side in a case last week considering an equally grotesque case of racism in criminal justice, Peña-Rodriguez v. Colorado. The court majority struck down a jury verdict thoroughly infused with racism, Roberts joined Alito in his dissent, with Thomas filing a separate one. In Peña-Rodriguez, one racist juror brought into jury deliberations his own opinion (as, he said, “an ex-law enforcement officer”) that a defendant must be guilty of a sex offense “because he’s Mexican and Mexican men take whatever they want.”
The “expert” testimony in Buck took place in open court; the racist talk in Peña-Rodriguez was behind the jury room doors. Jury deliberations are presumed to be secret, and the common law had a rule of “no impeachment,” meaning that jurors could not testify after a verdict that improper considerations had swayed the jury. Over the years, that rule has been codified in state and federal rules of evidence. Federal Rule of Evidence 606(b) is the current federal version—but the rule doesn’t say that jurors can never testify about what went on in the jury room. In fact, juror testimony is permitted to show that 1) the jury was given improper information from outside about the case; 2) someone tampered with the jury with bribes or threats; or 3) someone on the jury just wrote down the wrong verdict on the official form. Colorado’s rule is similar. Neither rule contains an exception for the introduction of racism into deliberations.
That doesn’t mean that any incident of racism is off limits after the fact. If there is evidence from outside the jury (for example, if a court officer overheard racist remarks among jurors), that evidence can be heard. (As a Third Circuit judge, Alito once wrote an opinion in such a jury-racism case; he wrote that testimony from a witness who spoke with a juror outside the jury room was permissible, but not testimony by jurors themselves about what went on inside it.)
The rationale for the “no impeachment” rule is that jurors would not be frank in deliberations if they feared later cross-examination —and that unscrupulous lawyers would harass jurors seeking evidence to reopen a case.
Trial lawyers are intensely curious about what has gone on in the jury room. Often they will approach jurors after the verdict to ask what tipped the case one way or the other. Jurors aren’t required to talk to lawyers, but they are free to.
In Peña-Rodriguez, a Colorado jury found Miguel Angel Pena-Rodriguez guilty of harassing and touching two underage girls in a racetrack women’s room. Pena-Rodriguez said he wasn’t there, but the jury didn’t believe him. After the verdict, though, two jurors gave sworn statements that one juror, identified as “H.C.,” had told fellow jurors that “nine times out of ten Mexican men were guilty of being aggressive toward women and young girls. Citing supposed experience in law enforcement, H.C. added that Mexican men had a “bravado” that led them to sexual abuse.
Following the Colorado rule, the trial court refused to hear the evidence, and the appellate court affirmed the conviction. The Supreme Court granted review to consider whether the Sixth Amendment’s guarantee of an “impartial jury” should, in some cases of alleged racial bias, require an exception to the “no impeachment” rule.
The high court has previously upheld the rule as a protection of the jurors’ rights to deliberate without pressure. In a 1987 case, Tanner v. United States, the court refused to let jurors testify that jurors had regularly gotten drunk at lunch and smuggled pot and cocaine into the courthouse. In a 2014 case called Warger v. Schauers, the court also refused to make an exception for testimony that one juror had lied during jury selection about her personal bias in a case.
The issue in Peña-Rodriguez was whether racism is a different, and more serious, warping influence on a jury. In his majority opinion, Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote that it is. Unlike the intoxication and individual bias in the earlier cases, he said, racism in deliberations is “a familiar and recurring evil that, if left unaddressed, would risk systemic injury to the administration of justice.” It “implicates unique historical, constitutional, and institutional concerns.” Because racism is so powerful and potentially pervasive, a “constitutional rule that racial bias in the justice system must be addressed ... is necessary to prevent a systemic loss of confidence in jury verdicts, a confidence that is a central premise of the Sixth Amendment trial right.”
Thus, Kennedy wrote, the Sixth Amendment supersedes the federal evidence rule.  Trial courts should consider juror testimony that “one or more jurors made statements exhibiting overt racial bias that cast serious doubt on the fairness and impartiality of the jury’s deliberations and resulting verdict.” The trial judge would then have “substantial discretion” to consider whether to order a new trial.
Kennedy noted that a number of states allow juror testimony about racism, and the federal courts of appeals have split on the issue. Though there are “17 jurisdictions that have recognized a racial-bias exception—some for over half a century,” he noted, there have been “no signs of an increase in juror harassment or a loss of juror willingness to engage in searching and candid deliberations.”
An amicus brief filed by the Center on the Administration of Criminal Law at New York University School of Law detailed a study of those jurisdictions. The results suggest that allegations of racism in deliberations are relatively rare—but that when they are made, trial courts take them seriously, often ordering a new trial as a result. “[T]his experience demonstrates that consideration of racial bias does not unduly consume or impair the administration of trials, but that the rule serves an important function in rooting out racial bias,” the brief argues.
Justice Thomas wrote a solo dissent to suggest that Peña-Rodriguez should lose because the “original understanding” of the Sixth Amendment didn’t allow such juror testimony. (My colleague Ken Jost expertly takes down this uncommonly silly argument.)
In the principal dissent, Alito ignored the evidence cited by Kennedy and by the Center, and treated Peña-Rodriguez’s claim as if it were a completely novel and highly threatening innovation in trial practice. “[T]he Court not only pries open the [jury-room] door; it rules that respecting the privacy of the jury room, as our legal system has done for centuries, violates the Constitution.” In fact, the legal system’s “respect” for juror privacy is and has long been distinctly partial. In addition to testifying about jury tampering, jurors in some states have long been able to testify about drug and alcohol use, threats of violence inside the jury room, and even the use of a coin toss to decide a case.
Alito, however, suggested that there is something particularly perilous about posing questions about racism. During oral argument he seemed to suggest that this was another example of political correctness run wild:  “What would happen if one of the jurors has the sensibility of a lot of current college students, and thinks that ...  something that's said in the jury room that falls into one of those categories was a  ... racial comment?”
This concern is, in fact, the reverse of Kennedy’s. The majority writes that because racism is so pervasive and serious a concern, it must be addressed; Alito suggested instead that racism is a kind of endless preoccupation that should be ignored.
I can’t for the life of me figure out how Roberts, as the author of Buck, could join Alito’s opinion in Peña-Rodriguez. Both cases concern explicit racism in official action; while it is sitting, the jury is just as much a part of the state as is the trial court, and thus should be free of racial bias.
The only difference I can see is that in Buck the racism was public, while in Peña-Rodriguez it took place behind closed doors.  That seems a fragile distinction.



ARTICLE
The sleeping giant of classical liberalism is awaking with a start, as if beset on all sides. Its most powerful foe is presently the illiberal right, due to their waxing power. Thus the Niskanen Center met Donald Trump’s rise with a new effort to revitalize liberalism rather than assuming its primacy, a project inspired by a liberal icon’s words.
“If old truths are to retain their hold on men’s minds, they must be restated in the language and concepts of successive generations,” Friedrich Hayek wrote. “What at one time are their most effective expressions gradually become so worn with use that they cease to carry a definite meaning. The underlying ideas may be as valid as ever, but the words, even when they refer to problems that are still with us, no longer convey the same conviction; the arguments do not move in a context familiar to us; and they rarely give us direct answers to the questions we are asking.”
Alas, liberalism is threatened from other directions, too. On college campuses, where members of successive generations are acculturated, old liberal truths are as vital as ever. But they have never been unanimously embraced, and today’s most potent challenges include a faction that seeks to limit debate on subjects as varied as race, gender, sexual assault, war, same sex marriage, divestment from Israel, and whether administrators or students ought to shape norms surrounding Halloween costumes. At times, these conflicts go beyond mere peaceful protests of speakers alleged to be racist, sexist, imperialist, or otherwise wrongheaded or insensitive, and involve disinviting, shouting down,  or even or violently attacking speakers.
In response, there is a new effort, undertaken largely by people who are alarmed by illiberalism on the political right, to turn some of their attention to illiberalism on campus, as if heeding Hayek’s advice to revitalize old truths for a new generation.
An incident at Middlebury College appears to have been particularly galvanizing.
Days after protesters shouted down social scientist Charles Murray, insisting that the man who wrote The Bell Curve, a book that posited a genetic explanation for measured gaps in IQ differences between racial groups, should not be permitted to speak on campus––then mobbed him as he tried to leave Middlebury, injuring a professor walking alongside him––two of America’s most prominent public intellectuals, leftist philosopher Cornel West and conservative legal scholar Robert P. George, are allying to tout the value of an unencumbered public discourse.
Best to begin with their most important sentence.
“All of us should be willing—even eager—to engage with anyone who is prepared to do business in the currency of truth-seeking discourse by offering reasons, marshaling evidence, and making arguments,” the men declared in a public statement.
That standard neatly sidesteps the tricky troll problem.
Beyond trolls, the men give little wiggle room, insisting that neither matters of great import nor the fraught subject of identity is exempt.  “The more important the subject under discussion, the more willing we should be to listen and engage,” they insist, “especially if the person with whom we are in conversation will challenge our deeply held—even our most cherished and identity-forming—beliefs.”
Counseling respective engagement even with those “perspectives that we find shocking or scandalous,” and invoking “the virtues of intellectual humility, openness of mind, and, above all, love of truth,” they lament “all-too-common efforts” by people “to try to immunize from criticism opinions that happen to be dominant in their particular communities.” And while they nod toward the right to peaceful protest, rightfully calling it “sacrosanct,” they urge that “before exercising that right, each of us should ask: Might it not be better to listen respectfully and try to learn from a speaker with whom I disagree? Might it not better serve the cause of truth-seeking to engage the speaker in frank civil discussion?”
That ethos “protects us against dogmatism and groupthink,” they note, “both of which are toxic to the health of academic communities and to the functioning of democracies.”
Their full statement can be seen here––as can its growing list of prominent, ideologically diverse signatories from institutions of higher education across the country.
If efforts to revitalize these values succeed among college students, the most immediate losers will be campus illiberals, many of whom reside on the political left. Later, converts to liberalism will prove potent adversaries of the illiberal right, rather than figuring out too late that illiberal actions, whether perpetrated by the right or left, tend to generate equal and opposite illiberal reactions from the other side.
Many of the best in politics and academia are now awakening to the need to reassert liberal convictions with passion. The falcon can again hear the falconer. The center can hold.



ARTICLE
The Department of Justice announced that four people, including two officers of the Russian Federal Security Service, have been indicted in connection with the hacking of at least 500 million Yahoo accounts in 2014. House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes told reporters he hasn’t seen evidence to support President Trump’s allegations that former President Obama wiretapped Trump Tower. Nunes also said that FBI Director James Comey will testify at a committee hearing next week on the investigation into Russia’s alleged interference in the 2016 presidential election. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen announced that the Fed will raise interest rates for the third time since 2008. Trump will hold a rally in Nashville at 6:30 p.m. ET.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.
Maddow’s Gift to Trump: The MSNBC host hyped up the reveal of Donald Trump’s 2005 tax returns on Tuesday night, but the documents simply showed Trump made a lot of money and paid his taxes that year. (Jay Yarow, CNBC)
Prepping for 2020: President Trump’s rally in Nashville on Wednesday will be funded by his presidential campaign, rather than the White House. It’s an unprecedented move for a president, and one that could give him a head start on his reelection campaign. (Jeremy Diamond and Jeff Zeleny, CNN)
Feeling Paranoid: Politico reports that White House aides have begun using encrypted messaging and monitoring one another on social media amid escalating distrust within the administration. (Alex Isenstadt and Kenneth P. Vogel)
By Populist Demand: Donald Trump’s populist allies are pressuring the president to abandon House Speaker Paul Ryan’s health-care bill, which they argue, “would betray his working-class constituents.” Will he do it? (Abigail Tracy, Vanity Fair)
Welcome to Los Ebanos: The small Texas city along the U.S.-Mexico border appears to be a “prime target” for the Trump administration’s plans to build a border wall. This is how one local family feels about the possibility of their land being seized and used for the project. (Melissa del Bosque, Texas Observer)
 
What Did the CBO Say?: These five charts show the potential impact of the Republicans’ new health-care plan, based on the Congressional Budget Office’s projections. (Danielle Kurtzleben, NPR)
In the week leading up to Super Bowl 51, we asked you to imagine that Capitol Hill had a football team—and suggest potential team names. Since this week marks the beginning of March Madness, we want to know: If you had to pick a lawmaker to coach your team and take it to the Final Four, who would you pick—and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Updated March 15 at 3:31 p.m.
When is a mine-safety agency not really a mine-safety agency? Soon, if a bill under consideration in the West Virginia Legislature passes. The proposal would prevent state regulators from writing policies, downgrading their work to drafting suggested guidelines; strip them of the ability to issue citations and fines; and demote safety inspections to offering “safety compliance assistance.”
Ken Ward of the Charleston Gazette-Mail, an expert reporter who’s set the standard on the mining beat for years, writes:

Those and other significant changes in a new industry-backed bill would produce a wholesale elimination of most enforcement of longstanding laws and rules put in place over many years — as a result of hundreds of deaths — to protect the health and safety of West Virginia’s coal miners.

Opponents are furious about the proposed changes but also fearful that backers of the bill could easily have the votes to push through any language they want. Longtime mine safety experts and advocates are shocked at the breadth of the attack on current authorities of the state Office of Miners’ Health, Safety and Training and the Board of Coal Mine Health and Safety.

Ward reports that rumors of an industry-backed bill along these lines have been circulating in Charleston since early February. The bill was introduced by Republican Senator Randy Smith, who is himself a safety manager for a mining company. Smith told the Gazette-Mail that he doesn’t really support taking away state enforcement power, even though it’s in the draft of the bill. Chris Hamilton, senior vice president at the West Virginia Coal Association wrote in an email, “We prefer the bill to be modified to allow for a balance of enforcement, technical support and mine emergency preparedness functions  as oppose to mine inspectors being laid off.”
The bill is unclear in places, but it seems to shift responsibility for safety away from mining companies in two directions. First, individuals at mines would become the focus for penalties, rather than companies overall. Yet major disasters in West Virginia coal mines have often been ascribed to systemic mistakes made by corporations, and not to the actions of individuals. The Upper Big Branch explosion that killed 29 miners in 2010, occurred at a mine owned by Massey Energy. An independent commission convened by the governor noted that the company had a long record of violating safety laws. (Its CEO, Don Blankenship, was sentenced last year to a year in prison for his role in the safety issues.)
Secondly, the bill would defer safety-enforcement to the federal government, on the grounds that state rules are duplicative of federal safety regulations. Yet as Ward points out, the Upper Big Branch panel recommended tighter state standards. And moreover, President Trump has promised to roll back regulations on mining so as to jump-start the industry—meaning that the landscape could soon see not duplicative regulation but no meaningful oversight on either the state or federal level.
SB 582 is a dramatic illustration of changes in the coal industry, and they way are squeezing coal miners from both sides. Miners have long had to fight for safety and wages, a situation in which they waged war—mostly figurative, but sometimes literal—against coal companies, demanding better treatment. In 1974, Fred Harris wrote for The Atlantic that Duke Energy was “burning up people to make electricity” in Harlan County, Kentucky. Harris went to Harlan County report on a strike by workers there who were demanding better safety measures as well as improved benefits and pay. (The same strike was the subject of Harlan County, USA, an Oscar-winning 1976 documentary.) The union ultimately triumphed in that case, and in others, where miners were the frontline of demanding better safety measures.
But things have changed over the last 40 years. The coal industry is in deep trouble, with both prices and production in steep decline. Rising concern about climate change has led to somewhat stricter regulations governing the coal industry.  Meanwhile, and not coincidentally, the clout of labor groups like the United Mine Workers of America has been diminished. Where workers were once concerned that mining companies were out to deprive them of their fair wages, their primary concern now is whether the industry will survive, or whether it will perish—taking their livelihood with it. That has pushed miners toward the companies. Groups like Friends of Coal, a multistate group that rallies for the industry, seeks to unite miners and companies around fighting against stricter regulation.
As a result, the political ground has shifted, too. Where politicians might have been forced in the past to choose between standing with coal companies or standing with miners, now they can push for rolling back regulations on the coal industry, which pleases coal companies, while arguing that looser regulations are essential to making the industry competitive again. West Virginia politicians of both parties still push for shoring up pensions for miners, for example, but the emphasis on matters like black lung has receded as the industry’s existence comes into question.
This is effectively the playbook that Donald Trump employed in the 2016 election. He argued that President Obama was conducting a war on coal, and that Hillary Clinton would continue it. (He was helped by a boneheaded gaffe by Clinton, who, in the midst of boosting her job-retraining plan for unemployed miners, said she would “to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business.”) Trump was rewarded with votes in coal country. He won both Kentucky and West Virginia. In West Virginia, he held Clinton to barely a quarter of the vote, carrying every county in what was very recently one of the country’s most solidly Democratic states.
The UMW has come out against SB 582. Its health and safety director told Ward, “It completely guts the state law. You’re taking back decades of laws.” But since miners have joined with coal companies to fight against environmental regulations, it’s harder for them to split effectively when the industry also pushes for laxer safety regulations. In 2016, the UMW agreed to support a bill that reduced mine-safety teams, cut fines for failing to report safety violations, and made it easier to challenge citations, but only because they saw it as a way to head off a more sweeping rollback of safety regulations.
Removing safety regulations would likely help the coal industry—at least insofar as it removes a burden on coal companies in the short term. For miners, however, any rollback is likely be a much rawer deal. Demand for coal is plummeting, due in part to the rise of the American shale-gas industry, and many experts see Trump’s promise to bring back coal as impossible to keep. Meanwhile, two miners have already been killed in West Virginia this year, half of last year’s death toll in the state. Since 2004, 127 miners have been killed in the state, almost double the toll in Kentucky, the second most lethal place for miners. Better safety regulations might have saved some of those lives. But rolling back existing regulations won’t do much to save jobs of today’s miners.



ARTICLE
At a time when President Donald Trump is working to dismantle former President Barack Obama’s environmental legacy, more than a dozen House Republicans are calling for action to confront the threat of a changing climate.
Seventeen Republican lawmakers, including Elise Stefanik of New York, Carlos Curbelo of Florida, Mark Sanford of South Carolina, Mia Love of Utah, Don Bacon of Nebraska, and Ryan Costello of Pennsylvania, introduced a resolution on Wednesday that urges the House of Representatives to “address the causes and effects” of climate change,  according to a press release sent out by Costello’s office.
The resolution, which revives a call to action endorsed by nearly a dozen House Republicans in 2015, describes environmental protection as a “conservative principle.” And it warns that “if left unaddressed, the consequences of a changing climate have the potential to adversely impact all Americans.”
“This is an issue where there really is consensus within the scientific community,” Sanford said in an interview. “There’s a larger debate on what to do about it, and that’s a much more complex debate, but it’s like with Alcoholics Anonymous, if you don’t even recognize the fact that you have a problem, you’re never going to address the problem.”
Representative Brian Mast of Florida, one of the signers of the resolution, said in an interview that he thinks “it’s important that we take climate change very, very seriously because the threats that are posed by that are very serious.” “I’m just not a person that believes we should be turning a blind eye to it,” he said.
The resolution is evidence that at least some congressional Republicans are willing to label climate change a threat despite the fact that President Trump once called global warming “a hoax.” Still, a call to action from a relatively small number of House Republicans won’t necessarily translate into any kind of significant legislation to address global warming. The Republican Party has a track record of rejecting climate-science in recent years, and supporting an agenda that would increase the burning of fossil fuels while eliminating environmental regulation. That’s unlikely to fundamentally change anytime soon.
In interviews, several Republican lawmakers who signed the resolution indicated they would consider supporting legislation to incentivize the use of clean energy. A number of legislators sponsoring the resolution made clear, however, that they would not support a carbon tax. Some former Republican officials and conservative policy analysts have endorsed the idea of imposing a price on carbon emissions, but many elected officials—in a party where opposition to increased taxation has become something of a conservative litmus test—aren’t willing to do the same.
“I think that’s a non-starter for Republicans in Congress,” Costello said, adding that he does not support a carbon tax. “I am not there yet, no,” Bacon said when asked if he would back such a policy. “I have not been a supporter of carbon taxes in the past, and I don’t think I would be inclined to as we move into the future,” Representative Pat Meehan of Pennsylvania, another sponsor of the resolution, said in an interview.
In an apparent indication of just how difficult it is to get a group of congressional Republicans to endorse any kind of call for climate action, the resolution itself does not explicitly spell out and affirm the scientific consensus that greenhouse gases generated by human activity are the primary driver of global warming. Instead, the declaration notes only that human activity has “been found to have an impact” on a changing climate, and calls for “efforts to balance” that impact.
Bacon said in an interview that while “the evidence is clear that there has been an increase in temperature. It’s always a little bit debatable how much is the human element versus cyclical.” But, he said: “Regardless, you still want a cleaner planet,” adding that if Earth’s temperatures continue to rise, that would be “a serious threat.” “I don’t like the hyperventilating, and all the anger out there,” he said, noting that he hopes to “work across the aisle and find some middle ground on this.”
Republican voters have become less likely to believe that human activity is causing Earth’s temperatures to rise over the past decade and a half, despite the fact that the scientific consensus on man-made global warming has only grown more conclusive. Scientists warn that the world is already experiencing the detrimental impacts of global warming, from rising sea levels to volatile weather and more destructive wildfire seasons. As long as the issue remains politically polarizing, consensus over how to confront the problem, and the political will to push for legislative solutions, may not materialize in any meaningful way.
Even Republicans who acknowledge climate change may justify congressional inaction by arguing that efforts to curb emissions would harm the economy. Republican Senator John Cornyn wrote in National Review in 2015: “Yes, our climate is changing over time and, yes, humans have played some part in that change,” but “new burdensome regulations would hinder our economy.” The resolution itself notes that “any efforts to mitigate the risks of, prepare for, or otherwise address our changing climate and its effects should not constrain the United States economy.”
“We are way past the point where we can be rewarding people purely for empty statements,” said Ben Schreiber, a senior political strategist at the environmental organization Friends of the Earth. “Will Republicans who acknowledge the threat of climate change work to stop rollbacks of policies that tackle rising emissions, stand up to climate deniers in the administration, or challenge their party leaders who are attacking climate science? That's what really matters, and I don't see evidence of that so far.”
Still, even a symbolic call to action from Republican lawmakers could make the political debate over climate change less polarized. “If more GOP lawmakers start talking about climate change as a real and important risk, and start supporting climate action, that is likely to change the conversation within the GOP and of course, the country at large,” said Anthony Leiserowitz, the director of Yale University’s Program on Climate Change Communication. “In this case, political leadership matters. Cues from political elites such as public statements and stances of elected officials influence the views of the party rank and file.”
Many Americans, including Republican voters, are concerned about man-made global warming. Gallup recently found that a majority of Americans are worried about rising temperatures and believe human activity is responsible for climate change, with 84 percent of Democrats and 40 percent of Republicans reporting concern.
“That’s the unfortunate part, when things become politicized it makes it difficult to not take a hard-line on things,” Mast said. “But you chip away at it one at a time and that makes it better.” When I asked what he thinks about the fact that Trump has called global warming a “hoax,” he replied: “We all have different stances on this issue,” before adding:  “Should we be able to work with President Trump on this? Absolutely.”
A number of the Republicans who signed the resolution represent states or congressional districts that Hillary Clinton won in the presidential election. But several of the Republicans—including Representatives Brian Mast of Florida, Mia Love of Utah, and Don Bacon of Nebraska—represent districts and states that voted for Trump. The remaining GOP lawmakers who signed the resolution are, per the release: Ileana Ros-Lehtinen of Florida, Frank LoBiondo of New Jersey, John Faso, Tom Reed and John Katko of New York, Brian Fitzpatrick of Pennsylvania, Barbara Comstock of Virginia, Dave Reichert of Washington, and Mark Amodei of Nevada.
Costello is one of the Republican lawmakers who supported the climate resolution when it was first introduced in 2015, and later faced re-election and won. The GOP congressman, who represents a district Clinton carried in a state Trump won, said in an interview he supported the resolution then because he “thought it was the right thing to do.” But, he argued that “it’s not politically perilous to speak on these issues, and to be viewed as a clean energy Republican who recognizes that climate change is present, and that we should be looking to reduce carbon emissions.”
The question now for these congressional Republicans is what comes next, and to what extent they will break with, or back up, the current administration as it pursues its own agenda. Trump has already signed an executive order seeking to undo a water protection regulation enacted by the previous administration. And the administration is expected to initiate a rollback of greenhouse gas regulations that formed a key pillar of Obama’s climate agenda. If Trump follows through with his promise to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord, and does away with regulations without implementing any kind of alternative policy to curb emissions, calls to action in Congress may do little to reverse, or mitigate, the impacts of global warming on the planet.
Curbelo, who has been outspoken on climate change, conceded that “regrettably, there’s a legacy of polarization on this issue.” But, he said, “what we’re trying to do is break that status quo, and open a new chapter of evidenced-based, rational, bipartisan policy action,” describing the resolution as only a “first step.” When asked whether it will be harder to achieve consensus on climate solutions in the aftermath of the election, he replied: “I know we have very strong allies in the White House. Hopefully they can win the argument there, and we can win it here in the Congress.”  



ARTICLE
Texas Representatives Beto O’Rourke and Will Hurd are on day two of their cross-country road trip to Washington, D.C. O’Rourke is a Democrat and Hurd is a Republican, and on Tuesday, they decided to drive in a rented Chevy Impala from San Antonio to the nation’s capital after a snowstorm hit the Northeastern United States, leading to widespread flight cancellations.
In an apparent bid to generate feel-good headlines, O’Rourke and Hurd are livestreaming the roughly 1,600 mile trip on Facebook in what they have called a “cross country town hall.” The pair stopped off for "for a brief siesta" last night, according to an aide for congressman Hurd, and are on track to arrive in D.C. later in the day on Wednesday around 5 PM Eastern.
Apart from the potential for sleep deprivation, the road trip is a relatively low-risk, and low-cost, way for O’Rourke and Hurd to attempt to cast themselves as politicians working to advance civil, and productive, reach-across-the-aisle dialogue. Their conversation has touched on everything from border security to the Republican healthcare plan, and throughout the broadcast, the Texas Representatives have stressed that Democrats and Republicans can get along.
“We used the opportunity of the inclement weather on the East Coast to take the opportunity for a Republican and a Democrat to get in a car, spend a significant amount of time together, and talk about the issues,” Hurd said on the livestream Tuesday afternoon. “Not just the issues that divide us, but the issues that unite us too.”
In response to a viewer question about how he could spend so much time with his Republican colleague, O’Rourke said: “If we both just go to our corners … and refuse to engage, and just repeat the political talking points from our two parties, then nothing is going to change.” He added: “Everyone is better served if we can find some common ground.”
O’Rourke may be trying to raise his profile in anticipation of a long-shot bid for a Texas Senate seat. Last month, he told The Texas Tribune, “I really want to do this,” in an article focused on the prospect that he will challenge Republican Texas Senator Ted Cruz. A Facebook livestream won’t fundamentally change the electoral dynamics in Texas, but if O’Rourke hopes to run for a Senate seat in a red state it makes sense that he would try to to improve his standing with conservatives by positioning himself as the type of politician who approaches members of the opposite party with an open-mind.
Meanwhile, Hurd, who represents a district that runs along the U.S.-Mexico border, may feel the needs to distance himself from some members of his own party, including immigration hard-liners. “I do believe that we can secure our border,” he said at one point during the livestream on Tuesday, adding: “I believe we can enforce our laws, and fix a broken immigration system so that folks that have only known this country, there is a way to make them stay here legally.”
When the subject of Republican Representative Steve King came up, and his recent comments that “we can’t restore our civilization with somebody else’s babies,” Hurd was quick to say that the remarks are “not reflective of all conservatives.”  “There are plenty of conservatives that recognize the importance of immigration, and the contributions immigrants have made to our country, and that we are a country of immigrants,” he said.

The road trip livestream might appeal to some voters who feel alienated by the deep political divisions that have intensified in recent years in the United States. But that same partisan division may also diminish the effectiveness of the appeal. There may even be a cost for appealing to bipartisanship. Democrats in states that Trump won, like Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia, are under pressure from liberal activists to adopt a more oppositional stance toward President Trump, and may face primary challenges as a result.
The two Texas Representatives found some common ground Tuesday afternoon as they discussed foreign policy. Hurd said that NATO “has been the reason that there has been for seventy years, there’s been peace and prosperity in Europe,” adding that the alliance is “something we need to strengthen.” Not long after, O’Rourke chimed in. “I agree with much of what Will said on NATO. I do think we need to ensure that our allies in NATO are paying their fair share,” he said. “Let’s hope that everyone steps up to shoulder their part of the burden.”  (In that case, O’Rourke’s comments even echoed comments President Trump has made in the past suggesting that NATO members must pay a fair share.)
Of course, the pair doesn’t agree on everything, but even on politically polarizing subjects, they managed to strike a civil tone. “Climate change, it's happening, we're helping to cause it,” O’Rourke said, adding that U.S. leadership on the issue has never been more important. Hurd noted that “man is having an impact on the environment. I think, period,” though he added, “the question, I think the debate is, what do you do about it?”  
Trump promised on the campaign trail to withdraw the United States from the Paris international climate deal. But, Hurd said, “there's been debates about whether or not this administration will support pulling out of the Paris accords. A tweet is not policy, I always have to remind people. A lively debate is always good, but we need diplomatic tools in order to get China, and Russia, and India, some of the worst offenders, in line, and I think Secretary of State [Rex] Tillerson gets that and understands that.”
The conversation broadcast to anyone willing to tune in wasn’t restricted to politics and policy, but that dominated the hours-long livestream. “We haven’t used tax dollars to rent the car, put the gas in, or buy the Whataburger,” O’Rourke reassured viewers watching the livestream at one point, referring to a fast-food chain based in Texas. He added: "We are your public servants.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump is not a popular president.
His national approval rating sunk to 39 percent in the latest Gallup survey, a historically poor showing for a commander in chief in his first 100 days. Most other polls haven’t shown him near 50 percent since a brief period right around his inauguration in January.
Ordinarily, a dismal approval rating would cripple a president’s ability to pass major legislation through Congress. But Trump didn’t need national popularity —or even the most votes—to win the White House, and he may not need it to jawbone a large number of Republicans into backing a replacement for the Affordable Care Act.
Indeed, far from being a drag on the health-care bill that House GOP leaders unveiled last week, Trump is what’s keeping it afloat. And that’s because for the vast majority of Republican lawmakers in the House, Trump is popular where he needs to be: among Republican voters in Republican districts. “If you’re a member of Congress, national numbers are meaningless,” said Doug Heye, a Republican strategist and a former senior House leadership adviser. The president knows it, too. When, during a press conference last month, he dismissed the citizens who have jammed town-hall meetings in support of Obamacare, he seemed to dismiss the importance of Democratic and independent voters altogether. “They are not the Republican people that our representatives are representing,” Trump said.
Since the rise of the Tea Party and congressional redistricting that has pushed Republican constituencies further to the right, GOP lawmakers have feared primary challenges as much or more than tough general-election contests. And the possibility that Trump backers could engineer primary fights over health care has only heightened that vulnerability.
That dynamic explains why the conservatives who have opposed Speaker Paul Ryan’s proposal are running to the White House in the hopes that Trump will pressure the House leadership to accept changes to the bill—and then help sell it to their constituents. In the same vein, Ryan and his top lieutenants have leaned heavily on the president’s support for their legislation to bring wavering members aboard. “You have a president of the United States who will sign it into law and can campaign in members’ districts and put on a full charm offensive with Republicans,” Heye said. “We don’t know yet how powerful or effective that will be, but this is a space that Republicans have not had for years when they would fall short on votes.”
Democrats have tried to stoke opposition from rank-and-file Republicans on policy grounds, seizing on Monday’s findings from the Congressional Budget Office that poor and working-class voters in districts that Trump won will be hit hardest by the American Health Care Act. But despite the report, which one Republican senator described as an “eye-popper,” it’s not clear those arguments will win the day: Voters often cast ballots against their economic self-interest. “Trump’s popularity is going to be a bigger driver of congressional behavior than the district-by-district effects of the health-care proposal,” said Dave Wasserman, who analyzes House races for the Cook Political Report.
Yet while Trump’s enduring support within the GOP base is necessary for the health-care bill to pass, it is not the only factor at play. Working in the House leadership’s favor, for example, is the pressure Republicans feel to deliver on their individual campaign promises to repeal and replace Obamacare. The proposal faces more opposition in the Senate, where presidential popularity carries less weight among members elected to six-year terms. And in the House, the GOP margin at the beginning of 2017 was 23 seats—exactly the number of districts represented by Republicans that Hillary Clinton carried in November, according to Wasserman.
One of those belongs to Representative Darrell Issa in southern California, whose victory last fall was the narrowest of any member of Congress in the country. A former chairman of the House Oversight Committee, Issa has begun to distance himself from the president; he called for an independent investigator to examine the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia, and he has withheld support from the health-care bill so far. The Los Angeles Times on Tuesday reported a possible reason for Issa’s shift: His internal campaign polls, revealed in court documents, found that Trump’s favorability ratings in part of his district had slipped between October and December.
Another Republican in a Clinton district is Ileana Ros-Lehtinen of Florida, who announced her opposition to the AHCA in a tweet Tuesday, saying it would leave too many people in her district uninsured.
For Representative Rob Wittman of Virginia, the political considerations of the House health-care bill extend beyond his own district, which both he and Trump carried easily in November. Wittman is reportedly considering a run for Senate next year, and Trump is just as unpopular across Virginia as he is nationally, according to a Quinnipiac University poll that pegged the president’s approval rating there last month at 38 percent. Wittman is neither a conservative hardliner nor a moderate in the House GOP, but on Monday he came out against the leadership’s health-care bill. “It is clear that this bill is not consistent with the repeal-and-replace principles for which I stand,” he wrote on Facebook. “I do not think this bill will do what is necessary for the short- and long-term best interests of Virginians and therefore, I must oppose it.”
Wittman’s statement is indicative of the competing pressures Republicans are facing on the AHCA, and it’s the kind you’d expect to see more of with a president backed by less than 40 percent of the public. So far, Trump’s support among the GOP rank-and-file has withstood his national unpopularity, keeping alive a proposal that might have already collapsed in a less polarizing environment. Whether it’s enough to get the bill to his desk, however, is far from clear.



ARTICLE
What’s in Donald Trump’s tax returns?
The simple question has simmered under many of the president’s controversies, ranging from his personal wealth (Is he actually as rich as he claims? Does he pay taxes on it?) to his Russia policies (Does he owe money to Kremlin-linked banks?).
On the Tuesday night broadcast of her eponymous show, MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow revealed his most recent returns yet: the president’s 1040 form from 2005. The document shows him paying roughly $38 million in taxes on $150 million in income that year. She credited David Cay Johnston, a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and Daily Beast columnist, with obtaining the documents through an anonymous source in his mailbox.
Fueling the speculation was Trump’s break with tradition during the presidential campaign, when he became the first candidate since the Watergate era to not release his personal tax returns. A recent poll found that 74 percent of Americans want him to release them, but Trump frequently cited an ongoing IRS audit as his reason to not make them public. (The IRS said that’s not an impediment to their release.) Those evasions transformed the documents into something of a holy grail for journalists and his political opponents, shrouded in mystery and laden with sinister connotations.
The Trump administration fired back before Maddow’s show even aired. “You know you are desperate for ratings when you are willing to violate the law to push a story about two pages of tax returns from over a decade ago,” the White House said in a statement. “The dishonest media can continue to make this part of their agenda, while the President will focus on his, which includes tax reform that will benefit all Americans.”
The White House’s ire notwithstanding, the 2005 return isn’t really a bombshell. The two pages show tax information one would expect for someone with Trump’s wealth and businesses. He paid roughly $5.3 million under regular federal income tax guidelines—a pittance for someone with his reported fortune—but also paid $31 million in what’s known as the “alternative minimum tax,” bringing his federal payment that year to about 25 percent of his income.
Trump’s tax plan released during his campaign vowed to eliminate “the Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT) while providing the lowest tax rate since before World War II.” One thing the return does reveal is that, at least in 2005, that change might have lowered Trump’s effective tax rate from 25 percent to just 4 percent.
The Wall Street Journal previously reported that Trump granted a conservation easement in 2005 that could have wiped out as much as $39.1 million in taxable income—a step likely timed to offset gains that year. The form released on Tuesday shows more than $103 million in deductible losses, perhaps including the $14.6 million portion of that easement that could have been deducted that year, or losses reported on his 1995 forms and carried forward. It also shows that Trump checked the box for $3 of his taxes to be funneled into the presidential election campaign fund—in a year when fewer than one in 10 filers did the same.
The biggest questions around Trump’s taxes—the sources of his income, the nature of his investments, and the deductions he’s claimed among them—aren’t answered on these two sheets of paper released on Tuesday night. If answers to those questions exist in Trump’s tax returns, they’re spelled out on the schedules, forms, and supplemental materials that would have been filed along with the two pages released on Tuesday. And unless someone chooses to mail the rest of those materials to a journalist like Johnston, or Trump decides or is compelled to release them on his own, those questions will persist.



ARTICLE
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer downplayed the Congressional Budget Office’s analysis of the new House Republican health-care plan, saying the CBO is “pretty good at dollars, not as good at people.” Vice President Mike Pence and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price met with lawmakers on Capitol Hill amid concerns over the Republican health-care plan. The Justice Department charged eight current and former U.S. Navy officials with corruption and other crimes in the years-long “Fat Leonard” bribery scandal. The Federal Reserve began a two-day policy meeting and is expected to raise federal interest rates at the end of the meeting on Wednesday. More than 5,400 flights were canceled, and many schools and public offices were closed on Tuesday as a major winter storm hit the Northeast.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

An Increase in Births: On Monday, the Congressional Budget Office released its analysis of the House Republican health-care plan, as well as a plan to “defund” Planned Parenthood. That plan, The Washington Post reports, could reduce Medicaid spending by $178 million in 2017, but the savings might be offset by “‘several thousand’ more births paid for under Medicaid.” (Sandhya Somashekhar)
Secretary Wayne Tracker: Bloomberg reports that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson allegedly used the email alias “Wayne Tracker” to discuss climate change during his tenure as Exxon Mobil’s CEO. The claim comes amid a legal probe into whether the company misled investors on climate change. (Erik Larson)
Too Specific?: The differences in data and advertising strategies used by Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in the presidential campaign might help explain why Clinton lost: “Like Trump, the Republican campaign's strategy was unpredictable and opportunistic” while Clinton’s “may have been too precise amid an unusual media climate against a non-traditional candidate.” (Sara Fischer and Kim Hart, Axios)
‘The Case for Leaks’: Wired spoke with John Kiriakou, a former CIA agent who served almost two years in prison for leaking information about Bush-era torture methods. Kiriakou shares his thoughts on Donald Trump, the recent leak of CIA documents, and why he believes whistleblowing is “essential.” (Emma Grey Ellis)
A ‘Bipartisan Road Trip’: This week’s snow storm forced two Texas representatives to make a 24-hour drive together from the Lone Star State back to Washington, D.C. “What makes the journey unusual,” Andrew Kragie writes, “is that one representative is a Republican and the other a Democrat.” (Houston Chronicle)
 
High Stakes: More than 30,000 people die from heroin and painkiller overdoses each year in the United States. View this map to see the portion of addiction-treatment medication that Medicaid covers in each state. (Dylan Scott, STAT)
In the week leading up to Super Bowl 51, we asked you to imagine that Capitol Hill had a football team—and suggest potential team names. Since this week marks the beginning of March Madness, we want to know: If you had to pick a lawmaker to coach your team and take it to the Final Four, who would you pick—and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
The Trump administration has been at the center of a few wild claims in recent weeks, but there’s an explanation. To put it in the native patois of Trump’s signature form, Twitter:
lol jk!
For two straight days, Press Secretary Sean Spicer has played off comments made by President Trump and members of his team as simple jokes. Monday saw Kellyanne Conway quoted in The Record, a New Jersey newspaper, saying,  “What I can say is there are many ways to surveil each other. You can surveil someone through their phones, certainly through their television sets—any number of ways.” She added, in the line that launched a thousand memes, that there are “microwaves that turn into cameras.” During Tuesday’s press briefing, Spicer conceded that your Maytag is “not a sound way of surveilling someone” and insisted that she was speaking “in jest.”
If she was joking, she apparently made no indication of it to reporter Mike Kelly, who clearly took her seriously. “Conway did not offer any evidence to back up her claim,” Kelly wrote solemnly.
Spicer played the comedy card on Monday too, during a typically surreal press briefing. Reporters were curious about the White House’s stance on unemployment numbers, which he and his team derided as fake when he was a candidate yet celebrated as real now that he was in office.
“I guess the question is, when can we trust the president when he says something is phony and when he says it’s real?” wondered NBC’s Peter Alexander. Spicer said Trump can be trusted. “How can we believe that [the employment report] is real when you just told us that it was phony then, but now it’s real?” Alexander replied.
After skirmishing for a few minutes, Spicer concluded that the press, and the people, should take the president’s statements seriously—“if he’s not joking, of course.”
This is a nifty piece of rhetoric. How is anyone to know whether Trump is joking? As Philip Bump noted after Monday’s exchange, that’s very difficult to tell. Trump doesn’t really tell jokes in any sort of traditional sense. At the Al Smith Dinner in October, during which candidates typically offer good-natured ribbing of each other, Hillary Clinton delivered a fairly standard spiel. Trump, by contrast, drew boos and stunned silence for his routine, which wasn’t really a series of jokes so much as a series of insults.
Trump has tried to claim inflammatory claims were just jokes before. In August, he called Barack Obama the “founder” of ISIS. It was a weird sort of claim, in that Trump almost certainly didn’t literally mean that Obama had founded ISIS (although given Trump’s tendency to pal around with Alex Jones, one can never be too sure). Instead, he seemed to mean that Obama’s policies had fostered ISIS. A debatable assertion, to be sure, but not an insane one. Yet the following day he went on Hugh Hewitt’s radio show and insisted, “No, I meant he’s the founder of ISIS. I do.” Finally, later, he claimed he had been “sarcastic” all along. That’s not how sarcasm works, and the claim didn’t make sense given his comments on Hewitt’s show. Trump also pleaded sarcasm after getting up at a press conference and encouraging Russia to hack Hillary Clinton’s State Department emails.
This is a maneuver familiar to anyone who attended junior high school: When you screw up, just claim you were kidding and that everyone else missed the joke.
Even if you were to take Trump’s claim that he was joking seriously (so to speak), it would be nearly impossible to tell when he is and when he isn’t, since he speaks with an unusually consistent tone and because, as my colleague Alex Wagner and Chuck Todd have observed, Trump almost never really laughs.
If you have a joke, however, there must be a butt for that joke. And in these cases, it is typically the press. In Act I, Conway made her “microwave” remarks, which every context clue would suggest were simply a silly gaffe, weird flight of fancy (based, perhaps, on WikiLeaks dump of CIA documents last week). In Act II, reporters, correctly sizing Conway’s comments up as ridiculous but overplaying their significance, spent the next 24 hours or so reporting, analyzing, aggregating, and fact-checking them. In Act III, Sean Spicer wrote the whole thing off as just a big joke—thus making the media look immensely silly for having chased after a shiny bauble for a day.
There’s an ongoing debate about whether the Trump team is comprised of bumbling fools, unable to get their stories straight, or Machiavellian geniuses, constantly distracting the press from the real story. It’s a false dichotomy, for reasons that become clear in this case. As a rebuttal tactic, the “just kidding!” line is not especially sophisticated; indeed, it’s almost certainly born of desperation. But it serves its purpose of ridiculing the media here, especially within the longer narrative of Trump’s tension with reporters, and given his supporters’ deep skepticism of the press.
This is, however, pernicious. The emerging pattern is that Trump (or an aide) speaks without really considering the effects of a statement, and then decides well after the fact whether the statement was a joke or serious. Such a paradigm makes diplomacy nearly impossible. If Obama’s failed “red line” was deleterious to American interests, how much worse is it when every statement is potentially subject to ex post facto relegation to joke status? The same problem naturally applies to domestic political discourse. If citizens aren’t sure at any given time whether the president is kidding or not, it’s impossible to set up factual boundaries or make empirical conclusions. Which might be exactly the point.



ARTICLE
Breitbart News has been, and may forever be, at war with House Speaker Paul Ryan.
Ryan has been a favorite target at Breitbart for years. Current White House chief strategist and former Breitbart chairman Steve Bannon has made little secret of his disdain for Ryan. In December 2015, Bannon reportedly said in an email to Matthew Boyle, the site’s Washington political editor, that his “long game” was for Ryan to be “gone by spring.”
That same month, Bannon co-authored a piece with Julia Hahn—also now working in the White House—that did not pull any punches: “Paul Ryan’s first major legislative achievement is a total and complete sell-out of the American people masquerading as an appropriations bill.” Breitbart continued to bait Ryan throughout the campaign. In October, Hahn wrote a story accusing Ryan of supporting Hillary Clinton, writing that the two shared a “progressive, globalist worldview.” The art for the story was Ryan’s face superimposed over the Clinton campaign logo.
The latest salvo came on Monday night, as Boyle published audio from an October conference call with House Republicans in which Ryan distanced himself from Trump after the leak of the Access Hollywood tape. Though Ryan’s comments were reported at the time, the release of the audio recording—“I am not going to defend Donald Trump—not now, not in the future"—revived a story that had been buried by the two men’s uneasy rapprochement since then.
The timing of the leak spoke just as loudly. Breitbart is positioning itself as the loudest voice on the right against the new American Health Care Act (AHCA), the House Republicans’ health-care bill, which the White House is backing. The publication of Boyle’s story on Monday instantly sparked speculation about what it might indicate about Bannon’s, or Trump’s, level of support for the bill. Will they abandon it if it looks doomed to fail, and leave Ryan holding the bag?
“Breitbart is obviously attempting to savage Ryan in the way they always have--it's what their base expects now,” said former Breitbart writer Ben Shapiro, who left the site in protest last year. “But to imagine that they're doing all of this against Bannon's wishes strains credulity.”
“There’s a lot of general philosophical animus towards Ryan” at Breitbart, said one current Breitbart staffer. “By making it their lead [story] and everything else and going after Ryan right now with our readers, it’s interesting. It feels like Matt [Boyle] to me, it doesn’t feel like Bannon at all.”
“Definitely no concerted effort but yes Boyle doesn't like [Ryan],” said one friend of Boyle’s, who noted that Boyle leads the site’s politics coverage.
Bannon didn’t return requests for comment; nor did Boyle. The last time Boyle took aim at an ally of the president was in a recent story about White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, blaming Priebus for a litany of the administration’s problems, including his failure to purge the government of Obama holdovers. That story didn’t go over particularly well with his former boss, who told me the piece was “absurd” and reportedly excoriated Boyle in private for it. At the time, Bannon and Priebus were executing a full-court press effort to tamp down rumors that they were clashing within the White House.
Breitbart’s story on Monday wasn’t the first time the site had taken aim at Ryan over AHCA, which it has dubbed “RyanCare” or “Obamacare 2.0.” It has published a flurry of stories slamming Ryan for the bill. Other establishment types have sustained collateral damage in the process. Monday night’s story included a swipe at White House press secretary Sean Spicer, a close Priebus ally, who “is working internally as hard as he can to help Ryan on this front regardless of the impact on Trump along with a handful of other White House aides who came from the Republican National Committee and are not Trump loyalists,” Boyle reported.
The cascade of anti-AHCA, anti-Ryan stories came after a short period in which the site offered favorable coverage of Priebus allies. It published, for example, a glowing profile of deputy chief of staff Katie Walsh. But the AHCA changed things. “We are Breitbart,” Boyle wrote in an internal slack message obtained by Business Insider last week. “This is war. There are no sacred cows in war.”
Bannon left Breitbart when he joined the Trump campaign in August, and has no official relationship with it now. Ethics rules prohibit him from participating in the running of the company while he works in the White House. Bannon resigned from the site in a phone call, Breitbart CEO Larry Solov told the standing committee of the Senate Press Gallery while trying to obtain press credentials for Breitbart last month.
But his spirit and ethos clearly lives on there, even as the man himself is a key figure in a White House that publicly supports the health-care initiative.
“Bannon hates Ryan, it would not shock me if Bannon would be happy if Ryan got primaried or beaten,” the current Breitbart staffer said. “But Bannon’s practical and wants to get the agenda through.”




ARTICLE
On Monday, The Washington Post reported that Russell Moore—the leader of the Southern Baptist Convention’s political arm—might lose his job. The denomination’s executive committee had asked Moore for a private meeting to discuss an unfolding controversy: More than 100 churches are considering cutting off funding from the Convention, according to the Post, and the influential Prestonwood Baptist Church in Texas announced in February that it will temporarily withhold roughly $1 million from the Convention’s cooperative mission programs. The executive committee has recently begun an investigation into why these funds are being withheld.
The proximate cause for the backlash is the election: Moore was hypercritical of Donald Trump, while roughly 81 percent of white evangelicals—which includes a lot of Southern Baptists—ended up voting for the president. Page told the Post, “If the meeting doesn’t goes well, I’m fully prepared to ask [Moore] for a change in his status.”
While the controversy might seem like routine bureaucratic in-fighting in the country’s largest Protestant denomination, it is symbolic of deeper tensions. “The SBC is in the middle of a huge identity crisis,” said Dave Miller, the senior pastor of Southern Hills Baptist Church in Sioux City, Iowa, who edits the blog SBC Voices. “We don’t know who we are.”
The Russell Moore backlash saga has by now had a few waves. The Wall Street Journal reported criticism of Moore from a number of prominent evangelical leaders in December, suggesting “a potentially dramatic rebuke” ahead. Monday’s Post story was the latest update—for the first time in a few months, it really looked like Moore’s job might be on the line.
But once the Post story broke, the executive committee started walking things back. After Moore met with the committee, they put out a join statement, saying, “We deepened our friendship and developed mutual understanding on ways we believe will move us forward as a network of churches.” Roger “Sing” Oldham, the executive committee’s spokesman, claimed Page hadn’t really suggested he might ask Moore for his resignation: Page “received a call from a reporter on Sunday afternoon while he was returning from church,” Oldham said, and “he indicated [his] desire was to build bridges going forward. He said, ‘Well, nothing is off the table, but my goal is to build bridges in this private meeting.’”
Short of Moore deciding he was going to resign, it was unlikely he would have lost his job on Monday. The governing structure of the Southern Baptist Convention is complex: Only the board of trustees that specifically oversees Moore’s organization, the Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission, has the power to ask him to resign; Page couldn’t have fired Moore even if he wanted to. Ken Barbaric, who chairs the ERLC’s board of trustees, has openly praised Moore and emphasized his support for Moore’s work.
“When I was young, there was a culture … that’s been blown completely to pieces.”
The fight over Moore is not just about him, though. The Southern Baptist Convention is changing, and Moore represents the denomination’s shift in orientation. Moore has frequently spoken out against the old-guard religious right, which was led in the 1990s and ’00s in part by his predecessor at the ERLC, Richard Land. Moore has called on the denomination to divorce itself from Republican politics, especially as younger evangelicals show themselves to be more politically diverse, and has moved his organization in that direction. He is part of a new generation of pastors, who tend to be more Calvinist in orientation, who have taken over leadership roles.
“When I was young, there was a culture that the SBC had,” said Miller. “You could go into any SBC church, and there just was a way we did things. The preachers dressed alike, and we sang from the same hymnbook, and there was a culture that bound us together. That’s been blown completely to pieces.”
The denomination is also looking ahead to a future membership that will be less white and more black and brown: Some of the most vibrant, growing communities in the church include Hispanic evangelicals, for example. During his nearly four years in his position with the ERLC, Moore has focused on racial reconciliation as a key part of his job.
This may be why some in the SBC are pushing back, said Thabiti Anyabwile, a black pastor who leads the Anacostia River Church in Washington, D.C. “Things are motivated by either a desire to quiet conversations around race in the Convention, or are motivated in some places by a kind of racial animus in opposition to the positions Dr. Moore has taken.” A number of prominent African American pastors have warned that Moore’s dismissal would send a bad signal to their churches, which make up a minority of the SBC. “The vast majority of black Southern Baptist Convention church leaders and pastors … are not Trump-leaning, blindly loyal Republican voters,” wrote Dwight McKissic, the pastor at Cornerstone Baptist Church in Texas, in a post for SBC Voices. “Therein lies the potential for the outcome of this investigation to be tremendously and racially polarizing.”
“He has singlehandedly caused more division in Southern Baptist life than what we’ve seen in the last 30 years.”
But Moore’s detractors say that his comments before and during the election were equally polarizing. “I don’t think Dr. Moore’s comments about Donald Trump are what have [him] in hot water,” said Lewis Richerson, the pastor at Woodlawn Baptist Church in Baton Rouge. “He has singlehandedly caused more division in Southern Baptist life than what we’ve seen in the last 30 years over a tertiary issue: politics.”
Richerson said he believes Moore was condescending toward Southern Baptists who disagreed with him about Trump—something Moore apologized for after the election. But it was more than that: On issues from the Convention’s stance toward the Confederate flag to its recent decision to file a religious-liberty brief in favor of a mosque, he thinks Moore has been dismissive of those who think differently from him. And he sees Moore’s rhetoric on race as inflammatory. “I personally believe Barack Obama is solely responsible for increased tensions in race relations in America,” Richerson said. “In the same vein, Russ Moore is responsible for the current flare-up of negativity in race relations in Southern Baptist life.”
As the Convention works through its changing identity, the controversy over Moore’s job is likely to continue as a flashpoint. The leadership of the SBC may be trying to “build bridges” within the denomination. But many believe those bridges were already burned in 2016.



ARTICLE
The numbers are in, and they aren’t great for some of the sickest people in the country.
On Monday, the Congressional Budget Office scored the American Health Care Act, projecting that the new Republican health reform would make dramatic changes to the American health-care landscape. On the one hand, the law would cut the deficit by over $300 billion over 10 years and reduce average premiums after an initial two-year increase. On the other, the office projected that 24 million additional people would either lose health insurance or choose to go without it in the next decade.
Proportionally, the group of people that would see the most coverage losses under the AHCA is the population of people aged 50 and older. Although they’re more likely to have coverage in the first place, owing to more stable employment and a higher likelihood of public-insurance coverage, CBO estimates show the uninsured rate of people over 50 would skyrocket from around 13 percent currently to just under 30 percent by 2026. Included in that number are near-elderly adults with low incomes, a group that’s most likely among all non-Medicare enrollees to be sick, and one of the most expensive groups to cover in American health markets today.
Essentially, the AHCA works by abandoning a key goal of health reform altogether, and carving out some of the most expensive people to cover—while simply not offering them a more affordable coverage option. The CBO report suggests that while the Republican plan includes an age-adjusted tax credit to purchase health insurance and a fund for establishing reinsurance and cost-sharing programs for states’ riskiest potential enrollees, for low-income near-elderly people those cost-reductions would not be enough to offset the elimination of the Medicaid expansion, the establishment of per-capita caps on Medicaid, the loss of the ACA’s cost-and-income-based premium tax credits, and a new age-rating scheme that allows insurers to charge older people much more for coverage relative to younger people.  
Table 4 of the CBO report shows just how this dynamic plays out:
Currently, a 64 year old person who makes 175 percent of the federal poverty line ($26,500—about a $13 per hour wage in a full-time job) but doesn’t receive insurance from an employer or public coverage pays around $1,700 per year on average in the exchanges for a health-insurance plan. But that person’s actual premiums are much higher because of age, although Obamacare hides that amount with a premium tax credit that adjusts with cost. Obamacare’s cost-sharing subsidies paid directly to insurers increase the average actuarial value of their coverage to 87 percent—meaning the plan covers 87 percent of health-care costs. Even under Obamacare, that final amount of $1,700 is steep for a person who makes less than the $28,000 average cost of living in the United States.
Under the AHCA, the new age-rating structure actually increases the total premium, while substantially decreasing the amount of federal assistance for paying that premium. It also eliminates Obamacare’s cost-sharing reductions and allows exchange plans to cover fewer services, meaning the same person under AHCA rules will have to pay almost nine times as much for a health-insurance plan that pays for only about two-thirds of health-care services. Put a different way, this hypothetical person would have to pay 55 percent of their pre-tax income just to have inferior insurance. It’s pretty safe to say that nobody in this situation in real life would actually be able to afford health care.
The specific circumstances of 64-year-olds in the exchanges may seem unrepresentative, but note the table shows premium increases for 40-year-olds as well. After age 40, able-bodied people unlucky enough to not have employer coverage will face a steadily worsening affordability curve. Also, as the AHCA defunds enhanced federal rates for the Medicaid expansion and incentivizes states to reduce Medicaid coverage and services, more and more near-elderly people who are close to, or below, the poverty line will lose public-coverage guarantees, and will be forced to choose between paying half or more of their yearly incomes or going without.
As my colleague Olga Khazan notes, even near-elderly people who have employer-based coverage are at risk, because without an employer mandate and with exchange tax credits, some employers will drop their insurance plans. And of course the employers with the greatest incentive to drop coverage will be those with the most expensive employees to cover—including near-elderly low-wage workers.
Republicans behind the AHCA have known about these challenges for a while, and have done their best to spin them as positives. House Speaker Paul Ryan has defended the plan against criticism of the CBO’s estimates of coverage losses, saying that “this report confirms that the American Health Care Act will lower premiums and improve access to quality, affordable care. CBO also finds that this legislation will provide massive tax relief, dramatically reduce the deficit, and make the most fundamental entitlement reform in more than a generation.” Ryan acknowledges the concerns about coverage losses, but recasts the losses as an expansion of choices that reduces cost.
It’s tempting to buy Ryan’s optimistic spin, or temper it by writing off huge premium spikes as uncharacteristic bits of collateral damage for an otherwise useful plan to control costs.The truth of the CBO report, however, is that the entire mechanism of the AHCA’s savings and premium reductions for healthier and wealthier people lies in making coverage too expensive for older, sicker people with less money. Most of the budgetary savings come from cuts to Medicaid funding and the replacement of the Obamacare premium tax credit with a much less generous credit, both of which will lead to less coverage among this older population. And most of the out-of-pocket savings for people who can afford coverage by 2026 rely on expensive enrollees just disappearing from health-care markets. Attrition among near-elderly people with low incomes isn’t an ancillary effect of Republican policy here; rather it is the engine that makes the rest of the bill work.
The irony is that the mid-aughts health-reform momentum that gave the country the Affordable Care Act put the plight of near-elderly people at its center. For decades, researchers have noted that one of the key turning points in a person’s health-care experience is when they turn 65 and are guaranteed Medicare coverage. For many people, that age arrives as an oasis in a health-care desert. In 2004, almost a quarter of all people between 55 and 64 who made less than 200 percent of the federal poverty line were uninsured, a statistic that led Urban Institute and Kaiser Family Foundation researchers to reach the following conclusion 13 years ago:

Extending coverage to this group could be done either through providing access to Medicare, or creating a new group purchasing arrangement. Expanding Medicaid to even subgroups of the near elderly seems less feasible at this time given that the near elderly are a high-cost population and states are struggling to maintain their programs’ coverage in the face of unparalleled fiscal crises. Alternatively, tax credits for the purchase of non-group health insurance are unlikely to help many of the near elderly unless the value of the credit is substantially adjusted for age or health status.

Without employing some of the options outlined in that report—the Affordable Care Act focused on Medicaid expansion and an adjustable tax credit—the AHCA will likely increase mortality among near-elderly people. Researchers have found that people between 55 and 64 who are uninsured are significantly more likely to die than their insured peers. That much should be obvious, as 65 is a somewhat arbitrary age for health purposes, and often the advance of age-linked disorders comes earlier. The median age of several cancer diagnoses—especially for people of color—often comes in the near-elderly range, and heart disease, diabetes, and hypertension often first manifest themselves during this range. And as the opioid epidemic grips the country, the risk of death from overdose is increasingly rapidly among the near-elderly.
Again, those risks are not simply collateral damage or unintended consequences of the AHCA; they are the ultimate endpoint of all its constituent policies. Republicans could fix these consequences, but that might mean risking some of the more positive reports of effects on the budget and premiums, and in essence really creating the “Obamacare lite” kind of program so dreaded around the Capitol. And if whispers of Republican plans to raise the Medicare age or reform that program have any amount of truth to them, the AHCA could land as the first blow of a one-two punch. It would deeply weaken health-care coverage and health for near-elderly people even as future policies delay the promise of guaranteed care past the age of 65. The end result of that system would be—simply—more deaths.
Politically, the AHCA faces risks because it tends to negatively affect the kinds of people who voted for President Trump and the new Republican majorities in the first place: rural, older Americans with higher health costs and more health problems. But beyond the politics, if any American health reform should be judged on how much it betters the health of the sickest people and how much it lowers the costs of the most expensive people, the AHCA fails on just about all the merits.



ARTICLE
The Trump administration declared its war against facts early, and with panache, with Press Secretary Sean Spicer striding to a podium the day after the inauguration to lay out a series of patently untrue assertions, and Kellyanne Conway christening them “alternative facts” the following day.
The White House’s disdain for facts has become such a given that it was quickly invoked to explain the administration’s broadside against the Congressional Budget Office, which began days before CBO had even completed its analysis of the House’s Obamacare replacement plan. New York Times columnist David Leonhardt, for example, tweeted:

Independent sources of information that team Trump has tried to delegitimize:
- federal judges
- media
- intelligence agencies
- CBO
— David Leonhardt (@DLeonhardt) March 14, 2017
But the attempt to undermine CBO isn’t just about independent sources of information so much as independent conclusions. It represents a different war, or at least a different front, than the war on facts. It’s an assault on independent analysis.
CBO has long been an object of derision for partisans of both stripes who have quibbled with the methods the office has used to assess the cost of bills. In 2009, President Obama complained that the CBO was unwilling to credit the Democratic health plan with money the Democrats said the plan would save. Now-Speaker Paul Ryan, then the House budget chief, tried in 2014 to force CBO to change its methods to use “dynamic scoring,” taking into account projected macroeconomic effects of a bill. (For example, Republicans argued that tax cuts might reduce revenue up front, but would stimulate economic growth, thus producing greater revenue in the long term, a disputed claim.)
Some of the recent attacks are different in kind. Or, some are. Spicer told reporters, “If you’re looking at the CBO for accuracy, you’re looking in the wrong place”—a classic sort of gripe about results. But Mick Mulvaney, Trump’s head of the Office of Management and Budget, said, “I love the folks at the CBO, they work really hard. They do. Sometimes we ask them to do stuff that they're not capable of doing.” In other words, CBO isn’t just wrong on the details here; it’s structurally incapable of producing analysis of bills like the health-care proposal.
Newt Gingrich, a close Trump ally whose lack of an official position allows (or encourages) him to make more extreme statements, went further. “They should abolish the Congressional Budget Office. It is corrupt. It is dishonest. It was totally wrong on ObamaCare by huge, huge margins,” he told Fox News. “I don't trust a single word they have published and I don't believe them.”
These attacks are hard to take at face value. Tom Price, the secretary of health and human services, “strenuously” disputes CBO’s approach to the bill. The current director of the CBO was chosen after Republicans pushed out the prior chief, a Democratic appointee, and chose Keith Hall. Hall’s selection was strongly backed by the Republican budget chief in the House, who said, “Keith Hall will bring an impressive level of economic expertise and experience to the Congressional Budget Office … His vast understanding of economic and labor market policy will be invaluable to the work of CBO and the important roll it will continue to play as Congress seeks to enact policies that support a healthy and growing economy.” That budget chief? Tom Price.
The fact that Democrats and Republicans each took issue with the specific methods is, arguably, a positive sign—CBO was created to produce nonpartisan analysis, so it would stand to reason that both parties would find CBO’s scores less accommodating of political priorities at times. The push to discredit, rather than reform, CBO, is more worrisome. (It is not entirely new—The Wall Street Journal proposed abolishing CBO in 2014.)
As Peter Suderman has written, the CBO was created because Congress grew increasingly fed up with the executive branch holding a monopoly on analysis of big-ticket items during the 1960s and 1970s:

This was the essential problem that Congress was trying to solve: a powerful executive branch with incentives to offer conveniently misleading, overly rosy projections about the costs and budgetary impacts of major federal expenses like war and entitlements. Congressional frustration boiled over during the Nixon administration in a dispute over impoundment (which as Joyce explains was less about spending limits and more about which branch had the authority to enforce spending limits), and the Congressional Budget Office was born.

Presumably making America great again does not entail emulating the worst excesses of the Vietnam era or the Nixon administration. Yet this is what the Trump White House is pushing toward: A return to a situation where there is no independent, nonpartisan arbiter for budget bills, and the president’s analysis has to be taken as granted. Given the White House’s difficulty with truthfulness, this is a questionable proposition.
CBO is just one front in the war on analysis. Intelligence is another. Trump spent months disputing the consensus judgment of the U.S. intelligence community about Russia’s role in hacks related to the election. He infamously speculated the perpetrator could have been a “guy sitting on their bed who weighs 400 pounds.” He later tweeted, “Unless you catch ‘hackers’ in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking.” (Actual experts disputed this.) Trump later said he accepted the judgment, but has maintained a skepticism about intelligence conclusions. The result is the same: undermining the role of independent analysis within the government.
Other departments have been similarly undercut. The administration reportedly plans to cut the budget for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. Various Trump advisers spent months claiming the Bureau of Labor Statistics was untrustworthy. Trump’s fury that a federal judge could strike down his immigration executive order was similar: He believed he had, or ought to have, a monopoly on constitutional interpretation.
The immigration order is a good case study on the conflict between independent analysis and political imperatives, and the risk for Johnsonian and Nixonian abuses. After the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals struck down the administration’s first attempt at an order, the White House assigned the Departments of Justice and Homeland Security to ferret out evidence to back the conclusion, already reached without backing, that the seven countries from which Trump wanted to ban immigrants were particularly dangerous. So the agencies got to work. Their report, obtained by the Journal, “assesses that country of citizenship is unlikely to be a reliable indicator of potential terrorist activity,” just the opposite of what the White House sought. A senior administration official fumed: “The president asked for an intelligence assessment. This is not the intelligence assessment the president asked for.”
That response is, intentionally or not, quite revealing, showing how little regard the White House has for analysis that is not geared toward backing political positions. One needn’t go too far back in U.S. history to find an example of tragic results from a White House ordering up an intelligence assessment that matched its preconceived conclusions.
Does the fight against analysis matter any more than the disdain for facts? Both achieve the goal of muddying the waters, making the public question what reality is, and whether there even is such a thing. It’s true that, by and large, folks in bars in Ohio probably aren’t sitting around discussing the nuances of CBO’s scoring process. Yet one need look no further than the reaction to CBO’s estimate on Monday—with Republican members of Congress blanching, offering dire reactions, or simply running away—to see the the power that independent analysis has in discussion of policy among lawmakers. And given how bleak the CBO estimate was, it’s no wonder the Trump administration would rather not have to reckon with that.



ARTICLE
Last year, the Heritage Foundation, a conservative Washington, D.C., think tank, published a report titled “Patriotic Assimilation Is an Indispensable Condition in a Land of Immigrants.” It complained that “elites—in the government, the culture, and the academy—have led a push toward multiculturalism, which emphasizes group differences,” and ominously warned against “deterring national unity by requiring Americans to remain sorted into separate ethnic categories.”
Instead, it argued that Americans, regardless of their background, should unite in assimilating to the universal principles of equality, liberty, and limited government.
Since Representative Steve King has complained that political correctness causes people in the United States to “just walk on eggshells,” afraid to address things “that are really on their mind,” I trust he will forgive my bluntness in rendering a judgment about him: King is living proof that some Americans do fail to assimilate in this manner, even when their families have been in this country for several generations.
The Iowa representative finds himself at the center of controversy for tweeting that Geert Wilders, a Dutch politician, “understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can’t restore our civilization with somebody else’s babies.” His words seemed to imply that someone like Tiger Woods, born to parents of African and Asian descent, or comedian Aziz Ansari, the child of Muslims born in India, are less authentic members of our culture than babies born to parents of European ancestry who alone can “restore” Western civilization.
His assertion of group differences properly offended many.
In a followup interview on CNN, King was asked specifically about American culture and seemed to affirm a belief that white babies contribute more to it. At the beginning of the interview he appeared to back away from that assertion. But when pressed, he ultimately doubled down on the point. (It is possible that he isn’t a rigorous enough thinker to see the contradictions in his own words, in which case his failure can be attributed to one of his multiple viewpoints.)
Here’s a transcript from the beginning of the exchange:

Cuomo: If you want to apply that kind of thinking to America, it seems like a complete contradiction of what we're all about. This is the melting pot. We are known by those countries as the bastion of diversity. It's an unqualified strength for us. It sounds like you're trying to white cleanse our population and saying somebody else's babies. I think that means me, Congressman. I'm only second generation in this country. Who is somebody else's babies?King: Chris, we're a country here, that if you take a picture of what America looks like, you can do It in a football stadium or a basketball court and you see all different kinds of Americans there. We're pretty proud of that, the different looking Americans that are still Americans.
There's an American culture, American civilization. It's raised within these children in these American homes. That's one of the reasons why we require that the president of the United States be raised with an American experience. We've also aborted nearly 60 million babies in this country since 1973.
There's been this effort we're going to have to replace that void with somebody else's babies. That's the push to bring in much illegal immigration into America, living in enclaves, refusing to assimilate into the American culture and civilization. Some embrace it, yes. Many are two and three generations living in enclaves that are pushing back in resistance against assimilation. It's far worse in Europe than it is today here in the United States, but I want us to be looking at that, promoting the birth rate in America, restoring the rule of law, putting an end to illegal immigration and recognizing we need to be a country that's pulled together on similar values. That makes us stronger.Cuomo: That's the exact point. It seemed like you were doing the opposite, like you were trying to say someone else's babies means you're either white or you're not right. As you know, that is anathema to what America is all about. Can we get agreement on that?King: Well, actually, if you go down the road a few generations or maybe centuries with the intermarriage, I'd like to see an America that so homogenous that we look a lot the same from that perspective. I think there's far too much focus on race, especially in the last eight years. I want to see that put behind us. And I want to see us bonded together. I gave a speech on this on Saturday and half the liberals got up and left the room when I talked about unity—they're looking for hatred is the point, Chris.

To that point, it was ambiguous as to whether King supports intermarriage because he believes in individualism and equality—he did speak of being “proud” of diversity, citing “different looking Americans who are still Americans”—or because he believes white people will dilute less desirable racial traits in everyone else.
His confused interlocutor pressed him to find out more:

Cuomo: Hold on a second. Congressman, if you suggest that somebody else's babies shouldn't be welcome in a country, you seem inherently divisive. That's why I keep to seem doubling down on it. You say America has different faces, that's fine. You keep making this point that this country needs to be about white people raising their birth rate and not bringing in other people. That's exactly what America is not.King: Chris, I never have made that point. I've never said that. I've been characterized as saying that. I've had the blogs out there say I said that. I tell them go, back, watch the tape, listen to the language. Our language is precise. That's not out there. I did defend Western civilization, starting this summer at the Republican National Convention.

And when I said Western civilization, that launched people opposed to Western civilization. That's a big problem. If we have an element of Americans here that reject Western civilization, and that's a big element, that reject Western civilization, then what have we? This is an effort on the left, I think, to break down the American civilization and the American culture and turn it into something entirely different. I'm a champion for Western civilization and, yes, our English language is a big part of it.

It's a carrier of freedom. Wherever the English language has gone globally, freedom went with it. Science, technology has always lifted up the standard of living on average of everybody on the planet. I want more of that, not less. There are civilizations that produce very little, if any. This Western civilization is a superior civilization, and we want to share it with everybody.Cuomo: You're entitled to your opinion about all these things obviously. I want to go back at this one more time because it's that important. A Muslim American, an Italian American, A Christian American, Jewish American, you do realize that they are all equal, all the same thing. We don't need babies from one of those groups more than we need them from another of those groups. Do you agree with me?

King: Well I would say ...Cuomo: Why do you pause on a question like that, Congressman? It doesn't depend on any definition. You're either an American or not. Muslim American, Italian American, Irish, Scotch, German American which is what your roots are. Either those are all equal things or they are not. What is your answer?King: They contribute differently to our culture and civilization. There are moderate Muslims that are equal to in all these ...Cuomo: I said a Muslim American, people who have lived here who are assimilated. There are a lot of people teaching hatred in their families who are white, Irish, Italian, who are Muslim. A lot of people preach hate.

There's hate in a lot of different groups. I get you have Muslim extremism, that there's a concern in this country about it. But I asked you something else. These people are either all equal or they are not in your view. A Muslim American, an Italian American, German American like you and your blood, your roots. They are either all equal or they are not in your mind.

What is the answer?King: I'd say they're all created in the image of God and they're equal in his eyes. If they're citizens of the United States they're equal in the eyes of the law. Individuals will contribute differently, not equally to this civilization and society. Certain groups of people will do more from a productive side than other groups of people will. That's just a statistical fact.

For all the inconsistencies and dearth of clarity in King’s words, he is correct that different individuals will contribute differently, not equally, to the American project. I personally know multiple first-generation immigrants who contribute more than King, whose rhetoric has repeatedly betrayed lazy animus against those unlike himself. Though his family has been here for generations, he continues, at least some of the time, to parrot the Old World belief that ancestry determines destiny and that full membership in Western civilization depends on race and ethnicity.
Much of what’s gone wrong in U.S. history flowed from the Europeans who imported that prejudice.
But unlike the cultures where King’s ancestors were born, where ethnic conceptions of citizenship prevailed for so many generations, the United States is a place that declared in its founding document that all human beings are created equal and endowed with inalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Affirming those values, the best rather than the worst of what Western civilization has embedded in institutions, constitutes full patriotic assimilation in the United States.
Full stop.
Among those who’ve failed to assimilate over the years are millions of white Americans.
If mere birth to white parents conferred a special understanding of American values, King himself would grasp them with more clarity. Besides eschewing the idea that babies born of other races are destined to undermine Western or American civilization—an odd belief to square with a country born in a revolution against a British king and a 20th century wherein the greatest threats to both the Western and American projects came from an Austrian named Adolph Hitler and a Russian named Josef Stalin—King would have known better than to decorate his desk with a Confederate flag. That anti-American banner was flown by whites who preferred rebellion in defense of a slave state to the values of the Declaration.
He might also grasp how profoundly the white architects of Jim Crow set back Western civilization and how dramatically African Americans like Martin Luther King advanced it.
That isn’t to equate King with 1950s segregationists. The arc of white nationalism seems to bend toward marginally less damaging manifestations of prejudice. If King hasn’t properly educated himself as to the values of the Declaration and the Constitution, he has done better than bygone generations of European Americans whose failures to assimilate were orders of magnitude more profound.
Think of the Ku Klux Klan terrorists and their fellow travelers in lynching African Americans, who are estimated to have murdered more American citizens than al-Qaeda.
As Chris Rock observed, it is incorrect to sum up the struggle for Civil Rights or the election of the first black president by marveling that black people have made a lot of progress.
“To say that black people have made progress would be to say they deserve what happened to them before,” he said. “That’s not black progress. That’s white progress … There have been smart, educated, beautiful, polite black children for hundreds of years. The advantage that my children have is that my children are encountering the nicest white people that America has ever produced. Let’s hope America keeps producing nicer white people.” To keep progressing toward that end, Americans ought to encourage European Americans like King to keep assimilating until they fully embrace the Founding values that made this country’s birth exceptional.
His fellow conservatives have an important role to play.
That Heritage report from last year urged that a number of questions be asked of today’s political candidates, beginning with this one: “Why does the government need to divide Americans into demographic categories based on racialist thinking?”
One wonders how President Trump or Stephen Bannon would answer.
The remainder of the report makes clear that its authors regard racialist thinking as the province of the American left. King is a living rebuke to that too narrow assumption. As a member of the elite, with a perch in Congress and regular appearances on national TV, King regularly emphasizes group differences, undermines national unity by sorting people into ethnic categories, and indulges in a sort of racialist thinking that has grown in power on the right along with Trump.
Or as an article at white supremacist Richard Spencer’s alt-right website put it, “King is more /ourguy/ than Trump has ever been, but would he be saying these kinds of things without Trump? We can only hope these kinds of statements serve to embolden more of our people, as they see that people like themselves are in positions of power.”
The time has come for the folks on the right who’ve spent decades extolling color-blindness, while decrying identity politics and multiculturalism, to show themselves to have been in earnest—or to stay silent, like hypocrites or cowards. Silence abets men like King who would turn movement conservatism into a three-legged stool resting on tax cuts for the rich, opposition to abortion for the religious, and white nationalism for the subset of European Americans who remain unassimilated.
Thankfully, the unassimilated are a minority of whites. A moratorium on immigration from European countries with a strong alt-right, in hopes of giving European Americans the time and space they need for patriotic assimilation, would therefore be overkill.



ARTICLE
When the ACLU filed a class-action lawsuit against Missouri’s struggling public-defender system on Thursday, Michael Barrett wasn’t surprised.
“We've been jumping up and down trying to call attention to this matter for the last two years, telling the state, ‘This is coming, this is coming,’ although we didn't know precisely when it would come,” Barrett, the director of the Missouri State Public Defender Office, told me Friday. “It was inevitable, just given all the studies that have been done regarding our caseload and the limited number of lawyers the state gives us.”
The lawsuit, filed on behalf of five Missourians in the state’s criminal-justice system, accuses public defenders of failing to provide poor defendants with their constitutionally guaranteed right to legal counsel. The 53-page complaint depicts an overwhelmed system in which a too-small cadre of lawyers is burdened with too many cases and, as a result, too little time to properly defend their clients in court.
“For more than two decades, Defendants have failed to provide the resources required to adequately represent poor people accused of crimes in Missouri, leading to the actual and constructive denial of counsel for, and ineffective representation of, indigent defendants across the State,” the lawsuit claims.
Barrett echoed similar sentiments on the problems facing his office. “A lawyer can probably only handle 40, maybe 50 case at any one time,” he explained. “Our lawyers have three times that amount, and people are taking pleas because they're sitting in local jail waiting for their lawyer to get to them.” With so little time spent on each of their many clients, lawyers are often unable to conduct interviews, review evidence, or pursue avenues of investigation that could be crucial to their defense.
Under the Sixth Amendment, everyone who enters the American criminal-justice system has the right to adequate legal counsel. Two landmark decisions by the Warren Court in the 1960s gave force to that promise. First, the justices unanimously ruled in Gideon v. Wainwright that states must provide a lawyer if a defendant cannot afford one, effectively mandating the creation of modern public-defender systems. Four years later, in In re Gault, the Court held that juvenile defendants are entitled to the same due-process rights as adults, thereby imposing the same requirement on the juvenile-justice system.
But more than a half-century after the Warren Court’s revolution in criminal justice, the plaintiffs’ stories offer a window into how Missouri’s system falls short of that promise. A public defender told Shondel Church, one of the plaintiffs, he’d have to wait six months in jail before his lawyer could help him beat his felony theft charge. Church pled guilty to misdemeanor theft after three months instead. Brian Richman’s lawyer waived Richman’s right to appear before a judge with counsel for some hearings in a felony drug-charge case without consulting Richman first.
One of the most startling cases cited in the lawsuit is that of Randall Lee Dalton, who was charged with felony possession of a controlled substance after police raided the nursing home where he lived in January. Officers found a single pill of Lorazepam and arrested him for it, then discovered he had an outstanding warrant for writing a bad check and had failed to register as a sex offender in his county. (He was given a suspended sentence for misdemeanor sexual contact in 1994, according to the lawsuit.)
Dalton, who is described as physically disabled and mentally impaired, was then held on a $30,000 bond without seeing either a judge or his public defender, according to the lawsuit. He also did not have access to medication, nor did he meet his assigned public defender until he was brought into a courtroom for a bond hearing this month. He remains in jail while proceedings unfold as of the complaint’s filing.
The plaintiffs’ fleeting interactions with their own lawyers aren’t isolated incidents, according to the ACLU. “Public defenders [in Missouri] average just 8.7 hours on the most serious non-homicide felonies, amounting to less than 20 percent of the minimum time recommended by the American Bar Association,” the lawsuit said. “Overall, they are forced to devote fewer than the minimum hours recommended by the ABA in more than 97 percent of their cases.”
Nor are Missouri’s problems unparalleled across the country. When state legislators push for budget cuts, funding for programs that help impoverished defendants can be a more politically palatable target than public schools or state health-care systems. A similar class-action lawsuit is also underway in Louisiana, where declining traffic-fine revenues and a billion-dollar budget shortfall at the state legislature have hamstrung indigent-defense funding. Public defenders throughout Kentucky often take more than twice the caseloads recommended by the ABA. The district attorney for New Mexico’s Lea County asked the state supreme court to intervene in December after the state’s chief public defender ordered his lawyers to stop taking new cases there.
But even amid a nationwide crisis, Missouri stands out: The state ranks 49th out of 50 states in indigent-defense funding, Barrett said. Only neighboring Mississippi ranks lower. “Mississippi's excuse is, ‘we're the poorest state in the Union,’” he added. “I'm not quite sure what Missouri's excuse is, beyond that we're just not interested in this particular constitutional right—although we're quite fond of some of the other constitutional amendments.”
Even the U.S. Supreme Court has taken notice of the funding crisis for indigent defense, albeit only in passing. In Luis v. United States last year, the justices mulled whether federal agents could seize a defendant’s untainted financial assets if that seizure would prevent the defendant from hiring a lawyer of their choice. The justices sided with Sila Luis, who had $2 million in assets at issue, in a 5-3 decision.
Most of the decision focused on a legal balancing act between a defendant’s right to counsel and the state’s power to punish criminal acts—a battle ultimately won by the Sixth Amendment in this case. But Justice Stephen Breyer also raised a practical concern in his majority ruling. Seizing Luis’s assets would “render her indigent” and force her to rely upon “underpaid and overworked public defenders,” he noted. If the Court had accepted the federal government’s side in the case, Breyer surmised, it “would render less effective the basic right the Sixth Amendment seeks to protect.”
Breyer’s observation about the nation’s public-defender systems unnerved some of Breyer’s colleagues, especially when taken to its logical conclusion. “Given the large volume of defendants in the criminal justice system who rely on public representation,” Justice Kennedy wrote in his dissent, “it would be troubling to suggest that a defendant who might be represented by a public defender will receive inadequate representation.”
For Missouri, that suggestion appears to be a reality. The ACLU lawsuit describes a crisis for impoverished juvenile defendants, who are even less equipped to defend themselves in court. The lawsuit cites a 2015 Justice Department report on the St. Louis County Family Courts in which federal officials found routine violations of children’s rights in juvenile delinquency proceedings. Many of those violations sprung from the assignment of a single public defender to the county’s juvenile-court system, who took 394 cases in 2014 alone. And Missouri’s problems aren’t limited to St. Louis County. A 2013 report by the National Juvenile Defenders Council cited by the lawsuit found that 60 percent of state’s young defendants come before its courts without legal counsel.
Barrett said he’s tried reaching out to the governor and to state legislators to increase funding without success. Some of those attempts have been more dramatic than others. In one episode that received national attention, Barrett used a provision of the state’s indigent-defense law in an attempt to compel former Missouri Governor Jay Nixon, a Democrat and a trained lawyer, to represent a defendant last August. (A judge subsequently allowed Nixon to step aside.) His experience with Governor Eric Greitens, a Republican who replaced Nixon in November, hasn’t been much better, Barrett said.
“I've sent several letters to the new governor and multiple phone calls, none of which have been returned,” Barrett said. “I'm very interested in sitting down and trying to figure out a resolution to this, but I'm not getting a lot of interest reciprocated.” Greitens’s office did not respond to a request for comment.



ARTICLE
On Sunday, Iowa Congressman Steve King embarked on what was to be a multi-day revival of the Steve King Xenophobia Road Show, tweeting out support for the far-right anti-Islam Dutch politician Geert Wilders:

Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies. https://t.co/4nxLipafWO
— Steve King (@SteveKingIA) March 12, 2017
By Monday morning, King was effectively doubling down on the idea that “somebody else’s babies” are not really, truly American babies.
CNN host Chris Cuomo began his interview by citing King’s tweet:

Cuomo: If you want to apply that kind of thinking to America, it seems like a complete contradiction of what we’re all about. This is the melting pot. We are known by those countries as the bastion of diversity. It’s an unqualified strength for us … Who is ‘somebody else's babies’?

King: There’s an American culture, American civilization. It’s raised within these children in these American homes. That’s one of the reasons why we require that the president of the United States be raised with an American experience…

King went on:

This is an effort on the left, I think, to break down the American civilization and the American culture and turn it into something entirely different. I’m a champion for western civilization … I want more of that, not less. There are civilizations that produce very little [freedom], if any. This western civilization is a superior civilization, and we want to share it with everybody.

As my colleague David Graham points out, these utterances are all Classic King. Speaking to MSNBC’s Chris Hayes last year, King unambiguously stated that he believed “Western civilization” had contributed more to human civilization than any other “category” of people. It was, as Graham writes, “Nonchalantly delivered, stunningly offensive, and completely fact-free, since non-white people, and indeed non-Western people, have contributed a great a deal to the world.”
Speaking to Cuomo yesterday, King was marginally more accepting of these unnamed other “categories” of human beings, offering that certain groups “contribute differently to our culture and civilization,” but maintaining his opinion that “certain groups of people will do more from a productive side than other groups of people will. That’s just a statistical fact.”
Though King offered that he would one day like to see “an America that is so homogenous that we look a lot the same...” and that he believed there’s been “far too much focus on race,” ahem, “especially in the last eight years. I want to see that put behind us,” the more alarmingly racist and floridly delusional parts of his message are the ones that have proven most popular—and increasingly so—in America today. No less than the sitting president of the United States, Donald Trump, told an audience in Iowa in 2014 that King had “the right views on almost everything.”
White supremacists including David Duke and Richard Spencer, who believe that truly “American” babies are the products of Western civilization, the rightful heirs to its bounty of freedom, Christianity and the English language, praised King’s tweet. And they affirmed that Western religion, culture, and language are the tenets upon which they believe this country was founded and to which it must return—if it is to survive.
Instead of roundly condemning King, though, establishment Republicans like House Speaker Paul Ryan offered only tepid responses to his bluster. In a statement, Ryan’s office allowed: “The speaker clearly disagrees and believes America’s long history of inclusiveness is one of its great strengths.” (Rep. Carlos Curbelo, an immigration moderate from Florida, was noticeably more offended.)
Meanwhile, babies of non-Western stock (brown, and apparently occult) are, in the eyes of Spencer and Duke—and perhaps King—dismantling American civilization. They are not of this place, not of this land. They are “somebody else’s.” I am one of them.
In part this is ironic, because the Wagners of Lansing, Iowa (Mr. King’s home state) would have been familiar and happy characters in any King homily: my paternal grandfather was a rural mail carrier, his wife a stay-at-home mother of six. They were devout Catholics who ate fish on Friday and had home-made donuts on Sunday. Their town was lily white, and my father could recall ever only having seen one person of color during his childhood: the town’s black dry cleaner. When Steve King and his brethren dream of the Good Ole Days, I imagine my father’s Iowa childhood is exactly what they envision: stickball in the evenings and “Western” homogeneity that stretches further than the cornfields in late July.
This is the part of America they wish to see more of, and these Wagners are the Americans King and Co. wish would just have more babies—presumably in a bid to balance the scales with the country’s increasingly brown population. So far, most of my family has obliged: The Wagner progeny, overwhelmingly, would qualify as “American babies” in King’s estimation. They remain mostly headquartered in the Midwest, products of white, Christian, Western unions (if not necessarily Republican ones).
All of the Wagner progeny, that is, except me. My father, ever errant, left the Hawkeye State and moved to Washington D.C., where he met and married an immigrant: a dark-skinned non-Christian whose first language was not English but something else, whose orientation to the world was not born of Judeo-Christian tradition, but of something decidedly animistic and superstitious. Who worshipped not at the cross, but knelt in devout prayer in front of a different icon.
At this moment, it does not matter that I grew up speaking English and eating Chips Ahoy! and watching the very same Angela Lansbury re-runs as my cousins in LaCrosse. I also grew up eating fish cakes and dried shrimp, in a household where a non-Western language was spoken (especially during meal preparation), where certain Sundays found us not at Holy Trinity church, but at the monastery in suburban Maryland.
All of these things made me who I am. But today, these parts of my heritage also classify me as a nefarious element, a spur on the glide path of Western enlightenment. My father, by so foolishly procreating with someone of non-Western stock, unwittingly diluted the broader “American culture,” and redirected his bloodline into some unknown beyond, damning generations hence to an uncertain (but certainly less enlightened) future. If only he’d known what he was doing to himself—and his country.
Even when I was younger, at family reunions, it was never lost on me that my version of Wagnerism was slightly different than everyone else’s: My sunburns were never as bad when we went to the beach and I thought of bratwurst as an exotic treat. But I didn’t take these differences to be disadvantages, nor did I think they qualified me as some sort of outsider. I was a Wagner and an American as they were, just born in a different city and to different parents.
This was the case until one afternoon at the American City Diner, where I had gone to have lunch with my father. He stepped away from the counter while I ordered a vanilla malted and the line cook turned to me, perplexed about where, precisely, I’d come from—and asked, “Are you adopted?” It was a question, but it was also an accusation. And it marked the first time I realized that, to certain people, I could not possibly be the natural-born child of an American union, and could not, therefore, be American. I was an exception, a cast-off.
Even then, barely 11 years old, I was humiliated. I remember very nearly apologizing as I explained my mother’s country of origin—as if to excuse myself for not being what he had expected. Grinning, I said that no, I wasn’t adopted, a feeble attempt at reassurance (for both of us) that I was of this place, of this country.
Steve King’s comments have done—and will continue to do—damage by exacerbating the ongoing fracture of American society along racial lines, a schism borne out equally on social networks, and in the media, and at the ballot box. His tweets and cable-news proclamations remind Americans that the hobgoblins of prejudice and racism still stand proud, and that whatever you think of its origins, American “enlightenment” remains a work in progress.
But King’s contention also forces a subtler, but no less pernicious, sort of destruction. Inevitably, in the face of comments like his, brown children and indeed brown men and women, are inclined to enumerate the ways in which their cultures are also valid or worthwhile, or, conversely, to articulate the ways in which they are the same as everybody else (“everybody else” being the white and Western among us), whether through language or habit or values.
These explanations may be public or private, they may be the result of conversation or internal monologue. But—as it was for me that day at the diner—there is no mistaking that such explanations and articulations are themselves a form of apology, of somehow accepting blame. Perhaps this, as much as anything, is what Steve King wants.



ARTICLE
The Congressional Budget Office projected that the House Republicans’ new health-care plan would result in 24 million Americans losing their health insurance and lower federal deficits by $337 billion over 10 years. Iowa Representative Steve King defended a comment he made on Twitter about restoring “our civilization with somebody else’s babies.” The Justice Department has until the end of the day to provide evidence to the House Intelligence Committee to substantiate President Trump’s allegations that former President Obama wiretapped Trump Tower. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer attempted to soften Trump’s accusations, saying Trump wasn’t using the term “wiretapping” literally. Spicer also said Trump plans to donate his $400,000 salary to a charity at the end of the year and would “let the press corps determine where it should go.”
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

The Culling: President Trump’s budget proposal, which is set to be released later this week, is expected to include cuts across federal agencies, the repercussions of which may be felt most in the Washington area. (Damian Paletta, The Washington Post)
The Obama Plan: During interviews with Vox’s Jeff Stein, six current and former aides to Barack Obama discussed the former president’s political and apolitical ambitions for life outside the White House. Hint: He looks to Michelle as a model for how to approach Trump.
At Home With Kellyanne: In an interview with The Record, Kellyanne Conway discussed the president’s wiretapping allegations against former President Obama. (Mike Kelly)
‘Is Intersectionality a Religion?’: New York’s Andrew Sullivan argues it is. He writes: “If you happen to see the world in a different way, if you’re a liberal or libertarian or even, gasp, a conservative, if you believe that a university is a place where any idea, however loathsome, can be debated and refuted, you are not just wrong, you are immoral.”
Bounce Back: Former Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley describes his failed campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination as “the most frustrating experience I’ve ever had in politics.” After a difficult year, O’Malley is supporting state and local Democrats, and coming to terms with the outcome of the 2016 election. (Ruby Cramer, BuzzFeed)
 
How Does the New Plan Affect Me?: These graphics highlight which Americans might be worse off under the House Republicans’ new health-care plan, and who could fare better. (Haeyoun Park, Margo Sanger-Katz, and Sergio Pecanha, The New York Times)
In the week leading up to Super Bowl 51, we asked you to imagine that Capitol Hill had a football team—and suggest potential team names. Since this week marks the beginning of March Madness, we want to know: If you had to pick a lawmaker to coach your team and take it to the Final Four, who would you pick—and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
“The old order changeth,” Tennyson wrote, “yielding place to new.”
For three-quarters of a century, Americans have been debating whether the state should guarantee health coverage for all. With the passage of the Affordable Care Act, the “yes” side seemed at last to have prevailed, or nearly so. Obamacare is not quite a universal health-care program, but it shifted the U.S. closer to that outcome. For seven years, Republicans have vowed to shift it back. Now the moment for reversal has arrived. If Paul Ryan’s version of health-care reform prevails, the speaker will have accomplished something that Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher never could: Repeal a fully operational social-insurance program.
But it looks increasingly unlikely that Ryan will prevail. Monday’s Congressional Budget Office estimate that 14 million Americans will lose coverage in the first year after repeal—with 7 more to lose it just in time for the 2020 presidential election—must spread panic among already nervous Republicans. Paul Ryan, a true believer, accepts that toll as the price of principle. It seems doubtful that very many other Republican officeholders will long agree.
Unlike Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price, who absurdly promises that not one person in the United States will be rendered worse off by the GOP bill, Ryan has been commendably frank about the choice before the country. Here’s what he told CBS’s John Dickerson on Sunday, March 12.

Dickerson: How many people are going to lose coverage under this new—

Ryan: I can’t answer that question. It’s up to people. Here—here’s the premise of your question. Are you going to stop mandating people buy health insurance? People are going to do what they want to do with their lives because we believe in individual freedom in this country. So the question is, are we providing a system where people have access to health insurance if they choose to do so? And the answer is yes. But are we going to have some nice looking spreadsheet that says we, the government of the American—of the United States are going to make people buy something and, therefore, they’re all going to buy it? No. That’s the fatal conceit of Obamacare in the first place.

So it’s not our job to make people do something that they don’t want to do. It is our job to have a system where people can get universal access to affordable coverage if they choose to do so or not. That’s what we’re going to be accomplishing.

Ryan’s forthright remarks reveal the assumptions on which his policy is founded. Health-care coverage, his comments suggest, is a good that comes with a cost primarily borne by the covered individual or family. If individuals or families assesses that the good is not worth the cost, then they should be free to forgo the coverage. If that decision should ruin them financially—or expose them to life-threatening medical risk—then that is the price of freedom. As Ayn Rand wrote in The Virtue of Selfishness: “No man can have a right to impose an unchosen obligation , an unrewarded duty or an involuntary servitude on another man.” And what is a mandate but an unchosen obligation?
But Ryan’s health-care plan is encountering resistance—and, most paradoxically, the fiercest resistance from those who might be expected most to support him. Lose just three votes in the Senate, and the project stalls—maybe crashes. Despite the Republican grip on all the elected branches of government, that outcome must be accounted a real possibility, and more than a possibility.
What then?
The basis of the Republican opposition to Obamacare has gradually shifted over the past seven years. Ryan’s position—let people go uninsured if they will not or cannot pay the price of insurance—has become increasingly rare, or at least increasingly rarely articulated. Donald Trump won the Republican nomination and the presidency by promising more coverage, not less. Trump did it again at his health-care photo op on Monday: “You’ll see rates go down, down, down, and you’ll see plans go up, up, up,” he said. “You’ll have a lot of choices. You’ll have plans that nobody’s even thinking of today. They will have plans that today nobody has even thought about because the market’s going to import that with millions and millions of people wanting health care.”
Call it hucksterism and flimflam, but it’s hucksterism and flimflam that has consequences. A pair of Pew surveys in March 2016 and January 2017 found that Trump’s rhetoric has evoked a powerful response:

The belief that the government has a responsibility to ensure health coverage has increased across many groups over the past year, but the rise has been particularly striking among lower- and middle-income Republicans.

Thus, while most Republicans still reject the idea that government should ensure health coverage for all, 52 percent of Republicans with incomes below $30,000 now say that it should. Among middle-income Republicans—earning $30,000 to $75,000—the share who favor a government guarantee has jumped 20 points in less than 12 months, to 34 percent.
Even those Republicans who do not accept the principle of a government guarantee increasingly accept the practice. The uninsurance rate among non-elderly whites has dropped by almost five points since the Affordable Care Act went into effect. The declines among other groups have been steeper in percentage terms, but in absolute numbers, more poor whites gained coverage under the ACA than did any other group: almost 9 million non-elderly adults as of mid-2016.  If they voted in November, they likely voted for Trump.
No wonder that Republican governors and senators, who must answer to state-wide electorates, sound increasingly queasy when they talk about ACA repeal and its Ryancare replacement. I wrote about Rand Paul last week, but he’s now seconded by many more. Those skeptics’ criticism seems increasingly based on the political risk of withdrawing coverage from those who have relied on it—and of course the House plan will withdraw coverage anywhere from millions. As they reject that risk as too hazardous, Republicans take the belated final steps on the road to universality.
And it is high time—past time!—they did so. Republicans have had too many competing goals in health-care reform. They have wanted to lower costs (to free fiscal room for tax cuts and military spending), but also to avoid tangling with entrenched health-care interests, which have decisively favored Republicans in recent years. Post-Obamacare, as before, the United States remains an outlier among advanced nations both in its absolute spending on health care and in that spending’s rate of growth. Even looking only at government expenditures, the U.S. spends a larger share of income on health care than Switzerland and Canada. That money does not buy better outcomes: if anything U.S. health-care outcomes are deteriorating.
What that money has bought is a huge and costly health sector. In 2015, Forbes rated heath technology as the single most profitable industry group in the nation, featuring a fat 21 percent margin. Loath to tangle with providers, Republicans have fixed their hopes for cost reduction on customers. “Patient-centered medicine” sought to transform the user of health-care services as the system’s decisive cost-controller. Confronted with the full cost of medicine, the patient would consume care more prudently—or forgo it altogether.
That hope is listing badly. When and if it finally sinks, Republicans may notice something else. The other advanced countries with universal coverage manage to buy significantly better outcomes at the expense of 11 or 12 percent of GDP instead of America’s 16 percent. That extra increment of GDP could pay for a lot of military spending and a lot of tax cuts. Once politics has eliminated coverage reduction as a means of forcing economy, other possibilities open before a center-right party—and indeed have opened for center-right parties across the rest of the English-speaking world. Perversely, the effort to keep government out of health care has empowered health care to consume more and more government dollars. Where government has been deployed more effectively than in the United States, health care has consumed less.
The long battle to repeal Obamacare has diverted American conservatives from their true heath-care work. The sputtering out of that battle in a completely self-inflicted failure may at last free Republicans from a doomed endeavor and liberate them to undertake the work that the country most needs from them: protecting productive enterprise and military spending from the undisciplined voracity of a health-care industry that takes too much and delivers too little.



ARTICLE
Updated on March 13, 2017 at 6:34 p.m. ET
The Republicans’ effort to pass their proposed replacement for the Affordable Care Act just got a whole lot harder.
The Congressional Budget Office on Monday projected that the House leadership’s American Health Care Act would result in 24 million Americans losing their health insurance while raising premiums for those covered on the individual market. Their bill would lower federal deficits by $337 billion over 10 years, largely as a result of cuts to Medicaid that would reduce its enrollment by 14 million, according to the estimate. Average premiums would rise by as much as 20 percent in 2018 and 2019 before falling in later years.
CBO is the official nonpartisan scorekeeper of legislation on Capitol Hill, and its projections on the impact of policy proposals can determine whether they have the political momentum to pass the House and Senate. But they are rarely a surprise, and both parties had telegraphed in recent days how they thought the score would turn out.
Democrats had criticized Republicans for advancing their legislation through two key committees without a cost projection from CBO. They were anticipating Monday’s estimate like children who knew what present they were getting for Christmas, so confident were they that the CBO would validate their claim that the GOP bill would strip coverage from millions. Republicans, meanwhile, have been downplaying the CBO for days in an effort to take the sting out of its projection and prevent wavering members from withdrawing their support. The leadership proposal was already struggling in both chambers amid criticism from conservatives that the bill does not move far enough away from Obamacare policies. If rank-and-file lawmakers react poorly to the estimates, it could be a fatal blow.
Of particular concern for GOP backers of the American Health Care Act is the CBO’s projection for its immediate impact. If enacted soon, an estimated 14 million people would drop their insurance next year because the proposal repeals the tax penalties associated with the individual mandate, the CBO forecasts. If people are not required to buy insurance, in other words, many will stop doing so. Millions more would join the ranks of the uninsured after 2020, when the bill would roll back the expansion of Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act. Conservatives have called for repealing the expansion sooner, which would likely result in more people dropping coverage in the first years after enactment.
Republicans have assailed the increase in premiums in some markets under Obamacare, but the CBO offered a mixed review of their proposal on that count. Premiums would, on average, drop by 10 percent for people on the individual market over the next decade, but not before they rose sharply in the first two years. That short-term pain could make for a difficult sell for Republican lawmakers up for reelection in 2018, who would have to preach patience to their constituents who face higher insurance bills. And after years of criticizing Democrats for cutting $700 billion from Medicare to pay for the Affordable Care Act, Republicans would have to defend a proposal that not only maintains those cuts but chops another $880 billion from Medicaid, according to the CBO. Those cuts offset the repeal of nearly $900 billion in tax increases on wealthy people and businesses in Obamacare.
The Republican bill could not increase the deficit in order to pass muster under the budget reconciliation rules they want to use to pass it. And the CBO found that the proposal would slash the budget gap by $337 billion over a decade, as the cuts to Medicaid and insurance subsidies more than make up for the bill’s tax cuts.
With the new projection, congressional Republicans are sure to face more accusations that the bill breaks President Trump’s promise of “insurance for everybody” and the party’s explicit vow that its replacement would “decrease premiums.” Monday’s report prompted a split reaction from House Speaker Paul Ryan and Tom Price, his former congressional ally who is now secretary of health and human services. Ryan highlighted the findings favorable to Republicans and embraced the report overall. “I’m excited by this analysis,” he said Monday evening on Fox News, pointing to the longterm drop in premiums and CBO’s forecast that the individual health insurance market would stabilize over time if the bill became law. “It actually exceeded my expectations.”
Price, however, denounced the findings.
“We disagree strenuously with the report that was put out,” he told reporters outside the White House. “We believe our plan will cover more individuals at a lower cost and give them the choices that they want for the coverage that they want for themselves and for their family.” Price in particular disputed the forecast that 14 million people would go uninsured next year, a figure that he noted was greater than the number of people currently enrolled in Obamacare exchanges. “It’s just not believable,” he said. “We think that CBO simply has it wrong.”
Ryan and other GOP leaders had already backed away from Trump’s pledge, promoting universal “access” to care instead of insurance for all. In recent days, they said they could not hope to replicate Obamacare’s coverage expansion—estimated at more than 20 million people—because their bill does not require everybody to buy insurance. “The one thing I’m certain will happen is CBO will say, ‘Well, gosh, not as many people will get coverage,’” Ryan said Sunday on Face the Nation. “You know why? Because this isn’t a government mandate. This is not the government makes you buy what we say you should buy, and therefore the government thinks you’re all going to buy it. So there’s no way we can—you can compete with on paper a government mandate with coverage.”
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said last week, “If you’re looking at the CBO for accuracy, you’re looking in the wrong place.”
And on Sunday, Mick Mulvaney, a longtime CBO critic who heads Trump’s Office of Management and Budget, questioned why the agency would be scoring the health-care bill in the first place. “I love the folks at the CBO. They work really hard,” he said on ABC’s This Week. “They do, but sometimes we ask them to do stuff they’re not capable of doing, and estimating the impact of a bill of this size probably isn’t the best use of their time.”
In fact, analyzing the potential impact of major legislation is a core function of the office, which was created in 1974 and is now led by a director appointed by GOP leaders in 2015, Keith Hall. Republicans are correct, however, that the CBO’s record of accuracy is spotty. It projected in 2010 that the Affordable Care Act would reduce the ranks of the uninsured by 30 million, when in fact about 22 million have newly gained coverage because of the law. Democrats point out that a big reason why those numbers were off is that the Supreme Court ruled in 2012 that states could choose not to expand Medicaid, prompting many Republican-led states to opt out.
While disputing most of the CBO report, Mulvaney gave credence to its projection that the GOP bill would ultimately result in lower premiums. “If you look for something that CBO actually got right in this report, it’s that premiums would come down in cost,” he said as he stood alongside Price outside the White House.
Republicans noted that the estimate does not account for the rest of the GOP’s “three-pronged” approach to replacing Obamacare, which calls for the Trump administration to roll back regulations administratively and then for Republicans to try to entice Democrats to help pass follow-on legislation requiring 60 votes in the Senate. As for the projected spike in the number of uninsured Americans, Ryan simply reiterated in a statement his assurances of “a stable transition so that no one has the rug pulled out from them.”
As expected, Democrats pounced on the report to accuse Trump and his GOP allies in Congress of breaking their promises on health care. “The CBO score shows just how empty the president’s promises, that everyone will be covered and costs will go down, have been,” said Charles Schumer of New York, the Senate minority leader. “This should be a looming stop sign for the Republicans’ repeal effort.” Schumer and Nancy Pelosi, the House minority leader, joined together to call on the GOP to pull its bill as a result of the CBO estimate. “It’s really the only decent thing to do,” Pelosi said.
In questioning the CBO projection on health care, Republicans are at least consistent. They disputed the agency’s estimate in 2010 that the Affordable Care Act would reduce the deficit by about $1 trillion and dramatically expand insurance coverage. “Their job is to score what is placed in front of them. And what has been placed in front of them is a bill that is full of gimmicks and smoke and mirrors,” Ryan said during a bipartisan summit then-President Barack Obama convened in February 2010. Democrats were enraged at the GOP’s criticism back then, accusing them, in effect, of trying to play a baseball game without an umpire. “Quite honestly, if we can’t work with CBO numbers, we’re lost. We’re lost,” Representative Xavier Becerra replied to Ryan at the time. “Because then we really will get into a food fight.”
It’s hard to argue that the last seven years have resembled anything other than a political food fight on health care, and Monday’s CBO estimate was meeting skepticism from Republicans even before it came out. Democrats, too, have disputed scores they don’t like, although their attacks on the office’s credibility have not matched those of the GOP. “People are always criticizing the CBO. They are a nonpartisan entity that exists in a partisan environment,” said Douglas Holtz Eakin, a Republican former CBO director who has praised the GOP health-care bill. “They do high-quality work. Are they right all the time? No, but it’s certainly a serious effort.”
The question for Republican leaders is just how seriously their members will take the CBO’s latest projection. It may not sink their health-care bill, but it almost certainly won’t aid its passage.



ARTICLE
Updated March 13, 2017 at 2:08 p.m.
Steve King has always made a habit of speaking his mind, and quite frequently his mind has been controversial, blatantly false, or outright racist.
The Republican congressman from Iowa is the man who said in 2013 that while some children brought to the U.S. illegally were good kids, there were others “who weigh 130 pounds and they’ve got calves the size of cantaloupes because they’re hauling 75 pounds of marijuana across the desert.”
That may have been his most famous moment, but it was hardly alone. He called Barack Obama “Kim Jong POTUS.” He disregarded abuses at Abu Ghraib prison as “hazing.” He argued, without any evidence, that Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin had dangerous connections to the Muslim Brotherhood. The litany could continue, but it won’t, because a quick Google search produces many lists of outrageous King comments. The trail goes back at least as far as 2003, when he first joined the House, and has been consistent ever since.
In July, King was on Chris Hayes’s MSNBC show, and he objected to the journalist Charlie Pierce’s emphasis on Donald Trump’s reliance on white support.
“This whole white-people business, though, does get a little tired, Charlie,” King said. “I'd ask you to go back through history and figure out where are these contributions that have been made by these other categories of people that you are talking about. Where did any other subgroup of people contribute more to civilization?”
“Than white people?” Hayes asked, taken aback. “Than Western Civilization itself,” King said.
It was classic King: Nonchalantly delivered, stunningly offensive, and completely fact-free, since non-white people, and indeed non-Western people, have contributed a great a deal to the world.
On Sunday, King offered up his latest outrage, in a tweet expressing his support for the far-right, anti-Islam and anti-immigration Dutch leader Geert Wilders:

Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies. https://t.co/4nxLipafWO
— Steve King (@SteveKingIA) March 12, 2017
The tweet was, by King standards, somewhat nuanced: Although it’s hard to read the tweet as anything but a statement of white racism, especially given King’s past comments about how “other categories” or “subgroup[s]” of people have not contributed to the world, King left himself some wiggle room for implausible deniability with his choice of pronouns. As the famous fictional non-white person Tonto asked the Lone Ranger, “What you mean … ‘we’?”
On Monday, King went on CNN and tried to do some clean up. On the one hand, he told Chris Cuomo, “I meant exactly what I said.” King explained that he was referring to birth rates in Europe, arguing that native-born citizens were reproducing too little, and immigrants too much. (King is correct that birth rates are falling in Europe, as well as in the United States.) He connects these demographic statistics to vague innuendo about the need to “strengthen your culture, strengthen your way of life,” which amount to warnings about anyone who has values different from King’s, though Muslims are presumably the central focus. (For the record, the percentage of the American population born abroad has risen in the last few decades, but is still lower than where it stood between the 1860s and 1920s.)
But King also claimed this wasn’t about race. “If you go down the road a few generations or maybe centuries with the intermarriage, I’d like to see an America that’s just so homogenous that we look a lot the same from that perspective,” King said. Apparently forgetting the many race-obsessed things he’s said over the last decade, he added, “I think there’s been far too much focus on race, especially in the last eight years.”
The yearning for interracial marriage can become a sort of slightly-more-benign racism, as Jia Tolentino memorably put it three years ago: “The subtext is clear as anything: look how nice we look, as a people, when white gets to be more interesting and minorities get to look white. Look at this freckled, green-eyed future. Look at how beautiful it is to see everything diluted that we used to hate.” But believing that’s what King meant requires giving him a benefit of the doubt his own past statements do not afford him.
David Duke, the former KKK grand wizard and perennial candidate for office, took the tweet to be a statement of racial preference:

GOD BLESS STEVE KING!!! #TruthRISING https://t.co/oDFel8JDrP
— David Duke (@DrDavidDuke) March 12, 2017
What’s interesting is the difference in reactions to King’s past statements and to this one. It’s not that King has changed; it’s that the context has. It used to be that when King made a stupid comment, members, and especially leaders, of the Republican Party would condemn him. Former Speaker of the House John Boehner was particularly fierce, calling King’s cantaloupe commentary “deeply offensive.” He later was reported to have privately remarked, “What an asshole.”
This was relatively simple, because King, though able to garner widespread television attention, was a back-bench extremist, the sort of member who leaders like Boehner grumbled about and largely ignored.
Now, however, Boehner is retired and King is ascendant. Having initially backed Senator Ted Cruz during the GOP primary, he then became a close ally and fierce champion of Donald Trump. The alliance makes sense: In his eagerness to make outrageous assertions completely unbacked by factual evidence, King prefigured Trump’s political approach. King and Trump have both suggested that Islam writ large is a threat to the United States and that Barack Obama was not born in America. They are both hardliners on immigration who have made wildly inaccurate accusations of criminality about undocumented immigrants. They have both courted neo-Confederates and white supremacists. (Geert Wilders, the Dutch politician King was endorsing with his tweet on Sunday, has been called the Dutch Trump; he visited the Republican National Convention last year even as many GOP officials stayed away, and he celebrated Trump’s victory.)
There are many Republicans who do not agree with King, or with Trump, on these matters. Representative Carlos Curbelo, a Florida Republican whose parents immigrated from Cuba, spoke out against King’s statement:

.@SteveKingIA What exactly do you mean? Do I qualify as "somebody else's baby?" #concernedGOPcolleague
— Carlos Curbelo (@carloslcurbelo) March 13, 2017
So did fellow Sunshine State Republican Ileana Ros-Lehtinen:

Get a clue, @SteveKingIA. Diversity is our strength. All looking alike is such a waste. A travesty. I wanna be me. All others are taken. https://t.co/mx7vgeWPU8
— Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (@RosLehtinen) March 13, 2017
King’s Iowa colleague David Young took what appeared to be a veiled shot at King on Twitter. The chair of the Iowa Republican Party issued a statement focusing more on Duke than on King: “First of all, I do not agree with Congressman King's statement. We are a nation of immigrants, and diversity is the strength of any nation and any community,” said Jeff Kaufmann. “Regarding David Duke, his words and sentiments are absolute garbage. He is not welcome in our wonderful state.”
Monday afternoon, Speaker Paul Ryan’s issued a statement in the blandest terms: “The speaker clearly disagrees and believes America’s long history of inclusiveness is one of its great strengths.” Other Republicans are, likely, cringing in silence. Their challenge is that even if they do not agree with King, it’s much harder to write him off as just an oddball when some of King’s views are shared by the Republican president of the United States—and, by extension, have become the dominant strain of Republican thought in 2017.



ARTICLE
It is a funny feeling to realize you may have unwittingly come into contact with Russian intelligence—but not, these days, a totally uncommon one in Washington.
“There I was, standing in the entrance hall,” recalled Trevor Potter, a prominent election lawyer and former chairman of the Federal Election Commission. This was in December, at a lavish holiday party at the French ambassador’s residence, teeming with D.C. types—diplomats, journalists, consultants, lobbyists, current and former officials. Potter had just entered when he saw the French ambassador, whom he knew, conversing with a man he didn’t know: a stocky, Slavic-looking fellow in a dark suit.
“The French ambassador said, ‘Do you know Sergey, the Russian ambassador?’ I said I did not, and we shook hands,” Potter told me recently.
At the time, there was nothing particularly notable about the encounter. But now, with Congress and federal investigators probing alleged Russian meddling in last year’s presidential election, it feels a little bit creepy. The ambassador Potter met that night, Sergey Kislyak, is a central figure, alleged to be a high-level Kremlin spy, and his every phone call and handshake with associates of President Trump has come under close examination.
Kislyak’s phone calls with Michael Flynn, and Flynn’s apparent misstatements about the contents of those calls, cost the onetime national security adviser his job last month. Kislyak’s undisclosed meetings with Attorney General Jeff Sessions, then a senator, have caused Sessions to recuse himself from the Russia investigation. Kislyak’s contact with Trump—a brief hello at a reception before a speech hosted by a D.C. think tank—has raised further alarm.
Suddenly, everyone who’s ever met Kislyak is suspect, and Kislyak himself a subject of fascination. (In recent press reports, he has been described in conflicting terms: Is he a cordial man-about-town or an under-the-radar homebody?) An idle chat has become a “contact,” that sinister term of spycraft. And for those who circulate in Washington politics and policy circles, the whole affair hits close to home—a peeled-back corner of the spy game always being played below the capital’s surface.
What seems like networking can turn out to be something else entirely. One former congressional staffer, who worked for a member of the House International Relations Committee, told me that a few years ago he was offered a cash payment equivalent to his annual salary to pass along committee documents related to Taiwan.
“This guy just called out of the blue and asked me to lunch,” the former staffer recalled. The “guy” was an American who had previously worked as a congressional chief of staff. “And that was the offer he made—my current salary, in cash.”
The staffer, who had a security clearance, turned down the offer and reported the contact to his security officer, who said the guy was “on the radar” of American intelligence. The same staffer said he was once asked for classified information by a Malaysian embassy official; a friend who worked for a member of the Agriculture Committee was told to watch out for Chinese spies who supposedly hung out at the Hawk ’n’ Dove, a Capitol Hill bar, to eavesdrop on staffers’ conversations.
Staffers with security clearances are trained to spot this sort of thing, but those without clearance receive little in the way of security training. They have access to power and are prone to gossip. Many come in as interns, or fresh from a local campaign. A second former congressional staffer recalled repeatedly being asked on dates by an attractive woman from the Israeli embassy who had also been out with many of his friends. When they finally did go out, he couldn’t shake the feeling it might be “an old-fashioned honeypot scene,” he said, and declined her offer to come home with him.
Was he just being paranoid? In Washington, it can be impossible to discern what is on the level and what is not, what is paranoia and what is justified. Did a bunch of conservative bloggers suddenly develop opinions about the Malaysian regime in 2011 out of sincere conviction, or because they were being paid off? (It turned out to be the latter.) Why did several prominent think tanks suddenly hold discussions and publish reports in favor of Norwegian oil drilling? (They were getting millions of dollars from the Norwegian government, according to a New York Times investigation.)
Foreign propaganda, which is legal lobbying as long as it’s disclosed, pokes into everyday life in odd ways. A few years ago, numerous D.C. buses and Metro stations were suddenly festooned with an awareness campaign for a decades-past war crime in Azerbaijan, the Khojaly Massacre. Regular D.C. commuters were left to wonder what the posters were about—in this case, the geopolitical rivalry between Azerbaijan, an oil-rich dictatorship, and its politically powerful neighbor, Armenia. According to a public-relations staffer whose firm turned down the work, the campaign actually had a primary target audience of one: the wife of a top official in Azerbaijan’s government, who frequently came to D.C. for shopping trips.
This is simply the way things work in a superpower’s capital city. There is the Washington most of its residents live in, and then there is the one underneath, where allies and enemies jockey for influence and information. You think you’re living in an episode of Veep, and you find out you’re living in an episode of The Americans.
“Welcome to Washington—you’re not in Kansas anymore,” Tom Nichols, a national-security expert who teaches at the Naval War College, told me. When he was a Senate adviser, he recalled, he and his now-ex-wife, who worked for the CIA, could not talk about their work over dinner due to their differing clearances. “It’s the weirdest city in the world,” he said. “I would never say anything out loud in D.C. that I wouldn’t want to see on the news crawl in Times Square.”
There is a line, Nichols and other security experts are quick to note, between legitimate and illegitimate foreign activity, between information-gathering and intelligence work, between a lobbyist and a bagman. No one should be surprised or scandalized that the Russian ambassador attends public events and seeks meetings with lawmakers—that’s his job, and there’s nothing wrong with it. “This is what you do as a diplomat,” Andras Simonyi, a former Hungarian ambassador to the U.S., told me. “If you’re an ambassador and you’re not trying to meet CEOs and senators and presidential candidates, you’re crazy.”
Still, Simonyi said, one should be careful what one gossips about with a Russian at a D.C. party, and what compliments one takes at face value. They are famous for their skill at cultivating the naive. “‘Ah, you’re such a charming young lady, why don’t you come to the celebration we’re having for the national day of Russia?’ Don’t ever accept an invitation from the Russian embassy unless you know what you’re doing,” he said.
Certain countries’ ambassadors are D.C.-famous for their socializing—these days the master is Yousef Al Otaiba of the United Arab Emirates, whose country’s oil wealth bankrolls star-studded galas, donations to charities and think tanks, and constant schmoozing at the highest levels. In 2013, Otaiba threw a 50th birthday party for the MSNBC host Joe Scarborough; this January, he hosted an Alfalfa Dinner after-party at Cafe Milano whose attendees included Rex Tillerson, Jeff Bezos, presidential adviser Gary Cohn, and multiple members of the Cabinet and Congress. Those who have taken his private-jet junkets to the Formula One Grand Prix in Abu Dhabi include a former Air Force chief of staff.  
“They’re all being wined and dined, it’s incredibly glamorous, and he has put himself in a position of getting extraordinary access to all kinds of information,” a prominent D.C. socializer and sometime Otaiba guest told me, on the condition his name not be used. “The influence is palpable, but people don’t want to see it, because they enjoy the largesse.” Otaiba’s web of connections is obviously aimed at improving his country’s stature and relations with the U.S.; it is also alleged to have influenced American policy in the Mideast. If you are a D.C. climber, you can hardly do better than to be on his invitation list.
It can all begin to feel like a conspiracy. Living in D.C. or its suburbs, you may meet a neighbor at a block party who can’t tell you what she does for a living. A bunch of vans racing through local traffic may actually be engaged in surveillance training for the N.S.A. Washington journalists’ emails have allegedly been targeted by hackers in recent months. You start looking over your shoulder in this town, and before long you’ve gone down the path of the black-helicopter crowd. How deep does it go? What do they have on you?
But it’s not paranoia, as the old joke goes, if they’re really out to get you. The current Russia revelations may have people on edge because they’ve exposed something that has been true for a long time: The best soft targets don’t know they’re soft targets.
A top official on Mitt Romney’s 2012 campaign told me that the Secret Service at one point became concerned that Chinese hackers had penetrated the campaign’s computer network at its Boston headquarters. “That weekend, all these guys who looked like they worked at Home Depot showed up and spent the weekend putting in new hardware,” the official recalled. “Then the Service admonished us not to put anything in email that we thought was sensitive—that lasted about 24 hours.”
The staffers disregarded the warning and went back to their old habits, because the threat just didn’t seem real. But the episode looks very different now, after the release of hacked emails from Democratic committee staffers and Clinton campaign officials threw the 2016 campaign into chaos, even though they consisted mostly of political hacks’ silly office banter.
“I guess I never really understood this completely,” the Romney official said in retrospect. “It was like, what are they going to do, try to sell this? It’s just campaign stuff.”
That night at the French ambassador’s Christmas party, Trevor Potter struggled to come up with small talk after meeting Kislyak. The palatial mansion was adorned with winter decorations, including a group of penguins on a staircase glittering with fake snow. Potter remarked that the display must remind Kislyak of the climate back home. Without a trace of humor, Kislyak sternly informed him that penguins live exclusively in the southern hemisphere; there are none in Russia.
With the alleged Russian meddling that was much in the news, Potter didn’t want to bring up the election, but not because he was mindful of the potential intelligence implications. “It just would have been impolite,” he said.



ARTICLE
In late November 1968, less than a month after Richard Nixon won the presidency, U.S. Attorney Robert Morgenthau made a surprise announcement: He wasn’t leaving his post.
John F. Kennedy had chosen Morgenthau to be the chief federal prosecutor for the southern district of New York in 1961, and U.S. attorneys traditionally resigned when a new president was elected. But Morgenthau said he had no intention of leaving, telling reporters he still had “vendettas to settle” in his campaigns against political corruption and tax-evading Swiss banks.
One year later, Morgenthau resigned after Attorney General John Mitchell told him, on behalf of the Nixon administration, to leave or be fired. He implicitly criticized the White House for abiding by the “customs and principles of the old politics,” and appealed to the principle that law enforcement should be above politics.
“I hope that my fight for independence will make it easier for my successor to withstand the harsh, narrow partisan views on law enforcement currently in favor at the Department of Justice in Washington,” he said as he departed.
Forty-eight years after Morgenthau’s ouster, one of his successors has just met a similar fate. President Trump fired Preet Bharara, who carved out a national reputation with high-profile battles against corrupt legislators in Albany and insider trading on Wall Street, on Saturday after Bharara refused to offer his resignation as part of a broader removal of 46 Obama-era U.S. attorneys.
“By the way, now I know what the Moreland Commission must have felt like,” Bharara tweeted on Sunday afternoon. It was a reference to the independent body set up to investigate New York Governor Andrew Cuomo in 2013 to investigate political corruption; he abruptly shut it down in early 2014 after passing modest ethics reforms.
Bharara then stepped in with an investigation of the circumstances in which the commission was disbanded. Over the next couple of years, Bharara’s office indicted the leader of the state’s assembly, of its senate, and of top aides to Cuomo—demonstrating, emphatically, that there actually was pervasive corruption in New York state government, but that the Moreland Commission had been disbanded too quickly to make it public. Now Bharara shares its fate—forced from office before he could bring inquiries he was reportedly pursuing to completion.
Trump had every right to demand the resignations. But the manner in which he removed half of the nation’s chief federal prosecutors still raised eyebrows. During the transition in January, Trump had asked the attorneys, as well as certain high-ranking Justice Department personnel, to temporarily stay on after his inauguration on January 20. The request was a largely practical one: Each of the 93 U.S. attorneys represents the United States in civil lawsuits and serves as the top prosecutor in federal criminal trials within their jurisdictions.
Those roles can be sensitive and complex in nature, so it’s not unreasonable to keep them in place until their successors can be named. Some U.S. attorneys soon stepped down nonetheless, leaving career civil-servant prosecutors in charge in the interim. But the Trump administration seems to have jumped the gun on replacing the rest: None of their designated successors have been named, and those ousted were reportedly caught off-guard by the requests to resign. CNN reported that one of the attorneys found out he was being ousted through social media; others didn’t receive a call from Dana Boente, the acting deputy attorney general, until after the Justice Department made the announcement.
Forcing out the U.S. attorneys en masse on a Friday night may have been sloppy, but it isn’t unprecedented. Bill Clinton, the first Democratic president in more than a decade at the time, sought a similar mass resignation from the Reagan and Bush-era U.S. attorneys in 1993. (Among those ousted at the time was Jeff Sessions, then serving as the U.S. attorney for the southern district of Alabama.) George W. Bush and Barack Obama also oversaw mass turnovers among the nation’s chief federal prosecutors, albeit in a less dramatic fashion.
Trump and his predecessors acted well within their powers. All U.S. attorneys serve four-year terms “at the pleasure of the president,” a legal term of art that distinguishes a relatively small group of federal political appointees who rotate in and out as presidents change from the far greater multitude of career civil servants. A series of anti-corruption reforms in the late 19th century ensured those federal workers are both nonpartisan and insulated by civil-service laws. But those protections don’t extend to political appointees.
Of the 46 resignations sought, Trump has only declined to accept two of them: Boente, the U.S. attorney for the eastern district of Virginia and acting deputy attorney general, and Rod Rosenstein, the U.S. attorney for Maryland. Boente is currently serving as the acting second-in-command at the Justice Department, while Rosenstein is awaiting Senate confirmation to take that role permanently. The position has been vacant since Trump dramatically fired Sally Yates, an Obama holdover who refused to defend the president’s controversial travel ban in court, on January 30.
Friday’s firings occurred amid growing friction between a nascent Trump administration that’s still struggling to assert control over the sprawling federal bureaucracy, and what the White House increasingly sees as a hostile cadre of Obama-era officials who are still in place until their replacements can be named. Hours before the ouster, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer criticized “people that burrowed into government during eight years of the last administration” for pursuing their own agendas.
The greatest surprise in the ousters wasn’t that they happened, but that Bharara was among them. He had reportedly been assured by both Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions in November that he could stay on as U.S. attorney in the new administration. Bharara, whose jurisdiction includes Trump Tower, was overseeing multiple high-profile cases at the time, including an investigation into New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio’s campaign-finance practices. Bharara was also probing Fox News’ response to a sexual-harassment scandal that led to the resignation of longtime CEO Roger Ailes.
Why Trump changed his mind is unclear. The Times reported that the president tried to call Bharara on Thursday only to be rebuffed, with Bharara citing Justice Department protocols barring contact between federal prosecutors and the White House. After the Justice Department asked for the 46 U.S. attorneys to resign on Friday, Bharara did not submit his resignation. Finally, on Saturday, Boente called Bharara and told him to leave.
“I did not resign,” he then wrote on Twitter. “Moments ago I was fired.”



ARTICLE
David Gelernter is an innovator in parallel computing, a prolific writer on religion and culture, a talented artist—and one of two apparent finalists for the job of science advisor to President Donald Trump. To call the Yale computer scientist “anti-intellectual,” as The Washington Post did in January, is to stretch the word past its breaking-point. But Gelernter is also at the center of two falsely comforting ways of thinking about Trumpism. The first assumes that the most anti-intellectual president in recent memory infects everything he touches—that when someone who writes books decides to back a president who never reads them, the former gets dumbed-down by association. The second assumes that when a cultural conservative like Gelernter supports Trump, there’s nothing more interesting at stake than an acute case of hypocrisy.
The reality is more complicated. Gelernter is under no illusions about Trump: In an op-ed last October, he conceded that Trump is “an infantile vulgarian” even in the course of endorsing him. And whether or not he gets the job of science advisor, Gelernter deserves attention. He offers one of the clearest cases of the appeal of Trump’s authoritarian populism to a certain kind of traditionalist intellectual. It’s Gelernter’s writing on religion, not science, that displays the variety of traditionalism capable of coming to terms with Trumpism’s vulgarities through a kind of desperation, and capable of seeing Trump’s authoritarianism as a feature rather than a bug.
Understanding the worldview that Gelernter would bring to the White House—grasping both its appeal and its flaws—requires reading a short, remarkable book he published in 2009, called Judaism: A Way of Being.  Gelernter claims that Judaism, despite its well-known prohibition of “graven images,” is in fact a faith “passionately attached to images; they are its favorite means of expression.” Gelernter intended his book as a summation of the kind of modern Orthodox Judaism that he practices (as well as an accessible introduction for secular Jews like me), but it is something rarer than a book of theology or doctrine.
The images that matter most for Gelernter are not so much the striking scenes of the Hebrew Bible as they are the concepts and half-formed notions that take shape in the minds of the faithful, just below the level of conscious thought, as they live inside of a faith. Judaism is an attempt to give these notions some concreteness, to catalogue some of the central images that emerge over time in the mind of a practicing Jew.
A case in point is the image-theme of “separation,” as it appears in the separation of kosher from non-kosher food, of the Sabbath from the days of the week, of the elements in the Torah’s creation myth, and so on. The distinctiveness of Gelernter’s approach is its perception that each of these kinds of separation entails the others, not in the sense of logical necessity, but in the sense that one visual motif in a painting can entail another. Jewish law, he writes, “transforms Jewish life into a richly symbolic artwork whose theme, separation, recurs in countless variations and whose ultimate subject is sanctity and the struggle of joyous life against cruelty, decay, and death.”
The struggle is exactly the point. Ritual practice—carving out exceptions in space and time, again and again and again—is a kind of dissent against entropy. “Judaism is against nature … It is against entropy. It opposes the inevitable unraveling of the universe”—even as it acknowledges that the opposition does nothing to dent the inevitability. In other words, religion has no bearing on scientific truths—but it can condition our normative response to those truths.
Gelernter is not a literalist or a fundamentalist, and what he understands about religious faith is that it isn’t something one is liable to be argued into or out of. It’s something far more free-associative, prone to is own kind of fuzziness, an “emergent system” that can exhibit the coherence of art without the coherence of logic. I read a passage like this and am convinced that, if Terrence Malick made books rather than movies, he’d make something like Judaism:

Imagine a man in synagogue holding the Torah wide overhead, one handle in each hand. (This is the ritual called hagbah.) You see him there onstage with his back facing you, scroll towards you, his muscles tensed and arms braced. Now imagine the façade of a great nineteenth century synagogue like Central Synagogue in Manhattan, framed by two identical towers. These two images occupy the exact same space and blend together: the Torah scroll’s two uprights blending into the two towers of the synagogue … Now imagine the Red Sea split apart to allow the Israelites to escape Egypt into the distance, a wall of water to each side—and let all three images blend together, one water-wall coinciding with each tower and each upright of the Torah. Watch the Israelites passing between the two water-walls. They are walking straight into the Torah.

For Gelernter, this is just what religious thought looks like, or the closest he can come to approximating it in print.
What is true of religious thought specifically also appears to be true more generally: Much of our inner lives occur “wrapped up in imagery, beyond the reach of language.” And while that conviction might be the source of a healthy realism about the limits of argument, in religion and politics alike, it can also warrant a disengagement from the hard work of persuasion.
Images can do any number of things. They can startle. They can stir. They can overawe. But they can’t argue, and they can’t persuade, at least not in a manageable or predictable way. If the image that you find compelling does nothing for me, there’s little you can do to win me over beyond pointing at it more insistently. If Gelernter’s montage of the Torah scroll, the synagogue, and the Red Sea fails to speak to you as it speaks to him, there’s little he can do, in his own terms, to change your mind. Those images are only powerful as part of a living and lived-in system, but in the absence of that system, they are inert.
Gelernter’s book begins, in fact, with his fear that American Judaism, given its struggles with assimilation, secularization, and intermarriage, is ceasing to be such a system: “Unless the essence of Judaism is written down as plainly as can be, the loosening grip most American Jews maintain on the religion of their ancestors will fail completely, and the community will plummet into the anonymous depths of history.” (Gelernter posits that Zionism can act, for a time, as a kind of backup generator for Jewish solidarity; but given liberal Jews’ growing disaffection with the Israeli government, this seems even less plausible today than it was in 2009. Nor is he optimistic that the Orthodox can sustain American Judaism on their own; despite their high birthrates, they remain a minority within a minority.) So Judaism is a work of conservation, an attempt to encase in language a set of impressions, a way of being, before it is lost.
It can’t be done. Or at least, what Gelertner is trying to conserve is hollowed out in the process of saving it. The mental images that accumulate when you practice a way of being are so quietly powerful because they are unspoken, because they are free of language and its demands—for consistency, for sense. At the moment at which the prospect of cultural loss forces you to fix them in writing, to pin them down, you’ve already become alienated from them. Gelernter’s ambitious response to cultural loss—to launch a long, shared effort to fix in writing the “Torat ha-lev, the Torah of the mind and heart,” or the book of Judaism as a lived experience—is not the action of someone who believes his community is in good health. Such a project could only seem necessary against a background of loss and fear; but to fight the battle is to lose it.
Gelernter’s struggle is distinctive, but it is not unique. It stands in for the struggle of any number of traditionalists confronting cultural change, and facing the prospect that the beauty they see in their particular way of being fails to “translate.”
If liberals ever imagine their ideal conservatives, they tend to picture them elegiac, wise, and weathered. I confess that this is what Gelernter’s book looked like to me in 2009, painting a way of life without any persuasive intent: take it or leave it; it just is. But the kind of traditionalism that looks so at peace with itself at one moment can turn scowling and threatening the moment it meets perceived resistance: resistance from the secular world without, or resistance from within, such as the Jewish feminists who might well take issue with Gelernter’s claim that “‘female rabbi’ and Jewish law are mutually exclusive.”
What is essential is that the elegy and the scowl, the self-containment and the rage, grow from the same root: a way of being that does not recognize the possibility of persuasion. A line that Gelernter cites from Coleridge speaks to that thought: “Read the first chapter of Genesis without prejudice, and you will be convinced at once.” Gelernter comments: “If you are ‘convinced,’ you make a decision. If you are ‘convinced at once,’ the decision makes you.”
Wonderful—if it works. But what if nothing happens? Then the voice changes its tone, and the invitation becomes a command: It just is!
Gelernter, for one, seems to be thoroughly fixed in the latter phase, pronouncing in 2013 that “the nation is filling inexorably with Airheads, nominally educated yet ignorant; trained and groomed like prize puppies to be good liberals,” or, in his Trump endorsement, that “Obama has governed like a third-rate tyrant,” or that nothing gives Hillary Clinton pleasure like “the verbal kick in the groin of a Secret Service man or state trooper who has the nerve to talk to her as if she were merely human.” This, perhaps, is what political argument sounds like when you have already persuaded yourself of how little argument can do.
And again, Gelernter is not unique in this. It is the defining theme of the Trumpist intellectual—that, at some moment, we passed the point beyond which persuasion is no longer possible. It is the through line of Michael Anton’s influential “Flight 93 Election” essay, in which coming to terms with Trumpism’s vulgarity is cast as proof of moral seriousness, a willingness to do what must be done. If you prefer, writes Anton, “for conservatism to keep doing what it’s been doing—another policy journal, another article about welfare reform, another half-day seminar on limited government, another tax credit proposal—even though we’ve been losing ground for at least a century, then you’ve implicitly accepted that your supposed political philosophy doesn’t matter and that civilization will carry on just fine under leftist tenets.” In other words, if you persist in doing any of the usual things that we do to change each other’s minds in a democracy, you aren’t expressing respect for your fellow Americans and their right to think you’re wrong. You’re a sucker, a loser, and your way of being is almost dead. “Charge the cockpit or you die.”
From Anton, we learn what conservatism looks like as a suicide mission. But from Gelernter, we learn why such a mission could look so compelling to so many smart people—a view from inside the cabin, just before the “hijackers” stood up.
And we also might learn, from his book and despite it, that warnings again graven images still have some wisdom to them. To make a graven image is just to make an image from which you are alienated, to pull it out of your heart and work it into something so precious and fragile that you would risk harming others to keep it safe; and the word for that is still idolatry. Maybe those images are best when they are not graven, when they are immanent in practice, in the dark of the mind and the heart.



ARTICLE
When weary Muslims gathered in Toronto in December for an annual retreat, marking the end of a tumultuous U.S. election year, they probably didn’t expect the event to turn into a referendum on racial tensions within the American Muslim community. But it did.
One session was led by Hamza Yusuf, a well respected white scholar who co-founded Zaytuna College, which claims to be America’s first Muslim liberal-arts college. At the end, he was asked whether Muslims should work with groups like Black Lives Matter. “The United States is probably, in terms of its laws, one of the least racist societies in the world,” he replied. “We have between 15,000 and 18,000 homicides per year. Fifty percent are black-on-black crime, literally. … There are twice as many whites that have been shot by police, but nobody ever shows those videos.”
He went on. “It’s the assumption that the police are racist. It’s not always the case,” he said. “Any police now that shoots a black is immediately considered a racist.”
The backlash on social media was swift and immense. “For black Muslims, hearing this from somebody we’ve all come to love and trust—it was a cold slap in the face,” said Ubaydullah Evans, the executive director of the American Learning Institute for Muslims, who is black. He said he saw Yusuf’s comments as a way of perpetuating myths about “black pathology” and blaming African Americans for violence. Yusuf’s statements were indeed somewhat misleading: While a greater number of white people have been shot by the police compared to black people, that statistic doesn’t account for population size. When that adjustment is made, historical data shows that black people are more likely to be shot by police than white people.
Even though slightly less than one-third of American Muslims are black, according to Pew Research Center, American Muslims are most often represented in the media as Arab or South Asian immigrants. The distinction between the African-American Muslim experience and that of their immigrant co-religionists has long been a source of racial tension in the Muslim community, but since the election, things have gotten both better and worse. While some Muslims seem to be paying more attention to racism because of Donald Trump, others fear that any sign of internal division is dangerous for Muslims in a time of increased hostility.
While the Toronto conference was upsetting, Evans said, he doesn’t think it’s representative of the biggest racial problems in the American Muslim community. White racism toward black people is “not the kind of racism that circumscribes my life as an American Muslim,” he told me. “It’s the social racism I experience from people of Arab descent, of Southeast Asian descent. This is the racism no one is talking about.”
The wave of immigration that shaped today’s American Muslim population began in the 1960s, after Congress lifted previous race-based restrictions on immigration. In many ways, this surge was directly connected to the work of black Muslims and others involved in the civil-rights movement: The Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965 allowed far greater numbers of people from Asia and Africa to emigrate to the U.S. As of 2014, an estimated 61 percent of Muslims were immigrants, according to Pew, and another 17 percent were the children of immigrants. Many of the perceived racial tensions among Muslims come from conflicts between these immigrant communities and non-immigrants, who are often black.
Some Muslims say “we shouldn’t talk about anti-blackness within the community, because we’re under siege by Islamophobes.”
“Immigrant Muslims had a convenient comfort zone,” said Omar Suleiman, an imam based in Dallas who serves as president of the Yaqeen Institute for Islamic Research. As each new immigrant community established its own mosques and community centers, portions of the Muslim American population became segregated by ethnicity and income. For non-black Muslims who grew up in the suburbs, attended private schools, and rarely encountered black Muslims in their mosques, it’s easy “to internalize many of the poisonous notions about the black community that … diminish the pain of those communities,” he said.
“I think a lot of African American Muslims see a hypocrisy sometimes with immigrant Muslims,” said Saba Maroof, a Muslim psychiatrist with a South Asian background who lives in Michigan. “We say that Muslims are all equal in the eyes of God, that racism doesn’t exist in Islam.” And yet, cases of overt racism aren’t uncommon, like when South Asian or Arab immigrant parents don’t want their kids to marry black Muslims. “That happened in my family,” she said.
These stereotypes are sometimes perpetuated by leaders like Yusuf. Toward the end of the Toronto conference, he apologized for the ambiguity of his previous comments, but clarified that he believes “the biggest crisis facing the African American community in the United States is not racism. It is the breakdown of the black family.” The line won huge applause in the presentation hall where Yusuf was speaking. But online, there was yet more backlash: Kameelah Rashad, a black Muslim chaplain at the University of Pennsylvania, started tweeting out pictures under the hashtag #blackMuslimfamily, for example, to protest Yusuf’s remarks. (Yusuf declined a request for an interview.)
Some Muslims believe “we shouldn’t talk about anti-blackness within the community, because we’re under siege by Islamophobes. This is not the right time to air internal laundry,” Rashad said. But “if I have to contend with anti-Muslim bigotry outside of the Muslim community, and within my own community, I’m having to push back on anti-black racism, I’m kind of fighting a war on two fronts.”
Racial dynamics have long shaped Muslims’ political identities. There’s a “tendency to regard issues that impact black people—and by extension, black Muslims—as not thoroughly Islamic,” said Evans. “If we’re talking about a social issue in Palestine or Chechnya or Kashmir or Saudi Arabia or anywhere else, those things can properly be engaged as ‘Islamic issues.’ [If] we’re talk about economic injustice, or gentrification, or ex-offender re-entry, or recidivism, those things aren’t really regarded as ‘legitimately Islamic.’ It’s like, ‘Why would a Muslim of conscience be talking about that stuff?’”
Media outlets typically go for “people who are ethnic, but not too much.”
As Muslim leaders have taken up visible roles in anti-Trump activism, these dynamics have intensified. Progressive leaders have condemned the so-called Muslim ban—the executive order that originally affected people from seven Muslim-majority countries—putting the focus in the Muslim community on immigration. But when protesters swarmed airports in large American cities following the order’s release, some black Muslims stayed home, said Margari Hill, the co-founder of the Muslim Anti-Racism Collaborative, who is also a black Muslim. “They have this long-term struggle. Not much has changed—it’s always been kind of terrible,” she said. And “when it comes to the spectacle of black death, we don’t necessarily see a lot of Middle Eastern or South Asian Muslims showing up for Black Lives Matter.”
In activist spaces, black Muslim leaders are sometimes discounted as well. “We’re often questioned, undermined, and asked to bring other experts as the voice of authority,” said Asha Noor, the former leader of an anti-Islamophobia campaign called Take on Hate, who is a Somali-American Muslim. “I’ve seen a lot of black Muslims retreat into our own spaces because they are safe spaces for us.”
As American Muslims have dealt with everything from arson to assault because of their religious identity over the past several months, leaders have increasingly called for unity. But attempts to unify can also stifle diversity, said Hill. Even though three of the seven countries originally included in Trump’s immigration order are in Africa—Libya, Sudan, and Somalia—Hill said she rarely sees people from those countries featured in the news. Instead, media outlets typically go for “people who are ethnic, but not too much,” she said. “You have to be a little attractive.”
There’s also debate within the community on the right way for Muslims to show their patriotism. The red, white, and blue hijabi was a visible symbol in the Women’s March on Washington in January, but not all Muslims think that image sends the right kind of message about the religion. “It feels like a performance,” said Rashad. “As a black American, I am fully cognizant of the fact that that kind of performance does not lead to equality.” While Muslim immigrants have often viewed America as a meritocracy, she said, “For black Muslims, our history is complicated. This hasn’t been a place of opportunity or meritocracy.”
“Nobody wants to be known as a racist.”
Despite these tensions, Trump’s election has inadvertently prompted some new conversations about race among Muslims. Maroof compared Muslims’ new interest in race to a recent skit on Saturday Night Live: A room full of white people watching the 2016 election results start to realize America has issues with racism, while their black friends just nod along. After the election, Maroof started a book club to learn more about political activism, and asked Rashad, who also works in mental health, for recommendations. She suggested The New Jim Crow, a book about racism and mass incarceration. “The awakening I see some non-black Muslims experiencing is very similar to some of the awakening I’ve seen my white friends going through,” Rashad said.
Maroof said she has been aware of racial tensions among Muslims for a long time, but feels like it’s particularly important to pay attention to these issues now. “Even after 9/11, it wasn’t this bad. There was not this travel ban or things like that,” she said. But she recognizes that for a lot of Muslims—herself included—starting conversations about intra-Muslim racism will inevitably come with uncomfortable moments. “Maybe people are sometimes afraid they’re going to say the wrong thing,” she said. “Nobody wants to be known as a racist.”
Meanwhile, some black Muslims are having a political awakening of their own on issues like immigration. “There wasn’t as much outrage with the Obama administration,” said Hill. Obama used less inflammatory rhetoric to talk about immigration, but his administration still removed a record-number of undocumented immigrants from the United States. “Things that were invisible to many of us who have privilege as non-immigrants—now we see it,” she said.
The irony of Islamophobia is that it may eventually produce the exact cultural effect Islamophobes fear: Muslim Americans may find a newly consolidated sense of identity and unity because of their religious affiliation. If some Muslims once hoped to be fully assimilated into elite American culture—to live in nice neighborhoods, attend fancy schools, and fully blend in with white America—that’s likely impossible now, Evans said. “The first blow to that aspiration was 9/11. Then ISIS happened. The prospect began to look even farther off,” he said. “With the Trump election, I really think it was finished off. It’s over now.”



ARTICLE
President Trump’s proposal to shift towards a “merit-based” immigration system would upend an approach that has existed for half a century.
Since the 1960s, the United States’ immigration system has largely based entry on family ties, giving preference to those with relatives who are citizens. But in his first address to a joint session of Congress in February, Donald Trump proposed moving away from that policy, focusing instead on an immigration system that would prioritize high-skilled immigrants.
Trump and his advisors have argued that the current levels of immigration harm American workers by lowering wages and preventing assimilation. A merit-based system, restrictionist advocates believe, would help lower immigration rates and ensure that the immigrants who do come are high-skilled workers who never need public assistance. “The current, outdated system depresses wages for our poorest workers, and puts great pressure on taxpayers,” Trump said in his speech to Congress.
While the president has yet to offer details, a merit-based system would pose its own challenges to economic prosperity. Critics believe that  a merit-based system that prioritizes high-skilled workers could hurt the economy by harming industries that rely on low-skill immigrant labor, and that fears that immigrants are not assimilating or are overly reliant on the social safety net are overblown.  
The first example of the U.S. establishing qualifications for new immigrants was in 1917, when the government imposed a literacy test on those seeking to enter the country. In the 1960s, Congress lifted restrictions that heavily curtailed immigration from non-European nations, and reshaped the immigration system toward prioritizing admission of close relatives of immigrants already living in the United States. The overwhelming majority of immigrants are now admitted through that family-preference system, which significantly changed the ethnic composition of U.S. immigrant population by admitting more Latin American and Asian immigrants.
In 2015, for example, of the more than one million legal permanent residents admitted, “44 percent were immediate relatives of U.S. citizens, [and] 20 percent entered through a family-sponsored preference,” according to the Migration Policy Institute, a nonpartisan think tank. Only 14 percent of those admitted came through a job-based preference. The “merit-based” immigration system, in theory, would increase the latter figure, as it would prioritize those who are highly educated and therefore considered more employable.
Such a policy would likely limit the supply of low-skilled workers, and might allow the administration to filter which immigrants it chooses to admit. And a merit-based immigration system could also help realize a longtime conservative policy goal—a reduction in the number of immigrants admitted overall.
Some Republican lawmakers have already pushed for legislation that would limit legal immigration. Last month, Republican Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue introduced legislation that would cut the number of immigrants legally admitted to the United States in half. It would do so in part by limiting the number of family members immigrants can sponsor for citizenship, a policy long sought by immigration restrictionist groups.
Dan Stein, the president of the Federation for American Immigration Reform, which supports curtailing immigration, said a merit-based approach could reduce the flow of immigrants coming into the United States. “The merit-system is also a surrogate for moving away from a system that the country doesn’t really get to control and regulate how many come in every year and who they are because of chain migration, the family-preference system,” Stein said, adding that a points system would be one part of the whole.
Nevertheless, assessing “merit” is difficult. A system that deliberately excluded low-skilled workers might raise labor costs in industries that rely on those workers, increasing prices for consumers but boosting wages for workers.
Supporters of a merit-based system point to Canada and Australia as models. The two countries assess who is eligible to enter the country by using a point system based on factors like education and employment history—the more points, the greater the likelihood of entry. Trump, for his part, has regularly cited Canada and Australia as models for the United States to follow.
“Everyone thinks the points bring the brilliant people,” said Tamar Jacoby, the president of ImmigrationWorks USA, a national organization that advocates for the legalization of undocumented immigrants. “The fact is that even the countries that started with a system like that, invented the system like that, Canada and Australia, have over the past 20-25 years moved away from a strictly diploma-based and skill-based system.”
Canada’s system, Jacoby notes, had trouble properly assessing immigrants’ qualifications. For example, would a degree from another country be recognized in the country an individual is trying to migrate to and if so, would they be a fit for the jobs that need to be filled? Over time, Canada began shifting toward an approach that specifically caters to particular industries’ needs, Jacoby added.
In the United States, there’s a need for both high-skilled immigrants and low-skilled immigrants across industries, a need for tech workers in Silicon Valley and a need for laborers in the agriculture industry. But while the administration has not released a plan for what its merit-based immigration system would look like, Trump has implied that he would prioritize high-skilled workers.
“It is a basic principle that those seeking to enter a country ought to be able to support themselves financially. Yet, in America, we do not enforce this rule, straining the very public resources that our poorest citizens rely upon,” Trump said in his address last week. “Switching away from this current system of lower-skilled immigration, and instead adopting a merit-based system, we will have so many more benefits.”
George Borjas, a professor of economics and social policy at Harvard’s John F. Kennedy School of Government who studies immigration issues and has made the case for stricter immigration policies, argues that high-skilled immigrants have the potential to contribute more to the U.S. economy.
“The argument for high skilled as opposed to low skilled is two fold,” he said. “One is the perception that if you’re going to think of which kind of immigrant has the bigger potential to push outward the frontier of knowledge in this country, it would be high-skilled immigrants; two, they’re also economically beneficial in the sense that high-skilled immigrants are much more likely than low-skilled immigrants to pay higher taxes and to receive fewer services.” This, he added, is true from a purely economic perspective, but neglects to acknowledge what kind of country the United States wants to be in regard to immigration: one focused on economic outcomes or one based on values.
Michael Fix, the president of the Migration Policy Institute, argues that there’s a place for high-skilled and low-skilled immigrants, adding that over time immigrants do quite well in the economy. For example, the first generation and their children will indeed generate fiscal costs at the state and local level, but that changes with the second generation. “If you look at the second generation and higher and their children—as adults then [as] children of immigrants—[they] pay higher taxes and use fewer benefits than other natives and than other immigrants,” Fix said.
Despite talk of a merit-based system, the administration is sending mixed signals on where it stands in regard to admitting high-skilled immigrants. Earlier this month, the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services announced that, starting on April 3, it would temporarily suspend premium processing for H-1B visas.
“This suspension may last up to 6 months,” the agency said. Companies can use these visas to hire foreign workers to temporarily fill positions in the United States. Among the criteria to qualify for an H1-B visa is a college degree “or its equivalent.” The U.S. caps the number of visas that can be issued each fiscal year at 65,000.
In other words, while the president is calling for a merit-based system, his administration is suspending a program that permits entry for high-skilled immigrants. To be sure, Trump has also not laid out what his merit-based immigration system would look like, so it’s unclear whether that system would emphasize a college degree or other types of qualifications.   
“Right now the main focus is on addressing illegal immigration, but reforming our broken immigration system is something the President has been engaging members of Congress on for weeks,” White House spokesperson Michael Short wrote in an email, adding that “the legislative agenda thus far has been dominated by repealing and replacing ObamaCare, tax reform and the budget.”
Earlier this week, the president met with Cotton and Perdue. Cotton told MSNBC’s  Morning Joe in an interview that Trump said “he wants to move in the direction of, for instance, Canada and Australia, and focused on more of what he calls a merit-based system.” He added: “Our legislation is the first step in that.”
House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte has also expressed an interest in a skills-oriented approach to immigration. In February, Goodlatte cited Canada and Australia as examples for the U.S. to follow. An aide with the House Judiciary Committee would not comment beyond saying that Goodlatte was in talks with the Trump administration “about how we can improve our nation's immigration laws.”
Trump is not the first U.S. president to propose a merit-based system. President George W. Bush’s included one as part of his 2007 comprehensive immigration reform bill, but that proposal died in the Senate. Whether in Congress or the White House, grand ambitions for immigration policy often end up facing greater obstacles than anticipated.



ARTICLE
The White House suggested Donald Trump may not have known that Michael Flynn had lobbied for Turkey, although Flynn’s lawyers had notified the transition team ahead of the inauguration. A spokeswoman for the Department of Justice said Attorney General Jeff Sessions asked for the resignations of 46 attorneys appointed by former President Obama “in order to ensure a uniform transition.” The Labor Department reported that the U.S. economy added 235,000 jobs in February, and the unemployment rate fell from 4.8 percent to 4.7 percent. When asked about Trump’s previous claims that federal jobs reports were “phony,” White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said the jobs numbers “may have been phony in the past” but are “very real now.” Representative Justin Amash “broke down in tears” after he missed a roll-call vote, his first missed vote since arriving to Congress in 2011.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Better Than Nothing?: David Harsanyi argues that, while House Republicans’ new health-care legislation might be “Obamacare Lite,” it also might be “the best this crop of legislators is going to do.” (National Review)
‘There Really Was a Liberal Bubble’: Many political journalists and analysts were surprised by Donald Trump’s victory in the 2016 presidential election, and Nate Silver thinks that surprise could be due to a failure of the “wisdom of the crowds.” Here’s what he means. (FiveThirtyEight)
Bernie Weighs In: During an interview with The Guardian, Senator Bernie Sanders discusses the early days of the Trump administration, and his fight to help Democrats cater to the needs of racial and ethnic minorities in addition to those of working-class voters. (Ed Pilkington)
The Trump Transition: Four transgender people who came out after the 2016 election share their fears of living under the new administration. “My only concern was whether or not I could continue if I could no longer afford therapy and hormones,” K Richardson said. “I can't go back. I'd rather die.” (Katelyn Burns, Esquire)
A Bright Spot: Peter Coy spoke with three “apolitical economists” about whether Trump deserves credit for the strong jobs report released Friday. Two of them believe post-election confidence led to the boost, while one attributes it to February’s mild weather that likely led to added jobs. (Bloomberg)
 
A Complex Web: These seven charts illustrate all of the proven and suggested links between Trump associates and Russian officials. (Michael Crowley, Politico)
On Wednesday, a Northern Virginia school district shut down for the day after a number of staff members asked for the day off to participate in “A Day Without a Woman,” a protest to highlight the contributions of women to society. A few weeks ago, a number of restaurants and fast-food chains closed down for “A Day Without Immigrants” to spotlight immigrant contributions in the United States.
So this week, we asked you to fill in the blank with a group of people that deserves to be commemorated. Head on over to our Notes section to read our favorite responses, but here’s a teaser:
Brooke Ackerly proposed a “Day Without Caregivers”:

Schools would have no after-care and closed daycares would mean many workers would stay home. By doing our own care work, we would all appreciate how much work it is, how lovely it is to be present for each other, and how hard it is to be present for each other.

And reader Andrew Vernon suggested a “Day Without Petroleum Products”:

This would be especially shocking for those on the left and in Congress who like to make the domestic oil and gas industry their perpetual whipping boy—modern healthcare, manufacturing, cheap/safe food, sanitation, all manner of things depend on plastics and petrochemicals.  A similar argument could be made for the financial services industry—both are backbone industries upon which the economy runs.

Thanks for responding, and stay tuned for next week’s Question of the Week contest.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Increasingly, the central question about Michael Flynn’s tenure as national security adviser is not how it ended so soon but how it ever began in the first place.
Earlier this week, Flynn—who was forced to resign February 13, just three weeks into his job—filed forms with the Justice Department saying he had done work from August to November “that could be construed to have principally benefited the Republic of Turkey.” U.S. citizens who lobby for overseas governments are legally required to file paperwork under the Foreign Agent Registration Act. Flynn’s firm received $530,000 for the work.
On Thursday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer was asked whether the Trump administration was aware of Flynn’s lobbying when he was selected to be national security adviser. “I don’t believe that that was known,” he said. On Friday, however, the Associated Press reported that the White House had confirmed that the Trump transition team knew before Inauguration Day that Flynn might be required to register as a foreign agent. In fact, on November  18, mere days after the 2016 election, Representative Elijah Cummings, the ranking Democrat on the House Oversight Committee, wrote a letter to Vice President-Elect Mike Pence inquiring about Flynn’s ties to the Turkish government.  
In fact, it would be laughable if Trump officials had not known, since a simple Google search could have tipped them off. On Election Day, Flynn published an op-ed in The Hill floridly praising Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan as a crucial ally against ISIS and calling for the U.S. to extradite Fethullah Gulen, a Turkish religious leader and former Erdogan ally who lives in the U.S., and whom Erdogan blamed for instigating a failed 2016 coup. Flynn complained that Barack Obama had kept Erdogan at arm’s length.
Flynn’s take was particularly surprising because he had cheered the coup on earlier in the year. “That is worth clapping for,” he said in Cleveland, adding that Erdogan “is actually very close to President Obama.” He had also complained to Seymour Hersh that Turkey hadn’t done enough to stop the flow of arms to ISIS.
Several days after the op-ed was published, The Daily Caller reported that Flynn had been hired as a lobbyist Inovo BV, a Dutch firm founded by a Turkish businessman close to Erdogan. Other outlets soon confirmed the story. Six days after the Caller’s report, Trump announced that he was naming Flynn as national security adviser.
During Friday’s White House briefing, Spicer downplayed the matter, arguing that Flynn’s decision to file (or not) was a matter for a private citizen and not the White House’s business. Each time a reporter asked whether this should have raised a red flag about Flynn’s selection to lead the National Security Council, Spicer insisted that all that mattered was whether Flynn personally followed the law, not how the handling reflected on the White House.
The fluctuating story this week raise several questions. Was Trump content hiring as his top national-security aide a man who had up until that moment been under contract to lobby for a foreign government—especially one so intermeshed with U.S. decision-making in the Middle East? Was the president personally aware of the lobbying, and if not, why did no one tell him? And why did Spicer say on Thursday that the administration had not known? Was he lying, or was he left twisting in the wind by White House officials who didn’t keep him informed? (Given the factional infighting in the White House and the administration’s penchant for needless lies, both are distinct possibilities.)
The broader question, and one that Spicer repeatedly tried to dismiss on Friday is about the president’s judgment: How on earth was Flynn ever appointed national security adviser?
Flynn’s lobbying on behalf of Turkey was not the only potentially disqualifying problem. For example, the retired general had shared bogus news items on several occasions, and his son was fired from the Trump transition effort for pumping a preposterous conspiracy theory about Clinton aides running a child-prostitution ring out of a D.C. pizzeria.
Flynn’s tenure at the Defense Intelligence Agency should probably have given Trump some pause about appointing him. His brief and hectic stint directing DIA ended with his firing by the Obama administration, which probably made him a more alluring hire for Trump but should have given pause instead. Flynn’s term suggested that while he was a brilliant intelligence officer, he was ill-suited to the management tasks required of a national security adviser.
Finally, there was the matter of Flynn’s ties to Russia, which ultimately caused his firing. In 2013, while still in uniform, he met with Russian intelligence officials, despite skepticism of many American officials. In November 2015, he traveled there for a celebration of RT, the Kremlin-backed news channel, against the advice of friends and colleagues. And during the presidential transition, Flynn spoke with the Russian ambassador to the United States, discussing sanctions levied on the Russian government by the Obama administration. Flynn then lied about those conversations, both to the public and to Pence, who repeated the denial in a CBS News interview before the election. Trump reportedly learned that Flynn had lied to Pence on January  26, but Flynn was not forced to resign until that became public knowledge.
Looking back now, Flynn’s appointment is nearly incredible—a deeply unwise choice that has reflected poorly on the White House. There is a system that is designed to avoid such catastrophic executive-branch appointments: Nominees are subject to Senate approval, which involves extensive disclosure and investigation, and sometimes forces flawed nominees to withdraw. (Just ask Andy Puzder or Tom Daschle or Linda Chavez.)
The job of the national security adviser, however, is not subject to Senate confirmation. In April 1980, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee considered whether the job should be subject to Senate approval, given the growing role and budget afforded to the post. Ultimately, the Senate opted against. Today, given the growing size, importance, and budget of the National Security Council, and given the Flynn debacle, perhaps the Senate should reconsider that decision.



ARTICLE
Business is good, in general—the stock market is booming, the economy is adding jobs, and consumer confidence is high.
But business is really good if you happen to be a member of the Trump family.
Exhibit A is Ivanka Trump’s retail business. The brands of the president’s daughter had been struggling, according to Nordstrom, which informed her in January of its intention to stop stocking her products. The company blamed sliding sales, although Nordstrom had been subject to a boycott designed to protest Donald Trump; it’s unclear how much that boycott had to do with the sales dip.
In any case, how are things going now? CNBC catches us up:

Sales of Ivanka Trump merchandise dropped 26 percent online in January compared to January 2016, but the trend reversed in February. According to Slice Intelligence, online sales of Ivanka Trump merchandise swelled 207 percent in February from the prior month.

According to an analysis of email receipts by Slice Intelligence from a panel of 4.4 million online shoppers, online sales of Ivanka Trump merchandise in February surged on Amazon, pushing the website from being the fourth largest seller of the brand to the first, replacing Nordstrom, which previously held that spot.

What made the difference? Perhaps Ivanka started offering a range of new products that suddenly appealed to more consumers. But the more likely reason is this: A top White House spokeswoman went on national TV and instructed people to buy Ivanka Trump products as an act of political activism and revenge. And they did.
“The stars have all aligned,” Eric Trump, who is Donald Trump’s son and executive vice president of the Trump Organization in charge of golf properties, told The New York Times. “I think our brand is the hottest it has ever been.”
As reporters Eric Lipton and Susanne Craig note, there are reasons for that, too. The Trump Organization has an extremely visible surrogate in the president, who continues to patronize Trump golf courses, from New Jersey to Florida. He also appeared, for example, on the cover of Golf Digest as “Golfer in Chief,” a nifty bit of marketing for Trump links.
Eric Trump told the Times that this was no different than the positive economic benefits that accrued to Crawford, Texas, when President George W. Bush visited his ranch there. But of course that analogy would only make sense if Bush had been the owner of the town of Crawford and stood to personally benefit from it, which he was not and did not.
Eric Trump then offered the paper a second defense, that the president is inextricable from his business interests, just the situation that conflict-of-interest rules are designed to answer. But the Trump family has in effect refused to reckon with those rules. Ostensibly, Donald Trump has stepped back from his businesses and turned them over to his children Eric and Donald Jr., as part of a plan to answer concerns about conflicts of interest. He claims that he will not speak to his sons about his business empire while in office. (Eric Trump posted a picture of himself at the White House Thursday, but you’ll have to take the Trump family’s word that business wasn’t discussed.)
Ethics experts have dismissed that arrangement as entirely insufficient, and the story of Trump’s golf properties prospering shows why, even if you take the Trumps at face value, the deal doesn’t work. Obviously, the president knows that if he gives Trump Organization properties lots of exposure, it will be good for them—and by extension good for him, since he didn’t divest from the company.
But are the claims of booming business believable? The golf profits are impossible to verify, since the Trump Organization is privately held and doesn’t have to make detailed disclosures—though the publicity is real. The president of Ivanka Trump’s line claims soaring sales, which is impossible to verify for similar disclosure reasons. (The Slice Intelligence figures quoted by CNBC provide a glimpse into the sales, but they cannot provide a full picture.) And the Trumps have a long record of misrepresenting the facts about their business. In The Art of the Deal, Donald Trump claimed to employ “truthful hyperbole,” which is an amusing phrase insofar as what he meant was that he was not being truthful. In a 2007 deposition about his business practices, he admitted to falsehoods 30 times.
Still, it’s entirely plausible that the Trump presidency has been very good for the Trump family business. Some analysts were warning from the start of the campaign that Trump was running for president as a publicity stunt; once he won the presidency, ethics experts warned that he could use the presidency as a tool of self-enrichment, turning the White House into the headquarters of the Trump business empire.
That provides a useful way to approach another recent news development. The White House aide who encouraged people to buy Ivanka Trump goods was Kellyanne Conway, during a February appearance on Fox and Friends. That comment appeared to clearly violate federal rules against government employees using their jobs to endorse products. The chair and ranking member of the House Oversight Committee wrote to the Office of Government Ethics, asking for an investigation and a recommendation of a punishment. OGE replied and recommended that Conway be disciplined.
The White House took a pass. “We concluded that Ms. Conway acted inadvertently and is highly unlikely to do so again,” Stefan Passantino, Trump’s top ethics lawyer replied. On Thursday, OGE wrote to the House Oversight members, expressing “concern” about the White House’s inaction.
The Trump administration’s blithe dismissal of the recommendation to discipline Conway is in keeping with its attitude toward ethics rules all along. But besides, if one goal of a Trump presidency is to bolster the Trump family’s bottom line—or if, at the very least, the president is perfectly comfortable mixing public service and private profit—why would Conway be chastised for furthering that cause?



ARTICLE
In February, pollsters at the Public Religion Research Institute asked Americans about their impressions of discrimination in the United States. Two religious groups were included on the list of those who might face bias: Christians and Muslims. Depending on who was answering, the responses were wildly different.
Overall, people were twice as likely to say Muslims face discrimination as they were to say the same thing about Christians. Democrats were four times more likely to see Muslim vs. Christian discrimination, and non-religious people more than three. White Catholics and white mainline Protestants were both in line with the American average: Each group was roughly twice as likely to say Muslims face discrimination compared to how they see the Christian experience.
The people who stuck out, whose perceptions were radically different from others in the survey, were white evangelical Protestants. Among this group, 57 percent said there’s a lot of discrimination against Christians in the U.S. today. Only 44 percent said the same thing about Muslims. They were the only religious group more likely to believe Christians face discrimination compared to Muslims.
White Evangelicals See More Discrimination Against Christians Than Muslims
Historical data suggests white evangelicals perceive even less discrimination against Muslims now than they did a few years ago—or before the election. When this question was asked in a December 2013 PRRI survey, 59 percent of white evangelicals said they think Muslims face a lot of discrimination. As late as last October, 56 percent said this was the case. As of February, that number had dropped by 12 percentage points. It’s possible that this finding is an anomaly—the sample size of white evangelicals in the February poll was smaller than in previous surveys—but it suggests a dramatic shift.
It’s difficult to quantify something as amorphous as “discrimination.” Perceptions like this might be shaped by everything from daily interactions to widely reported instances of assault, vandalism, or other intimidation motivated by bias. In terms of these kinds of hate crimes, Muslims fare far worse than Christians: 22 percent of religiously motivated crimes are against Muslims, compared to the 13.6 percent against Catholics, Protestants, Mormons, and other Christian denominations combined. Considering that Muslims are estimated to make up less than 1 percent of the American population, compared to Christians’ 70 percent, these numbers are even more stark. Jews, the group of people who are most likely to be the target of hate crimes, were not included in the PRRI survey as a category.
Meanwhile, the Trump administration used rhetoric and  introduced policies that have made members of the Muslim community fearful. Progressives have labeled the recent executive order on immigration a “Muslim ban” because it targets predominantly Muslim countries. In his speeches, the president has emphasized the threat of “radical Islamic terrorism.” And Muslims have relatively little political power compared to other religious groups: Only two of the 535 members of Congress are part of the faith.
Other factors besides hate crimes and Trump’s policies have likely shaped white evangelicals’ perceptions. The questions about discrimination were included in a survey about LGBT issues, and for good reason: More than any other issue, changing cultural and legal norms around same-sex marriage and gender identity have raised objections from Christians. A number of court decisions from the last half decade or so may feed into white evangelicals’ perception that Christians face discrimination, including Obergefell v. Hodges, the 2015 Supreme Court ruling that legalized same-sex marriage.
That decision kicked off a wave of new challenges around religious conservatives’ right not to participate in gay wedding ceremonies, among other issues. Around the country, these cases are largely being resolved not in favor of religious plaintiffs: The Washington State Supreme Court recently ruled against a Christian florist who did not want to provide services at a gay couple’s wedding, for example.
These numbers cannot explain how different groups develop their perceptions of bigotry, whether it’s the media they consume, their geographic locations, or simply the communities they know best. But the survey does suggest something remarkable: White evangelicals perceive discrimination in America in vastly different terms than all other religious groups, including their minority peers.



ARTICLE
Chris Ruddy is the Zelig of the Trump administration.  
He’s on CNN, blasting the White House chief of staff. He’s in The New York Times, discussing turmoil inside the White House. He’s tweeting from the Oval Office the day after President Trump’s first speech to a joint session of Congress. He’s offering a readout from an after-hours conversation with the president at Mar-a-Lago. He’s calling repealing Obamacare a “big quagmire,” and saying that tax reform should have come first.
Ruddy, the CEO of the conservative-media organization Newsmax, has emerged during the early weeks of President Donald Trump’s administration as an unofficial conduit from the official inner sanctum of the presidency to the outside world. Ruddy sees and speaks to the president frequently, and has popped up repeatedly on cable shows and in news stories as a sort of character witness for and explainer of Trump, who is a personal friend. He’s even inserted himself into internal White House conflicts.
Ruddy’s display of access shows the unusual degree to which Trump relies on informal outside advisers and on familiar faces from his former life, even now as president. It’s also put Newsmax in the spotlight. Because Ruddy isn’t just a friend of the president’s—he’s also in control of a media organization that played a crucial, and largely unheralded, role in Trump’s ascent.
On the evening of Friday, February 10, Ruddy shared a drink with the president at Mar-a-Lago. Two days later, he went on Brian Stelter’s CNN show and delivered a shot across the bow to the president’s chief of staff. "I think Reince Priebus, good guy, well-intentioned, but he clearly doesn't know how the federal agencies work,” he said. “He doesn't have a real good system. He doesn't know how the communications flow."
Ruddy’s comments sparked a media frenzy. Was he speaking for the president? Had Trump said this to him?
The walk-back came later that same day, with Ruddy tweeting “Reince just briefed me on new WH plans. Impressive! CNN today my personal view. Told him I have 'open mind' based on his results.”
Ruddy told me the president had not spoken to him about Priebus at Mar-a-Lago. “The president I’d seen on Friday night after the Abe dinner, we had a drink together,” Ruddy said. “It was never raised, Reince.”  
“I was just giving my opinion, I’ve done that always,” Ruddy said. And the incident hasn’t discouraged him from doing so; in my interview with him, Ruddy speculated that Trump might not run for a second term, arguing that “certain people need it emotionally. I don’t think he needs it emotionally.”
According to Ruddy, Trump appreciates his media efforts on his behalf. After a CNN appearance in December, he said, Trump “called me a few days later during my Christmas party and said ‘Thank you, I can’t always go on these shows and defend myself.’”  
And the weekend after the controversy over Priebus, Ruddy was spotted having dinner with Trump, Priebus, and White House chief strategist Steve Bannon in Palm Beach.
Newsmax took Trump seriously early on, well before he finally followed through with his oft-repeated threats to run for president. “No disrespect to Breitbart—before there was Breitbart, there was Newsmax,” said the Republican pollster Tony Fabrizio, who is friends with Ruddy and worked on Trump’s campaign. “Before the president was probably an avid reader of Breitbart he was an avid reader of Newsmax. Chris and the president developed a relationship several years ago primarily through and with Newsmax.”
“The only outlets who took us seriously were Newsmax, Breitbart, and Fox News,” said Sam Nunberg, a former Trump adviser. “And even Fox News wasn’t that serious about him running, they would just have him on out of ratings. Our two major outlets were Newsmax and Breitbart.”
For Nunberg, Breitbart was useful as the ideological messenger that would fight for Trump’s agenda. But Newsmax was where Trump was able to refine his political image as an outsider, entrepreneur, and independent Republican over the course of several years.
“Breitbart was stronger on immigration but Newsmax overall—I thought it was more helpful for shaping [Trump’s] overall political profile,” Nunberg said.
“Newsmax is one of the earliest promoters of Trump,” said Roger Stone, the Republican operative and informal Trump adviser. “They were in fact promoting Trump for president in 2012. Ruddy has always been a Trump promoter when others were not yet taking his candidacy seriously or his potential candidacy seriously.”
Ruddy launched Newsmax in 1998 with $300,000 in investments, according to a 2014 profile in Bloomberg Businessweek. At the time, Businessweek reported that the organization, which was then launching its TV channel, had 260 employees; Ruddy told me this week that it currently has 225.
The business today is built around the website, 17 print publications, a TV channel (which is on Verizon and Fios but has not yet been picked up by major cable systems like Comcast and Time Warner), and a set of large email lists which are significant money-makers for Newsmax. Its lists cover a broad range of topics, and according to Ruddy, it has over 6 million individual email subscriptions.
The size of Newsmax’s email lists help account for some of its influence in Republican politics, as campaigns and advocacy groups buy the lists in order to reach Republican voters. The Trump campaign used Newsmax’s list for fundraising, raising $800,000 using it, Nunberg said. “They advertised with us as did many other campaigns,” Ruddy said in an email. “I think their total spend was around $100K to $200K, some super pacs did buys in 2016, not a huge amount.”
According to one Republican operative with knowledge of Newsmax’s lists, a “send”—the opportunity to send an email through one of the lists—costs “anywhere between $3000 (for testing purposes) and $15,000.”
“They have a price sheet of the cost of the send per thousand addresses. Sometimes, there is a profit sharing arrangement instead of a fixed cost, or a combination,” the operative said. “Tea Party groups and failed presidential candidates were popular.”
Ruddy said he wouldn’t disclose the company’s exact finances but said the business is profitable, apart from the TV channel, which “has been losing some money but we like the progress we’re making.”
It’s not just Trump who has seen Newsmax’s potential to reach the Republican base. A New York Times story from 2011 described how Republican candidates ritualistically visited Newsmax’s Florida headquarters. But Ruddy’s personal connection to Trump combined with his role running a conservative outlet with wide reach made him a key contact for the Trump campaign, though Ruddy says he “wasn’t close to the campaign.”
“Chris was high on my list of somebody I would talk to for guidance when I worked for Trump and in the rest of the political cycle,” Nunberg said.
Ruddy says he first met Trump about 20 years ago. Both men split their time between New York and Palm Beach, where they are part of an established Republican social milieu. South Florida is home to some of the most important figures in Republican politics, including Matt Drudge and Rush Limbaugh. Ruddy is a member of Trump’s club, Mar-a-Lago, where entry fees now reportedly start at $200,000 a year and where Trump has been spending nearly every weekend since being sworn into the presidency in January.
“He’s been very social and active,” Ruddy said. “He meets a lot of people, including myself, down there pretty frequently.”
That’s something else Ruddy shares with Trump; both men are avid socializers. “He loves dinners, he loves to talk, he loves to meet people,” said the conservative commentator Larry Kudlow, a Ruddy friend whom Ruddy floated for an administration job last year. Kudlow described how Ruddy, a practicing Catholic, brought Kudlow and other friends to Rome for the canonization of Pope John Paul II and Pope John XXIII in 2014.
Ruddy dines at Mar-a-Lago frequently “in season,” he said, visiting the club on Friday or Saturday nights. Ruddy said he does not see the president every night Trump is there. Over the years, the two men have had contact in Florida, sometimes in New York, and “occasionally” talked on the phone, Ruddy said.
“Obviously I do have a relationship where I do understand the president,” Ruddy said. “I don’t know his thinking on every major issue but I sometimes understand how he approaches things.”
And he has taken it upon himself to offer that understanding of the president to the press. “I think there’s a lot of people close to him and friendly with him who are afraid of talking to the press because they think press is so hostile to him,” Ruddy said. “I felt I had a comfort level with many in the press and understand the press so I figured it might be a good thing for me to go out and talk about my relationship with the president and his ideas.”
Ruddy said he’d made his visit to the Oval Office last week to take Nancy Brinker, a “longtime friend of mine and Donald’s” and the founder of breast-cancer charity Susan G. Komen, “to talk to the president about cancer priorities.”*
Ruddy, 52, founded Newsmax in 1998. His media career began as a journalist; he worked for the New York Post and later for the Richard Mellon Scaife-backed Pittsburgh Tribune-Review during the 1990s. During this time Ruddy played a key role in the conservative media’s war against the Clinton administration—and in the conspiracy theories that blossomed around the Clintons.
His book The Strange Death of Vincent Foster: An Investigation, published in 1997, explored the suicide of Deputy White House Counsel Vince Foster in 1993. Foster’s death became a linchpin for conspiracy theories about whether the Clintons actually had him killed. A Slate review of Ruddy’s book described him as the “Inspector Clouseau of the Foster case—a determined, if bumbling, former New York Post reporter who has virtually single-handedly spawned a cottage industry of conspiracy buffs dedicated to the proposition that a foul and monstrous cover-up surrounds the circumstances of Foster's death.”
Curiously enough, Ruddy has since become a Clinton friend, and has donated large sums to the Clinton Foundation—a fact that earned him negative coverage in Breitbart last year. Ruddy defended the Clintons against claims made in Peter Schweizer’s book Clinton Cash during the campaign; he told me he still has a good relationship with Bill Clinton.
Despite his early work on Clinton, like Trump, Ruddy himself is not an ideologue.
“He leans right in the way that I lean left but I think we like each other because we both believe in rebuilding the center,” said Harvard Law professor Alan Dershowitz, a friend of Ruddy’s. “He’s a centrist Republican but I think he has a populist streak in him. But he’s not a hard-right guy. I don’t see him as a Breitbart-Bannon guy.”
“I’m not a registered Republican but I always said truth in advertising: My sympathies are with the Republican Party,” Ruddy told me. “I consider myself a Reagan conservative.”
The pace of Ruddy’s media appearances defending Trump has only increased since the Priebus incident. This past weekend, Ruddy again inserted himself into the middle of the biggest story: this time, Trump’s unfounded allegations on Saturday that Barack Obama’s administration ordered wiretaps of Trump Tower before the election.
“I spoke with the President twice yesterday about the wiretap story,” Ruddy wrote on Newsmax.com on Sunday. “I haven’t seen him this pissed off in a long time. When I mentioned Obama “denials” about the wiretaps, he shot back: ‘This will be investigated, it will all come out. I will be proven right.’”
But Ruddy’s defense of Trump went slightly awry. He had a rough time of it on Chris Matthews’s MSNBC show on Tuesday when Matthews pressed him on a story in Newsmax.com from 2016 that reported that Trump had met with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak at a “VIP reception” with three other ambassadors—a significant tidbit considering the swirling controversy over Kislyak’s contacts with Trump campaign officials during the campaign.
“What is the crime even if he did meet with the Russians?” Ruddy asked. Ruddy also seemed unfamiliar with the Newsmax report Matthews was referring to. (“We publish like 10K articles a year,” Ruddy told me in an email later. “He referenced an article, it was actually a story we picked up from the Wall Street Journal, didn’t originate w[ith] us, he knew that and didn’t share that fact w[ith] the audience.”)
It’s a better time than ever to be a media mogul with a direct line to the president. A recent Washington Post column speculated that Ruddy might be trying to use his relationship with the president to re-position Newsmax for the Trump era in the face of ascendant competitors like Breitbart.
Or it could be simpler than that. “He’s a guy who likes knowing a lot of people,” said one friend of Ruddy’s who spoke on condition of anonymity. “He likes knowing Bill Clinton, he likes knowing Donald Trump. He’s fond of having a broad circle of famous acquaintances.”
“He’s got an eye to his brand, I guess everybody has to these days,” the friend said.
* This article has been updated to clarify that it was Ruddy who arranged the visit to the Oval Office.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump won Kansas last November by just over 20 points, and in the coming days he’s expected to give the Jayhawk State’s voters their reward: a new governor.
The president reportedly will name Governor Sam Brownback as the UN ambassador for food and agriculture, ending his second term nearly two years early. It’s not exactly the most prestigious post in the Trump administration, considering it’s decidedly less than Cabinet rank, and conservatives are angling to cut off U.S. funding for the UN over its treatment of Israel. Based in Rome and once held by George McGovern, the position assists in the UN’s efforts to combat world hunger.
At this point, Brownback may be looking for any chance to escape a job that’s been going south virtually since the moment he won reelection in 2014. And don’t expect most Kansans to resent Brownback for abandoning his office: A seemingly never-ending budget crisis has made him one of the nation’s most unpopular governors, and polls taken last year found that barely one-in-four voters approved of his performance.
“The people can’t stand him here,” a legislator in Brownback’s own party, Representative Stephanie Clayton, told me last month.
The appointment isn’t official yet. Brownback wouldn’t comment on the possibility to reporters in Kansas, according to The Kansas City Star, although he did confirm his lifelong interest in humanitarian issues. A spokeswoman for Brownback said only that he was “focused on working with the Kansas legislature to balance the budget and pass a modern school funding system.” And Michael Short, a White House spokesman, neither confirmed nor denied that Trump had offered Brownback the position.
A soft landing in the Trump administration would come as little surprise to political observers in Kansas, where the possibility has been rumored for some time. Brownback is close to Vice President Mike Pence and though he endorsed Senator Marco Rubio during the GOP primaries, he was not highly critical of Trump.
Brownback suffered his latest blow last week, when the Kansas Supreme Court ruled that the state’s funding of public schools violated the constitutional rights of minority students. As we’ve documented, he’s already facing a rebellion in the Republican-controlled legislature, which came within a few votes of overriding the governor’s veto of a bill reversing the steep tax cuts he enacted early in his term. When the Senate brought up his own budget proposal, it was defeated on a 37-1 vote. Lawmakers have predicted that Brownback’s tax cuts would be rolled back in some form in a final budget agreement.
Whether the governor will be around to see it is unclear. The UN post requires Senate confirmation, which could take weeks or even months. Brownback’s departure would elevate Lieutenant Governor Jeff Colyer, who has served alongside Brownback for his entire tenure. Lawmakers told the Kansas City Star that Colyer was a relative unknown in Topeka, making his impact on the budget negotiations difficult to gauge.
Brownback would be the third sitting Republican governor to leave his post for an ambassadorship under Trump; Nikki Haley, the now-former governor of South Carolina, is the UN ambassador, and Iowa Governor Terry Branstad is awaiting confirmation as ambassador to China. (Governor Chris Christie is still waiting for Trump to come calling in New Jersey.) For Brownback, the food-and-agriculture posting wouldn’t be much of a promotion. The Kansas Center for Economic Growth joked that it was an “emergency evacuation plan.” Or you could call it the political equivalent of a golden parachute—one that would take the beleaguered governor all the way to Rome.



ARTICLE
Using a PowerPoint presentation, House Speaker Paul Ryan made the case for the new health-care bill and told Republicans “this is the closest we will ever get to repealing and replacing Obamacare.” Two House committees approved the legislation after several hours of debate. Scott Pruitt, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency, said in an interview that carbon dioxide is not a “primary contributor” to global warming, a statement that goes against scientific evidence to the contrary. Former Utah Governor Jon Huntsman reportedly accepted Trump’s offer to serve as the U.S. ambassador to Russia. In an interview with Politico, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell dismissed Donald Trump’s claim that Mexico will pay for the construction of a wall on the U.S.- Mexico border.
The Atlantic is hosting a conference call for subscribers between David Frum, author of our March cover story, "How to Build an Autocracy," and Yoni Appelbaum, senior politics editor. On Friday, the two will go behind the story; analyze recent developments with the Trump presidency; and respond to readers' questions. Subscribe today to receive your invitation.

A Blame Game?: CNN reports that President Trump met with critics of the House Republicans’ new health-care proposal, and told them that if a repeal-and-replace bill doesn’t succeed, he will “allow Obamacare to fail and let Democrats take the blame.” (Jim Acosta)
Not So Bad: As a religious conservative with anti-government zeal, Vice President Mike Pence is “everything the contemporary Democratic Party hates.” Several top Democrats admitted to BuzzFeed, however, that these days they would sleep better at night under a Pence administration. (Steven Perlberg and Lissandra Villa)
The Art of the Spy: The 9/11 attacks required the CIA to develop new methods of spying to fight the war on terror, writes Alex Finley. Rather than rubbing elbows at cocktail parties, officers had to find enemies “who hid in hillsides and remote compounds in hostile territory.” Now, amid turmoil with Russia, will the agency be forced to revert back to old practices? (Politico)
‘A Work in Progress’: In an interview with Katie Couric, Republican Senator Susan Collins explained why she thinks the new health-care bill won’t be “well-received” in the Senate, and criticized the proposal to defund Planned Parenthood. (Liz Goodwin, Yahoo News)
The Price Is Right: In California, people convicted of serious crimes can avoid traditional jail—for a fee. The state’s “pay-to-stay” facilities started as a way to ease jail overcrowding, but they have evolved into a two-tiered justice system where inmates can buy their way into safe, comfortable jail stays. (Alysia Santo, Victoria Kim, and Anna Flagg, The Marshall Project)
 
A Small Percentage: Republicans have criticized Obamacare for raising insurance premiums. This interactive graphic shows how many people were actually affected by premium increases. (Troy Griggs, Karen Yourish, and Margot Sanger-Katz, The New York Times)
This week, a Northern Virginia school district is shutting down for the day after a number of staff members asked for the day off to participate in “A Day Without a Woman,” a day of protest to highlight the contributions of women to society. A few weeks ago, a number of restaurants and fast-food chains closed down for “A Day Without Immigrants” to spotlight immigrant contributions to the United States. Fill in the blank with a group of people you think deserves to be commemorated, and tell us why: A Day Without ___ .
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
It’s health-care time, and the legislating is not easy. Congressmen are jumping away from the plan, and Tom Cotton is skeptical of the House Republican approach to replacing Obamacare. Thursday morning, the GOP senator from Arkansas tweeted:

1. House health-care bill can't pass Senate w/o major changes. To my friends in House: pause, start over. Get it right, don't get it fast.
— Tom Cotton (@TomCottonAR) March 9, 2017
Cotton’s declaration is ominous for the bill’s hopes, which were already sagging. The bill has come under fire from multiple conservative factions, and it’s unclear whether it can even pass the House, let alone survive the Senate.
The bill’s precarious status makes President Trump’s approach all the more interesting. At the beginning of the week, Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price was cautiously declining to call the proposal “Trumpcare.” But over the last two days, the White House has decided to drive hard, putting as much muscle as it can behind the bill. Trump has met with House Republican deputy whip team. He has been meeting with and courting the bill’s skeptics. He’s promising he can get enough votes to pass the plan. Mike Pence is traveling the country to drum up support, and the president reportedly plans to hit the road soon, as well.
The sudden sprint has encouraged reporters to bring out terms redolent of Trump’s past career: “Trump goes into dealmaking mode,” says The Washington Post. “Trump in ‘sell mode’ on health care,” adds ABC News. The best metaphor might go back to Trump’s days running casinos, though. The president is making a big bet.
One side of the wager is the idea that he has enough political capital to push through some sort of repeal bill. The problem is, as my colleague Russell Berman reports, that Congress has a narrow window in which to push through the new health plan. So what happens if Cotton proves correct, and the bill fails?
According to CNN, Trump has a contingency plan:

In an Oval Office meeting featuring leaders of conservative groups that already lining up against House Republicans' plan to repeal and replace Obamacare, President Donald Trump revealed his plan in the event the GOP effort doesn't succeed: Allow Obamacare to fail and let Democrats take the blame, sources at the gathering told CNN.

Even if that is Trump’s hedge, he’s charting a precarious path, which is premised on his own ability to separate himself from Republicans in Congress.
Actually, every path is daunting. Let’s say that Trump gets Republicans to coalesce around the replacement plans. That could be, as Democrats can well attest from their experience passing the Affordable Care Act in the first place, a dicey proposition. Millions of people, many of them Republican voters in November, would likely lose their coverage or see the price go up. For the first time in its life, Obamacare has a net favorable rating with voters, but it struggled as long as Democrats were in control. Voters seem to hate anyone messing with their health care, even when they don’t like it that much, and will penalize the party that does that.
Now, let’s say that the bill fails, and GOP leaders can’t salvage something. That would certainly be embarrassing for them. The Republican Party has spent the last seven years railing against Obamacare and promising to eliminate it at the earliest chance. Voters have now given them a chance, with unified control of the White House, House, and Senate. As Speaker Paul Ryan put it Thursday, “This is the closest we will ever get to repealing and replacing Obamacare.” How can they justify not getting it done?
One answer is to leave Obamacare in place and let it fail. That plan depends on Obamacare actually failing. While the law would struggle without the marketing the Obama administration put behind it, it’s unclear that it would collapse outright. In any case, the liberal journalist Greg Sargent sees this as an effective strategy:

If the law survives, Trump can spend the next couple of years claiming that it is collapsing all around us—or rather that it continues to collapse, since it is already collapsing as we speak. And Republican voters will of course believe that this is the case, since it is an unshakable truism for them that the law has already failed in spectacular fashion.

Accepting this requires a very cynical view of Republican voters, and of Republican members of Congress, believing that they don’t actually care about repealing the law and that, in the case of the voters, they won’t have been following the news. One lesson of the fights over the debt ceiling in the last few years is that conservative members really care about their priorities, even when misbegotten. One needn’t agree that repeal is good to believe that many Republicans sincerely want to get rid of the law. If the GOP Congress fail in its repeal effort and then just gives up and moves on, it’s reasonable to expect that some of its members will face primary challenges in 2018, and that voters will penalize some of them, though it’s tough to know how deep the impact would be.
Now, perhaps Trump thinks he can separate himself from congressional Republicans and let them take the backlash. He’s not on the ballot in 2018, after all, and he has shown repeatedly that he has little loyalty to the Republican Party except insofar as it is advancing his interests.
That might work, but it might not. If Trump wasn’t busy burning his bridges with Barack Obama, the former president might provide a cautionary tale. Obama decided to push through the Affordable Care Act at the start of his term, at political cost. Trump has opted to make repeal his top priority at the outset, which both marries him to the effort and also means he isn’t notching other political victories. Trump, even more than Obama, comes across as cavalier about his party’s fate in the House, but he will miss it if it’s gone or depleted, just as Obama did.
Trump has always loved big gambles, and they’ve also sometimes blown up in his face. In the business world, he showed a remarkable knack for bouncing back. But the presidency is different, and if his health-care wager comes out poorly, though, he won’t have the option of declaring bankruptcy and laying low for a few years.



ARTICLE
When most political leaders confront a moment of crisis, needing to salvage their careers or a prized piece of legislation, they deliver a speech.
Not Paul Ryan.
His healthcare bill faltering, the self-described “policy guy” now serving as speaker of the House turned to the one sales method he’s always excelled at: the PowerPoint presentation. So on Thursday, Ryan took off his jacket, rolled up his sleeves, clipped a microphone onto his tie and explained, slide by slide, why Congress should pass—and the public should support—the American Health Care Act as a replacement for Obamacare.
As he has before, the speaker described the current health law as “collapsing,” its mandates on individuals and businesses as “arrogant and paternalistic,” a system “riddled with regulations driving up the costs for American consumers.” He argued that the proposal before the House would make everything better—preserving the core protections that people like while freeing up choices and competition to drive down costs.
Ryan had a bigger audience that he usually has; excited by the visual shift from the speaker’s staid weekly press conferences, all three major cable news networks carried his presentation. But the group that Ryan really wanted to reach was much smaller: the Republican lawmakers—mostly conservatives—who are balking at the leadership’s bill and who will ultimately determine in the next few weeks whether it advances.
To those members, Ryan’s most important message came at the end, and it boiled down to just a couple of sentences that have nothing to do with health-care policy. “This is the closest we will ever get to repealing and replacing Obamacare,” Ryan said. “It really comes down to a binary choice.”
It’s now or never, and it’s this or nothing.
Over the last 48 hours, the question swirling over the White House and the Capitol was whether President Trump and the Republican leadership would accede to conservative requests to significantly rewrite the bill Ryan and his committee chairmen released on Monday. Everyone seemed to get a different answer. Conservative lawmakers and advocates left separate meetings with Vice President Mike Pence at the Capitol and Trump at the White House believing the administration was open to changes and negotiation. About an hour before Ryan spoke, the Republican Study Committee—the large bloc of conservatives in the House—endorsed two significant amendments that would freeze enrollment in Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion and institute work requirements for the program. Members of the smaller but more confrontational House Freedom Caucus want to axe the proposal’s refundable tax credits, which they call a new entitlement program.
Ryan, however, made clear that these ideas wouldn’t fly. Asked by a reporter whether his argument meant that the bill would have to pass without significant changes, he replied: “Correct.” The speaker explained that Republicans were limited by the Senate’s strict budget reconciliation rules requiring that any changes to current law involve taxes and spending, not policy changes. They need to use reconciliation to pass the bill with a simple majority and skirt a Democratic filibuster. Moreover, the speaker knows, but didn’t say, that if conservatives succeed in pushing the bill much further to the right, the leadership could lose the support of moderates, especially those who hold much greater sway in the Senate.
Ryan preached patience by saying the current bill is just one part of a three-step process. The Trump administration, he explained, will also reform health care using administrative powers granted in the Affordable Care Act. And then ultimately, Republicans will finish the job with legislation that is subject to the Senate filibuster, and thus, crucially, will require Democratic support.
Demonstrating the leadership’s commitment to the current bill, two House committees met through the night—more than 50 hours in total—and advanced the legislation without adopting a single substantive amendment. Trump has put on a full-court press at the White House, inviting leading conservative critics for a meeting Wednesday night, dining with Senator Ted Cruz in the evening, and lunching with more conservative House members on Thursday. Another group is going to the White House for a bowling night next week, and Trump reportedly is considering a visit to Kentucky, home of the Senate’s most vocal opponent of the House bill, Rand Paul.
Even as the president tries to woo conservatives with a personal touch, backers of the House leadership bill are running ads in the districts of Freedom Caucus members, urging them to “stand with President Trump.” Inside a House GOP meeting on Wednesday, the party whip, Representative Steve Scalise, made still a more aggressive push, telling members that to oppose the leadership’s bill would be to support Obamacare and side with Nancy Pelosi, the Democrat who passed it, The Hill reported.
Like Ryan, the White House tried to downplay opposition to the bill, which now includes major industry groups representing doctors, hospitals, insurers, and the 38 million members of the AARP. “Despite what you hear in the press, health care is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!” Trump tweeted. Later in the afternoon, press secretary Sean Spicer offered a Joe Namath-like guarantee: “This will land on the president’s desk,” he told reporters. “He will sign it.”
Shortly after he finished, the Freedom Caucus reiterated its call for the House to first pass a clean repeal of Obamacare along the lines of a bill former President Barack Obama vetoed in 2015. Republican Representative Justin Amash responded even more directly to Ryan. “‘Binary choice’ fallacy is a tool partisans on both sides use to quash policy debate and avoid difficult job of persuading and legislating,” he tweeted.
Ryan’s TedTalk presentation was both a laudably detailed, substantive argument in favor of his bill, and given the moment, an act of desperation. The facts and figures he deployed obscured the much harder sell he made at the end. And if the speaker was hoping for immediate results, he didn’t appear to get them.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s ability to make outlandish claims is not unusual; after all, if you’re unconstrained by facts or evidence, there’s no limit to the claims you can make. His success has depended on convincing other people to agree with, or at least to publicly back his claims. Mexico will pay for the wall? Sure. Widespread voter fraud? Of course. Terrorist attacks in Sweden? Why not?
But for once, the president seems to have made a claim that even his staunchest defenders—including those whose job is to do so—are unwilling to stand behind: his allegation that Barack Obama “had my ‘wires tapped’  just before the victory.”
During an interview with Cleveland TV station WEWS on Wednesday, Vice President Mike Pence was questioned on the allegation. Reporter John Kosich (no, not a typo, and not the governor), asked, “Yes or no—do you believe that President Obama did that?”
Pence declined to answer directly. “Well, what I can say is that the president and our administration are very confident that the congressional committees in the House and Senate that are examining issues surrounding the last election, the run-up to the last election, will do that in a thorough and equitable way. They'll look at those issues, they'll look at other issues that have been raised.”
In short, if Pence believes the allegations are true, he’s unwilling to say it. Or else Pence recognizes that the accusation is unfounded, and sees little upside in antagonizing the intelligence community and signing on to what looks at the moment like a conspiracy theory.
Pence isn’t the only tight-lipped member of Trump administration. Since Trump’s outburst on Twitter on Saturday, Press Secretary Sean Spicer has tried to sidestep the matter time and again. On Sunday, the White House issued a statement saying that “Neither the White House nor the President will comment further until such oversight is conducted,” as though Trump himself had not opened the can of worms and set it out on the counter.
On Monday, during an off-camera press briefing, he told reporters, “I'm just going to let the tweet speak for itself.” This is a puzzling response for a couple of reasons. The first is that the tweets don’t remotely speak for themselves: They lodge an extremely serious accusation without any semblance of evidence or even explanation for how Trump “just found out” about the alleged wiretapping. The second is that it is literally Spicer’s job to speak for the president.
On Tuesday, reporters tried again, and Spicer again pointed to the statement saying the White House would not comment. They asked why, if the president had evidence of a wiretap, he couldn’t just say so, to which Spicer offered a hand-waving claim that it would violate separation of powers, though he did not explain why the executive branch disclosing information about the executive branch would be a violation. Eventually, reporters asked Spicer whether he himself believed Obama had ordered a wiretap, a question he also declined to answer.
The reaction to Trump’s accusation followed an interesting arc. The first wave was, Look at the latest craziest thing the president has said! The second wave went something like, Well, but actually ... The Obama years showed the vast amounts of data intelligence agencies were sweeping up. Even if Obama did not order a wiretap on Trump, it’s possible that Trump could have been swept up in an investigation of contacts between his team and the Russian government. Analysts parsed denials by various Obama and intelligence officials, looking for ways their answers might leave loopholes. The fact that former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, who appears to have misled Congress and the public about spying, was one of those making the denials made them ripe for nitpicking.
But on Wednesday, Spicer threw cold water on many of those ideas, saying both that “there is no reason to believe that [Trump] is the target of any investigation” and that “there is no reason to believe that there is any type of investigation with respect to the Department of Justice.”
As Mark Landler of The New York Times summed it up, these denials create a tricky choice: “Either the president’s assertions are baseless, or he may have implicated himself in a government investigation of contacts between his presidential campaign and Russia.” There is, one supposes, a third, highly unlikely scenario, which is that Obama has a private team of spies, a la the Watergate plumbers, conducting wiretaps on his personal behalf, something Trump suggested by tweeting, “This is Nixon/Watergate.” But no one has offered any evidence of that, either.
Based on a previous pattern, where Trump’s tweets can often be traced to a news report in one of a few conservative outlets, there’s been wide speculation that Trump “found out” about the wire taps was from the conservative radio host Mark Levin and stories in Breitbart. The unwillingness of figures like Pence and Spicer to stand behind Trump’s allegations, and the White House’s refusal to provide any sort of evidence, only makes this theory look more likely, and Trump’s claims that much more unwise. Perhaps the White House won’t reveal its evidence because all it has is a Breitbart clip.
Despite his reluctance to speak about Trump’s allegations, Spicer may have unintentionally offered the most incisive commentary on the case during Tuesday’s briefing, when he was asked why the White House wouldn’t just share what it knows.
“It’s a no-win situation,” Spicer replied. Who can argue with that?




ARTICLE
It’s a diplomat’s job to meet people, and Sergey Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the United States, seems to be good at it.
Moscow’s longtime representative in Washington is now at the center of an American political firestorm for his meetings with top Trump campaign officials during the course of the 2016 presidential election. It’s not unusual for foreign diplomats to mix with American officials and political operatives—in fact, it’s among their chief responsibilities. But these encounters came amid what the intelligence community has described as an unprecedented Russian cyberwarfare campaign to undermine both Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign and the American electoral system.
Kislyak’s meetings have already had profound political consequences for the nascent Trump administration. President Trump fired Michael Flynn, his national security adviser, last month for misleading the White House about his contacts with the Russian diplomat during the transition. Two weeks later, Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from overseeing the federal investigation into Russian interference after reports of his meetings with Kislyak surfaced—meetings that Sessions had not informed the Senate Judiciary Committee about during his confirmation.
To understand who met whom, when they met each other, and the context surrounding their meetings, here’s a timeline of the encounters between Trump associates and Kislyak—the trivial, the not-so-trivial, and more.
February 1: The Iowa caucuses are held, marking the official start of the 2016 presidential primary season. Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic caucus, while Donald Trump takes second place in the Republican contest.
February 28: Jeff Sessions, then a U.S. senator from Alabama and now the attorney general, formally endorses Trump for president. He becomes a high-profile surrogate during the Republican primaries, and the campaign subsequently names him chair of Trump’s national-security advisory committee on March 3.
April 27: Trump briefly meets Kislyak in a pre-event reception line shortly before Trump delivers a major foreign-policy speech at an event hosted by the Center for the National Interest in Washington. Kislyak was among a group of ambassadors invited by the center to attend the event. Sessions was also in attendance, although there’s no evidence he met Kislyak at the reception.
“The line moved quickly and any conversations with Mr. Trump in that setting were inherently brief and could not be private,” the center said in a March 8, 2017, statement. “Our recollection is that the interaction between Mr. Trump and Ambassador Kislyak was limited to the polite exchange of pleasantries appropriate on such occasions.”
May 4: Trump becomes the presumptive Republican nominee for president after Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Ohio Governor John Kasich withdraw from the race.
June 6: Clinton secures enough delegates to become the presumptive Democratic nominee for president.
June 14: The Democratic National Committee publicly reveals that Russian hackers had broken into the party’s servers and accessed emails and opposition research.
July 7: Carter Page, a national-security adviser for the Trump campaign, speaks at a graduation ceremony at the New Economy School in Moscow. During the speech, Page criticized the U.S. and other Western powers for “[impeding] potential progress through their often hypocritical focus on ideas such as democratization, inequality, corruption and regime change.” Politico later reported that Corey Lewandowski, the Trump campaign manager at the time, signed off on the trip as long as Page didn’t make it as an official campaign representative.
July 18: Sessions briefly speaks with Kislyak at a Heritage Foundation event on the first day of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio. According to the Washington Post, the meeting occurred when Sessions met with Kislyak and a small group of other foreign dignitaries after delivering remarks.
At the same event, Kislyak also separately meets and speaks with Page and J.D. Gordon, two national-security advisers to the Trump campaign. Gordon told USA Today it was an “informal conversation,” while Page said he had “no substantive discussions” with the ambassador.
July 21: Trump formally accepts the Republican nomination for president on the last day of the convention.
July 23: Wikileaks publishes 22,000 emails stolen from the Democratic National Committee on the eve of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigns after some of the emails appear to show her favoring Clinton over Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders, reopening political wounds between the two factions.
July 27: In what would be his last press conference before Election Day, Trump urges Russian intelligence agencies to find emails Clinton deleted from the private server she used during her tenure as secretary of state. “Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing,” he said. “I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press.” In a subsequent tweet, he also calls on Russia to share any Clinton emails it finds with the FBI.
July 28: Clinton formally accepts the Democratic nomination for president.
September 8: Sessions privately meets Kislyak at Sessions’ Senate office in the presence of his Senate staff. In a letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee on March 6, 2017, Sessions told lawmakers he “[does] not recall any discussions with the Russian Ambassador, or any other representative of the Russian government, regarding the political campaign on these occasions or any other occasion.”
October 7: U.S. intelligence officials publicly accuse the Russian government of trying to interfere in the 2016 election by hacking the Democratic National Committee and other American political organizations. Later that afternoon, the Washington Post publishes tapes from a 2005 Access Hollywood appearance in which Trump brags about committing sexual assault. A few hours after the Post story goes online, Wikileaks publishes thousands of hacked emails from Clinton campaign manager John Podesta’s email account.
October 28: FBI Director James Comey sends a letter to members of Congress informing lawmakers the agency is reviewing emails related to Clinton’s use of a private server. He subsequently announces the agency will take no new action against Clinton on November 6.
November 8: Trump defeats Clinton in the general election.
November 17: Trump names Michael Flynn to be his national security adviser.
November 18: Trump announces he’ll nominate Sessions to be attorney general.
Early December: Flynn and Jared Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law, privately meet with Kislyak at Trump Tower in New York City. White House spokeswoman Hope Hicks told the New York Times in March 2017 that the meeting lasted 20 minutes and that its purpose was to “establish a line of communication” between the Russian government and the new administration.
December 9: President Obama orders U.S. intelligence agencies to provide him with a report on Russian interference during the election by January 20.
December 29: The Obama administration expels 35 Russian diplomats from the United States and announces new sanctions against the Russian government for its role in the DNC and Podesta hacks. That same day, Flynn speaks with Kislyak multiple times by phone. Their conversations are reportedly discovered by U.S. intelligence officials monitoring the ambassador’s calls, and become part of the broader federal investigation into the Russian government’s contacts with the Trump campaign.
December 30: Russian President Vladimir Putin says his country would not retaliate against the U.S. sanctions, claiming Russia “will not stoop to the level of irresponsible ‘kitchen’ diplomacy.” Shortly after the announcement, Trump tweets, “Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!”
January 6: In a 26-page report released by Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, the U.S. intelligence community concludes the Russian government carried out cyberattacks and leaked stolen documents to harm Clinton’s candidacy and undermine confidence in the American democratic system.
January 11: Five days after being briefed by U.S. intelligence officials, Trump tells reporters, “As for the hacking, I think it was Russian,” his first assignment of blame to Moscow after months of equivocation.
January 20: President Trump is sworn in as the 45th president of the United States. Kislyak, along with other members of the diplomatic corps, is in attendance.



ARTICLE
Earlier this year, David Frum, a senior editor at The Atlantic, wrote about “The Roots of a Counterproductive Immigration Policy.” Conor Friedersdorf, an Atlantic staff writer, takes a different view of the issue. What follows is a constructive exchange between two colleagues trying to understand each other’s perspectives on one of the central political issues of our time.
—Yoni Appelbaum
Conor Friedersdorf: David, your piece on immigration policy is an intriguing contribution to debate on the subject. Typically, folks marshal moral or economic arguments for more or less immigration.
Your insight is that the optimal number of immigrants cannot be divorced from public opinion. You observed that, prior to the political rise of Donald Trump, political elites in the U.S. and Europe favored higher levels immigration than the citizenries they represented. And you attributed the rise of illiberal populists in multiple countries partly to the liberal failure to more closely restrict immigration. I want to quote your words, because you put the argument powerfully:

When liberals insist that only fascists will defend borders, then voters will hire fascists to do the job liberals won’t do.

Put another way, you think liberals should settle for lower levels of immigration than they prefer, if only to avoid a backlash that ultimately harms liberals and immigrants.
Your argument reached me just as I was returning to the work of Karen Stenner, who wrote a book about the forces that tear countries apart. Some people, who she calls “libertarians,” strongly prefer freedom and diversity, she wrote, while others, who she calls “authoritarians,” possess a perhaps innate discomfort with difference. They prize sameness and unity, even if coercion is needed to enforce it. Countries devolve into conflict when the predispositions of the authoritarians are activated.
They hire fascists to do jobs that liberals won’t do.
In her telling, showily, absolutely insisting on unconstrained diversity “pushes those by nature least equipped to live comfortably in a liberal democracy not to the limits of their tolerance, but to their intolerant extremes.” And once authoritarians are activated, the outcome depends in part on how its conservatives react. If they side with the authoritarians, repressive policies follow. But under the right conditions, conservatives can be counted on to rally behind pluralism and tolerance. One condition is that they feel reassured "regarding established brakes on the pace of change, and the settled rules of the game.”
Thus my alarm. When it comes to immigration, many conservatives presently fear that there are no breaks on the pace of change, and that the rules of the game are being broken.
I find you and Stenner persuasive enough to take your arguments very seriously, to consider reframing some of my preferences to avoid alarming authoritarians, and to think about what views I ought to moderate to compromise with conservatives.
At the same time, I want to challenge part of your argument.
After criticizing Trump's original executive order on travel and refugees, you wrote, “without the dreamy liberal refusal to recognize the reality of nationhood, the meaning of citizenship, and the differences between cultures, Trump would never have gained the power to issue that order.” Does that really describe the liberal position?
The Obama administration did not refuse to recognize “the reality of nationhood” or “the meaning of citizenship” or “the differences between cultures.” The southern border was militarized for his entire tenure. Millions of people were deported on his watch. The number of refugees allowed to settle here was capped. And cultures with terrorism problems faced harsher vetting procedures.
Liberals don't like to talk about how many people Obama deported, or how many refugees his policies blocked from entry, or the nightmarish hoops legal immigrants had to jump through to gain admission, or differences in the way applicants from different countries were treated. The typical coastal-dwelling liberal or college student will acknowledge, if pressed, that they don't believe in open borders … but most are uncomfortable, unable, or unwilling to articulate just why.
I wonder if the result isn't the worst of both words from a liberal perspective. If Obama's immigration policy was substantively harsher than political correctness allowed liberals to acknowledge, the diversity-loving tribe risked the authoritarian backlash associated with “open borders” without its humanitarian benefits.
What do you think?
David Frum: The claim that the Obama administration engaged in large-scale deportation is based on a statistical sleight of hand. They inflated their deportation numbers by including within that total “removals”––people apprehended near the border who voluntarily returned home without legal process. Deportations from the interior  plunged under Obama: down 19 percent from 2011 to 2012, down another 23 percent between 2012 and 2013. (Note that those were years of economic recovery and expansion, when illegal immigration was rising again after the downtick in the 2008-2010 recession). Although the Obama administration claimed to focus on criminal aliens, deportation even of those tumbled in Obama’s second term.
And this is all before the Obama administration opened the gate to the Central American border surge in the summers of 2014 and 2015, when tens of thousands of teenagers walked across the border to take advantage of the promised amnesty for people who entered as minors. In almost every case, those lawbreakers remain here to this day.
I mention these facts not to re-litigate the Obama record, but to underscore your opening point about how to restore faith in the integrity of the immigration process. With regard to immigration, U.S. administrations, and not only the Obama administration, engage in what’s we’ve learned to call “security theater” when we see it at the airport.
Immigration enforcement budgets soar.
Fences rise.
Drones and jeeps patrol the border.
Immigrant advocacy groups denounce any kind of enforcement action at all as “mass deportation.” Yet the flow of illegal immigration continues unabated. After a hiatus during the Great Recession, illegal immigrations flows are accelerating again, this time led by Central Americans rather than Mexicans, yet still arriving via Mexico.
Democrats and Republicans alike collude in gutting enforcement at the workplace. Policing the border isn’t immigration enforcement. It’s a visually spectacular (and of course hugely expensive) substitute for enforcement. And even those Americans who don’t know the policy details understand that politicians are making immigration promises that they do not intend to keep. The all-pervading bad faith on immigration enforcement opens space for immigration demagogues.
Which is where we have arrived. There’s more to say, including about the obsolescence of refugee policy and the dysfunction of America’s legal immigration system.
But let’s pause here for now.
Friedersdorf: While I agree that lots of presidents have talked tough on immigration without cracking down on employers of illegal labor, and that some observers make the Obama administration's record sound tougher than it was, I am correct in observing that Obama presided over a militarized border, millions of deportations, a cap on refugees, and harsher vetting procedures for countries with a terrorism problem.



ARTICLE
The election of Donald Trump, and the early days of his presidency, have driven many Americans to rummage through history in search of context and understanding. Trump himself has been compared to historical figures ranging from Ronald Reagan to Henry Ford, and from Andrew Jackson to Benito Mussolini. His steps have been condemned as unprecedented by his critics, and praised as historic by his supporters.
To place contemporary events in perspective, we turned to a pair of historians of the United States. Julian Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University. He is the author, most recently, of The Fierce Urgency of Now: Lyndon Johnson, Congress, and the Battle for the Great Society. Morton Keller is a professor emeritus of history at Brandeis University. He has written or edited more than 15 books, including Obama’s Time: A History. They’ll be exchanging views periodically on how to understand Trump, his presidency, and this moment in political time. —Yoni Appelbaum
Morton Keller: In his inimitable manner, President Trump has stirred up a mini clash with his predecessor, Barack Obama, by accusing him of having Trump's headquarters wiretapped during the 2016 election. Time, and investigation, should cast light on the substance of this charge. As historians, we can speak to the uniqueness of this sort of attack, and what light it casts on Trump's—and the current political culture's—way of doing business.
It is hardly unknown for a newly-elected leader to denigrate the performance of the previous incumbent. Think Franklin Delano Roosevelt and the hapless Herbert Hoover after the 1932 election, or Winston Churchill after he replaced Neville Chamberlain in 1940. But these were critical national moments—the Great Depression in America, the Nazi threat in Britain—and to underline the scale and significance of the change was deeply appropriate.
More germane to the current situation was Barack Obama's treatment of George W. Bush after the 2008 election. Bush's unpopularity, and the hope-and-change theme of Obama's campaign, dictated that he not let his predecessor off lightly. (Nor did his not modest self-estimation of what his presidency represented.)
But Obama's continued drumbeat of anti-Bush comments was downplayed by a sympathetic media, and in its own way, it reflected the national disapproval of how the Bush presidency had turned out.
Trump's onslaught differs in several important respects. For one thing, it is keyed more to the political needs of the present moment—to deflect attention from Russia's role in the election—than to the definition of Trump's presidency. It came out of the blue, related only tangentially to the Trump party line of being the populist victor in the face of an unprecedented barrage of hostility by the media, the Democratic opposition, and the privileged classes.
There is another distinctive characteristic of Trump's accusation: its lack of context, evidentiary or otherwise. In this sense it is not unlike the repeated claims of Hillary die-hards that Russian (or FBI) intervention explains her 2016 loss.
Trump's disconnected and thus far unsubstantiated wiretapping charge is most likely, I think, to wind up in the full-to-overflowing dustbin of his off-the-cuff tweets. But it may well be that helter-skelter skipping from one topic to another is the essence of the Trump style of governing (if one can dignify it with that word).
So I would expect, Julian, that over time this episode will sink into the Trumpian limbo of half-baked accusations with early sell-by dates. What do you think?
Julian Zelizer:  It is healthy to remember that the essence of most presidential administrations, at least early on, is to define themselves against their predecessors. It is difficult to think of a president who didn’t spend a decent amount of time criticizing the person who came before him, particularly if that person was from a different party. Mickey, you are certainly correct in reminding us that Herbert Hoover offered a foil to Franklin Delano Roosevelt in 1932, and Jimmy Carter became a model of how not to do just about everything for Ronald Reagan. Richard Nixon basically blamed Lyndon B. Johnson for everything that had gone wrong for the U.S.—from Vietnam to urban unrest. Although he ended up keeping many of his policies intact, Barack Obama campaigned as the antithesis of George W. Bush and governed with ongoing signals about how he wanted to do things differently. It is true that there was no shortage of tough words about Bush’s record to come from Obama and his administration.
But this feels different. Foremost, this is not really about policy. Also, at this point, new presidents have usually shifted their focus away from the previous president toward their own agenda. Finally, Trump’s charges are about illegal activities. With the accusations about wiretapping, Trump made a pretty serious claim about his predecessor; even if it’s true that we should take these tweets with a grain of salt, that can’t really be ignored. In essence, Trump was saying, or at least implying, that the former president violated the law. He didn’t seem to have any hesitation about doing this, nor is anyone around him watching. He lacks the judicious demeanor of Obama and others. Even Nixon had a stronger sense of the need for caution in public.
At this point, we need to assume that he did this without any concrete evidence. While putting this into the “overflowing dustbin of his off-the-cuff tweets” might be the most tempting thing to do, the problem is that in this day and age many of his followers will believe what they have heard. This will play directly into the intense partisan eco-system that shapes our political culture and fuel the vilification of the other that makes for a difficult partisan divide. It also looks like congressional Republicans might launch an investigation.
The point is that the accusations are different from what we have seen in other presidencies, not simply in terms of substance or not only because of the lack of evidence, but because President Trump is doing this in a media environment that has changed substantially over the past 30 years. The increasingly partisan media, the speed through which information spreads nationally and internationally as a result of the internet, and the absence of strong filters in the production and dissemination of news means that these kinds of claims quickly and easily take hold in the public debate. With a president who is willing to tweet whatever is on his mind, no matter how spurious the claims might be, this can have dangerous effects on the electorate. It becomes increasingly difficult for many voters to separate fact from fiction.
I do think that the wiretapping tweet was different than those Democrats who have expressed concern about the many intelligence agencies who reported on the Russian intervention that took place in 2016 and asked how that impacted the election. While blaming the intervention as the sole cause of Hillary Clinton’s loss really ignores many of the factors that undercut her candidacy, it’s fair to question what role that intervention did play. With so many contacts between Trump and Russia officials, it is also fair at this point to ask questions about these connections.
The bad actions of presidents can have damaging consequences by lowering the bar as to what is considered respectable behavior. Many historians agree that many decades of excessive executive power and covert intelligence activities in the 1950s and 1960s culminated with the abuses that we saw with Richard Nixon. It feels like with this wiretapping accusation that Trump is really lowering the bar as to what is acceptable in national politics and what is out-of-bounds.
Keller: I'm in accord with much of what you say, though I do think you tend to judge the Democrats—Johnson, Carter, Clinton, Obama—by a more forgiving standard than you do the Republicans. After all, Obama's repeated accusations that Bush lied about nuclear weapons in Iraq, when any more likely explanation, surely, is intelligence failure, are easily up there with Trump's wiretapping probable-fantasy.
In terms of eventual consequences, wasn't Johnson's willful misrepresentation of the Gulf of Tonkin incident at least the equivalent of Watergate in the harm it did to America?
We can argue these matters ad infinitum, without reaching agreement. My own view is that there is not much to be gained by trying to come up with some moral cost accounting between Democrats and Republicans. I didn't like it when the GOP diehards and their media mouthpieces went on about Obama's unique perfidy, and I don't like it when the Democrats and their media mouthpieces adopt a similarly Manichean view of unblemished Democrats and irredeemable Republicans.
So I'd be inclined to leave Trump's wiretapping tale where it seems to be at the moment: an accusation so far without a definitive pedigree of proof or disproof, a not untypical Trumpian spinoff of the sort whose cumulative impact on our political life is distinctly harmful, but whose tone and character is, alas, all too common in our current political life.
Zelizer: If we are talking about presidential lying, a subject that Eric Alterman wrote a terrific book about, then certainly there are many Democrats who would come into focus, and you named some of the top contenders.
In terms of employing this kind of rhetoric, however, I am not as convinced as you are about both parties being on the same playing field, and this is something that we discussed in our last conversation as well. I am more persuaded by books like Asymmetric Politics and It’s Even Worse Than It Looks that the kind of partisanship that has taken hold in the modern GOP is much more extreme than among Democrats. Similarly, in terms of the kinds of attacks that President Trump has been willing to level against Obama, as well the kinds of lies he tells, it seems to me that Trump reflects something qualitatively different taking hold in the White House. Sometimes, “unprecedented” can be a crucial adjective to mark moments when our polity changes in some fundamental way. This is one of those times.



ARTICLE
From his very first words, AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka snapped heads across the Democratic coalition when he appeared on Fox Business Network last week to assess President Trump’s first speech to Congress.
“I think it was probably one of his finest moments,” Trumka told host Maria Bartiromo. Over the next five minutes, Trumka criticized some aspects of Trump’s agenda. But mostly he stressed his agreement with the new president on issues such as trade and immigration.
With his surprisingly warm appraisal, Trumka—who also met privately with Trump on Tuesday—captured how the administration’s disruptive agenda is accelerating the class inversion reshaping American politics. Both on cultural and economic grounds, Trump’s brusque, racially tinged economic nationalism is generating unusually broad resistance for a Republican president among college-educated voters of all races. But that same message continues to demonstrate enormous appeal for working-class whites. And although there’s little evidence of it yet, Trump’s aides hope his “America First” agenda will eventually attract blue-collar African Americans and Hispanics, too.
Even without those inroads, the cresting wave of white blue-collar support for Trump last November already carried him deeply into union ranks. In 2012, Barack Obama beat Mitt Romney among households that included a union member by 18 percentage points. Trump cut that margin exactly in half, losing to Hillary Clinton by just nine points among all union households. Among whites in union households, Trump beat Clinton by 12 points, exit polls found. Among whites without a college degree in union households, Trump crushed Clinton by 26 percentage points.
That history seemed to sit heavily on Trumka’s shoulders during his Fox interview. He denounced elements of the agenda that Trump and congressional Republicans are advancing, such as their plans to cut corporate taxes and weaken Wall Street regulations.
But on trade, he praised the president for promising to reopen the North American Free Trade Agreement and abandoning President Obama’s proposed free-trade zone across Asia, the Trans-Pacific Partnership. On immigration, Trumka said he was “actually pleasantly surprised to hear him say that the system is broken and it’s legal immigration as well as undocumented people. … This is the first time you heard the president talk about legal immigration being used to drive down wages. We’ve been saying that for a long time.”
While many Democrats view Trump’s browbeating of individual companies to invest more in the United States as something between symbolism and a shell game, Trumka vouched for its value. “You can look at the jobs he didn’t save,” he said, “or you can say if he saved one job by speaking out, to that one family, that’s the most important thing in their lives.” Likewise, while many Democratic strategists believe that an appeal to racial resentment was central to Trump’s victory, Trumka readily agreed with Bartiromo that the president won because voters felt left behind economically.
In other words, even with the occasional jab at the president, Trumka’s interview offered plenty of clips that presidential adviser Stephen Bannon would be happy to insert into Trump 2020 commercials in Ohio, Michigan, and Pennsylvania.
In an interview, AFL-CIO spokesman Josh Goldstein walked back one point from Trumka’s remarks. During last week’s speech, Trump proposed tilting future admissions of legal immigrants toward a “merit-based system” that favors skilled workers and deemphasizing family reunification, which he suggested imports too many unskilled people. Goldstein said the AFL-CIO opposes reorienting legal immigration in that way; Trumka’s remarks to Fox praising Trump’s immigration language, he said, referred to the program that imports high-skilled workers on temporary visas. Trump has criticized that program at other points, but did not mention it in his speech.
Even with that qualification, a high-ranking labor official, who closely watches the federation’s politics, said that Trumka’s sunny interview reflects a larger reality: While labor can unify to fight Trump on issues that directly affect its core interests, it is unlikely to denounce him as systematically as other cornerstone Democratic groups. On Tuesday, the AFL-CIO reflected that uneasy balance by issuing a pointed statement condemning the House Republican bill to replace Obamacare and a bland second statement on Trumka’s White House meeting that neither praised nor criticized Trump.
Behind the hesitation is a fundamental split between the craft, building trade, and industrial unions where Trump generated significant support, and the service, teacher, and public-employee unions where he’s anathema. “The nature of how diverse the labor movement is would make the resistance posture untenable,” the labor official said. “There are unions where 50 percent [of the members] voted for him. Those unions have to pay attention to that, and the federation has a very difficult job of straddling that and the unions where 70 percent voted for Clinton.”
President Richard Nixon famously promoted affirmative-action programs for construction projects partly to split the Democratic coalition by pitting organized labor against African Americans. The unions could soon face another such wedge: While the AFL-CIO has opposed Trump’s plan to build a wall at the U.S.-Mexico border, it has not moved to pressure unions to boycott the project. Participating in construction would infuriate Hispanic leaders, including those within labor’s ranks, but as journalist Harold Meyerson has observed, a boycott would trigger opposition from building trade unions where Trump ran well. “Building the wall is a ticking time bomb,” the labor official said, “because either way it’s a big deal.”
Just as in the overall electorate, the blue-collar whites most drawn to Trump are shrinking within organized labor as it grows more racially diverse. Unless Trump succeeds in attracting skeptical working-class blacks and Hispanics, Trumka will face increasing pressure to more firmly oppose the president. But forcing unions to hedge their bets on opposing Trump, even temporarily, can only increase the GOP’s odds of avoiding losses in 2018—and holding the White House in 2020.



ARTICLE
As they begin the road to recovery, Democrats are super eager to stress that they will not—indeed, cannot—settle for just being anti-Trump. To be sure, say strategists and staffers, the party will fight furiously against Republican policies that conflict with their values. (Resist!) But if President Trump embraces a progressive idea—such as, say, serious infrastructure reform—the Democrats will be happy to engage.
Being a reflexively obstructionist Party of No is not the way to win back voters, they tell me. Democrats must stand for something. They need a compelling governing vision that can be clearly conveyed, preferably in pithy TV ads and bumper-sticker slogans.  
Which all sounds impressively proactive and high-minded—and in no way relevant to the coming election cycle.
Presidential candidates need a vision. Donald Trump certainly had one—no matter how dark, divisive, and fundamentally untethered from reality. (For the 40,000th time: The man has no chance of saving the coal industry. Zero.) But when it comes to midterm elections, the “out” party’s mission is not to spotlight how awesome its ideas are but rather to kick the crap out of the guy in the Oval Office, his ideas, and all of his legislative enablers.   
“Parties like to develop a positive agenda to prepare for their next turn at governing, and this is a good and useful exercise,” noted Larry Sabato, who heads the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia. “But in midterm elections, the voters are usually just reacting to the incumbent president—and almost always negatively.”
Sabato ran through a litany of midterm outcomes from the past six decades, including Democratic wins in 1958 (“Ike’s poor economy”), 1974 (“anti-Watergate, anti-Nixon pardon”), and 1982 (“Reagan’s poor economy”), and Republican wins in 1966 (“anti-Vietnam War, Great Society backlash”), 1994 (“Clinton’s poor economy and controversies”), and 2010 (“anti-Obamacare, continuing poor economy”). “In every case, for each party,” said Sabato, “victory wasn’t delivered on account of a terrific positive platform but because of a negative reaction to the policies and actions of the incumbent president and/or Congress.”
If anything, this trend has gathered steam in recent years as congressional races have grown ever more nationalized. Certainly, Obama-era Republicans offered a master class in the political efficacy of being “anti.” The current House majority was explicitly built on fear and loathing of the 44th president. Senate Leader Mitch McConnell, meanwhile, elevated legislative obstructionism to high art, most vividly showcased by his nearly year-long refusal to consider Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland.
Democrats busted their humps trying to make Republicans pay for their gridlocking. But, for all voters’ grousing about congressional dysfunction, they rarely bother punishing lawmakers for not playing nicely. Indeed, the quickest way for a GOP legislator to get booted under Obama was to be labeled a compromising squish.
“One thing we can take from the past several elections is that political obstructionism does not have the political price many people thought it did,” observed a Democratic Senate aide.
While nobody does obstructionism like McConnell, House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi has a keen appreciation of the value of just saying no. In early 2005, a freshly reelected George W. Bush was hot to overhaul Social Security. Republicans held the White House and both chambers of Congress. They had the vision. They had the numbers. What could possibly go wrong?
Everything. Even thinking about messing with entitlements is politically fraught, and Pelosi decided to make Bush bleed for it. For months, she kept her troops focused on beating the bejesus out of Bush’s proposal, driving public support for it down, down, down. The negativity became so relentless that some Democratic members began to get twitchy. When would the caucus move beyond slamming Bush and put forth a reform plan of its own? Famously, Pelosi’s stock response became: “Never. Does never work for you?”
By spring, Bush’s plan was deader than disco—and stayed dead despite his efforts to revive it, which ran right through the 2006 midterms. That November, Democrats retook both chambers of Congress in a wave election that startled pretty much everyone.
This is not to suggest Bush’s Social Security bellyflop prompted the Democrats’ electoral sweep (though denying the president a key policy win did aid the cause). Broadly, 2006 was a referendum on Bush 43’s job approval, which had taken a major hit thanks to his shabby handling of Hurricane Katrina and, more importantly, his Iraq war folly. Democrats beat those drums hard. They also spotlighted a string of nasty scandals plaguing congressional Republicans during that period. (Anyone recall Mark Foley’s penchant for teenage House pages?)
And so Democrats carried the day, despite having put forth nothing remotely approaching a grand governing message, or even a cohesive brand identity. As Time magazine noted at the time:

Democrats won't be taking over control of Congress with a blueprint for how to capture the biggest prize, the presidency in 2008. The reason is simple: apart from the fact that they faced an unpopular President and an unpopular ruling party both blamed for a very unpopular war, the Democrats already can't agree on why they won.

As it so often the case in such cycles, they did not need to.
“You always have to tell voters what you’re for,” said Drew Hammill, deputy chief of staff to Pelosi. That said, he acknowledged that it is a question of priorities. “The mid-term is typically a referendum on the president. When you’re in the opposition, you want to take his numbers down before you start talking about anything positive.”
Pelosi has long used a “Tylenol versus Advil” analogy to explain the imperatives of negative branding, said Hammill. “She points out that, when you look at a Tylenol or Advil commercial, they are always attacking each other. There is usually a specific mention of the other brand.” Once you’ve decimated the competition, said Hammill, “then you talk about what is good about yourself.”
So, sure, Democrats will want to work a little on that whole identity crisis. (Not that Republicans dealt with theirs last cycle.) “The entirety of the Democratic vision for 2018 and 2020 cannot be simply, We are not Donald Trump,” insisted the Senate aide.  
But, for now at least, the party shouldn’t expend too much time or energy fretting about the big picture. Nothing mobilizes voters like an inspirational enemy, and in Trump, Democrats have found themselves a world-class one.
In midterm politics, as in pain relief, rule No. 1 is to destroy the other guy’s credibility. You can sort the rest out later.



ARTICLE
During a news conference on Capitol Hill, Speaker Paul Ryan defended House Republicans’ new health-care bill, saying he has “no doubt” the House will pass it, despite opposition from Democrats and conservative Republicans. (And if it doesn't pan out, Representative Pete Sessions is prepared with the "World’s Greatest Healthcare Plan of 2017.”) White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said President Trump is “very proud” of the new legislation and that Republicans are in “full sell mode all around the country.” Senators Lindsey Graham and Sheldon Whitehouse sent a letter to the Department of Justice requesting evidence of Trump’s claim that former President Obama wiretapped Trump Tower. Women across the country participated in “A Day Without a Woman,” a protest intended to draw attention to the role of women in society.
The Atlantic is hosting a conference call for subscribers between David Frum, author of our March cover story, "How to Build an Autocracy," and Yoni Appelbaum, senior politics editor. On Friday, the two will go behind the story; analyze recent developments with the Trump presidency; and respond to readers' questions. Subscribe today to receive your invitation.

Feud: Donald and Barack: The Wall Street Journal reports that the relationship between President Trump and former President Obama is “unraveling” following Trump’s allegations that Obama ordered a wiretap on him. (Carol E. Lee and Peter Nicholas)
The CPAC of the Left: Democrats are planning their own version of the Conservative Political Action Conference, but “instead of featuring President Donald Trump, it’ll be the first real cattle call of the Democrats nosing around 2020 presidential runs.” They’re calling it the Ideas Conference. (Edward-Isaac Dovere, Politico)
‘The Adult in the Room’: Meet Gary Cohn, the 56-year-old director of the National Economic Council proving to be “a sage presence in a West Wing that's perceived as new and untested.” (Michael Warren, The Weekly Standard)
Raising Questions: Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is facing resistance from White House aides, who are skeptical of his picks for roles in the department. The increased scrutiny, Bloomberg reports, is “fueling impatience” inside the department. (Robert Schmidt and Saleha Mohsin)
Journey to 11 Million: NPR chronicles changes in U.S. immigration policy over the years and the unintended consequences that followed as a result. (Robert Siegel and Selena Simmons-Duffin)
 
The Day in Photos: Check out these photos to get a glimpse of the celebrations and demonstrations for International Women’s Day. (USA Today)
This week, a Northern Virginia school district is shutting down for the day after a number of staff members asked for the day off to participate in “A Day Without a Woman,” a day of protest to highlight the contributions of women to society. A few weeks ago, a number of restaurants and fast-food chains closed down for “A Day Without Immigrants” to spotlight immigrant contributions to the United States. Fill in the blank with a group of people you think deserves to be commemorated, and tell us why: A Day Without ___ .
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
L.A. Kauffman may have the best-timed book release in years.
For the past quarter century, Kauffman has been researching and writing a chronicle of post-1960s protest on the American left. She has found and interviewed the participants of Mayday 1971, a forgotten D.C. blockade that triggered the largest mass arrest in U.S. history; she has identified the origins of affinity groups and consensus-based decision-making; and she has detailed the actions of ACT UP, the anti-AIDS group that she calls “the most innovative, influential, and effective radical organization of the late-20th century.”
The fruits of that labor—a concise and comprehensive book called Direct Action—came out late last month. It is her luck that it was released during the most fervent period of progressive mobilization since 1968. Many of the tactics that Kauffman details, previously on the margins, are now being deployed for the first time at a massive, nationwide scale.
Wednesday is one of those deployments. “The Day Without a Woman,” a “general strike” led by the organizers of the Women’s March on Washington, calls for American women to give up their labor at work and at home for 24 hours. I was curious: How did Kauffman understand the strike? How does it compare to other major, post-1960s actions? And how should interested Americans think about the efficacy of protest?
I spoke with Kauffman about how protest movements become popular and how she has come to think change actually happens in the United States. Our conversation has been condensed and edited for clarity.
Robinson Meyer: My sense is that general striking is not a tactic that has been successfully executed, really, since the 1960s in the United States. Is that right?
L.A. Kauffman: It has not. There occasionally have been calls issued by small organizations that don’t have any traction. But there really has not been something that looks anything like a general strike in decades.
I’m not really a labor historian, so I can’t answer in detail about some of the earlier attempts at broad general strikes. But those were so long ago, and so different in character from what people are talking about now, that it’s really apples and oranges. In particular, earlier general strikes were an attempt to leverage the power of labor unions and oppositional organizations, and they were met by very violent crackdowns.
The whole dynamic is very different now. The model that’s being used is the “Day Without an Immigrant” model. It’s sectoral—the framing is a “general strike,” but in fact it’s coming from a particular sector and looking to demonstrate a level of collective power through mass noncompliance. It’s an approach that people have not used as much.
People have used various tactics of mass noncompliance; they’ve used boycotts; but this kind of strike is really something new. And it’s particularly new in that it’s redefining the general strike for an era in which organized labor is not going to be front and center. It’s redefining the general strike without the sense of it being led by a labor movement. What I find so compelling about it is that it shows a level of innovation, of people stretching the limits of the question: What can we do in this moment?
Meyer: You’ve written this history of protest tactics after 1970 in Direct Action. Are we seeing some of the largest-ever deployment of those exact tactics right now?
Kauffman: Yes, absolutely. People are trying these tactics in a way, and on a scale, that we simply haven’t seen before. And having that perspective [of the last 40 years] is important because, I think, a lot of people are going to be looking to compare what happens on Wednesday with the numbers on January 21. And that’s not really the point of comparison. The point of comparison is the absence of walkouts and sectoral strikes like this in the past, and that these tactics are being tried on a national scale for the first time.
We’ve had boycotts, we’ve had divestment campaigns, but outside of the immigrant-rights movement—which has been doing these Days Without an Immigrant for a while, this is hearkening back to the extraordinary mobilizations in 2006—[this kind of strike is] a tool that’s been used much more in other countries than here.
And it’s kind of appropriate that they would have this more global perspective on what tactics we might use in this moment. The immigrant-rights movement is composed of many people who had experience responding to authoritarian regimes in their own countries before they came here.
Meyer: What does success look like for those tactics in the United States?
Kauffman: There’s many different kinds of protests and mobilizations, and gauging the success of them is always contextual. It depends on what arena you’re struggling in, and what the objectives are, and what the time frame for evaluating the success is.
At this moment, the first and foremost job of the broad resistance is to continue to keep the Trump administration in a state of crisis, to contribute keeping them off balance and on the defensive. [Day Without a Woman] has the potential to be one of many moves that are contributing to that. I think it’s important—the organizers of the Women’s March have been very thoughtful and intentional trying to harness the incredible energy of January 21 and think about how to move forward and transform that mobilizing work into new kinds of organizing.
Meyer: What does that kind of mobilization and organization work entail?
Kauffman: Mobilizing is getting people to show up. Organizing is building groups, amassing collective power within some kind of organizational entity that’s going to follow an agenda over time.
So the “Day Without a Woman” is getting a lot of attention, but there hasn’t been as much attention to the fact that in the wake of January 21, the Women’s March called for—and people organized—5,000 small-group meetings all around the country to talk about this moment, to think about what steps people might take, and to take the self-mobilizing energy that made January 21 so massive and powerful and figure out how to put down deeper roots. You don’t keep it going by just calling for march after march.
Meyer: It was interesting reading about the late ’60s in your book, which was another moment of mass mobilization. There, it did get to a point where people were tired of going to protests, and it seemed like that prompted some of the factionalization of the 1970s. People would go to demonstration after demonstration against the Vietnam War, and then they were eventually like, well, what are we demonstrating for?
Kauffman: There’s certain tactics during that specific period, the late ’60s, that are pretty much off the table now. People were like, “Well, our marches and our demonstrations aren’t working, so maybe we need to go to street fighting. Or maybe we need to go to armed struggle.” And all those attempts backfired so spectacularly that those tactics are—and I expect will continue to be—off the table.
But this is a moment where people are looking very thoughtfully at what tools we have at our disposal that we haven’t used as much, like going to town-hall meetings. The left hasn’t particularly done that kind of organizing on a large scale, in the way that we saw during the “resistance recess” [last month]. Part of that is people thinking about running for office and engaging with the electoral process in a different way. We’re seeing a lot of interest in engaging with the Democratic party at a grassroots level in a way that… you know, the left has mostly defined itself against that party for decades.
Meyer: Why is that different now?
Kauffman: I think part of [the erosion of that divide] has been the decline of the ideological left and the rise of the many identity and issue-based movements, many of which have understood that they need to engage liberals and progressives in order to push forward their agenda. They may stand in oppostion to the corporate liberalism of the establishment Democratic party, but there’s not that same sense of a big ideological divide that there was for a time [during the ’60s].
Meyer: After surveying the long sweep of post-1960s protest on the left, is there a movement or story in your book that you hope people now would know about?
Kauffman: The one I always cite first and foremost is ACT UP, which managed to accomplish an absolutely staggering amount despite never having had very large numbers compared to, say, the anti-war movement. It’s always much smaller than other movements that we’ve had. It was always socially and culturally on the margins and proud of that. It was disruptive, and rude, and in your face, and very bold and aggressive. And it succeeded—through its persistence, and its willingness to use controversial tactics—in transforming the drug testing and approval process and saving literally millions of lives.
As people are experimenting now with the ways that we can be a check on the Trump administration policies, the lesson there is that we should be willing to be unpopular, to do things that are controversial, to use tactics that are going to be criticized—all within the broad framework of nonviolence. There’s a lot of evidence that when you step outside of strictly nonviolent tactics, the negative reactions outweigh the positive gains.
[People have said,] “Well you’re not going to be reaching Trump voters if you do this, you’re not going to be reaching that broad middle.” I mean, that’s not how change happens in this country. There are kinds of change that happen that way, but the kind of change that has led us to have progress for LGBT folks across a period of mostly conservative governance, for instance, comes from bold, outsider activism that has been sustained and persistent and usually controversial in the moment.
Meyer: There’s been this discussion among writers on The Atlantic: Should protesters be bold and uncompromising and disruptive, or should they be visibly patriotic, and think about how their actions will play on TV in Ohio and Michigan? What’s an example of a disruptive and controversial but ultimately successful tactic like that from, say, ACT UP?
Kauffman: You can go to something that people know better than they know ACT UP, which is the movement to end racial segregation in the South in the Fifties. At the time, if you go back and look at public-opinion data from the period, the Civil Rights Movement was very unpopular. And its actions were consistently criticized as being polarizing and not reaching this mythical person in Ohio. “People are turned off by this. Why do you have to sit at the lunch counters? Isn’t there a way to do this that’s less disruptive? Did you really have to put everybody on that bus together and cross state lines? Look at the violence you provoked!”
There’s a way in which people fail to see that the consensus in favor of the changes that movement wrought—they always come after they’ve won. Nothing makes a movement popular like winning. And to get to winning, you almost always have to do things that are controversial and unpopular. That doesn’t mean you have to be rioting and burning American flags—people will criticize you just for marching on Washington. But particularly when the odds are long, it’s in those stronger tactics that you’re able to create the crisis that forces decision makers to move your way, to accede to your demands.
Meyer: You just alluded to this, but I want to get your I’ve-been-working-on-a-book-for-25-years-and-here’s-the-answer-I-finally-came-up-with answer. How does change happen in this country?
Kauffman: I think, in a way, it’s kind of how Trumpism happened.
Change happens slowly and unevenly over time, but it usually starts at the margins. It usually starts with people who are putting forth a vision that is dramatically at odds with the existing reality, whether their vision is women being able to vote, or black and white folks being able to live together in harmony and share public accommodations and schools. It’s been, time and time again, the actions of unpopular trailblazers that have over time catalyzed change, persuaded many others, rallied them to their pole of action by standing strong with a vision of something different—rather than watering [that vision] down with some idea that you’re going to get more adherents by doing so. That’s the great mistake of neoliberalism and Clintonism and the Democratic Party, and it’s why the Democratic party lost.
A gift of taking 25 years to write a book is that, by the time I finally got around to finishing it, I was able to take a long view of what has worked and what hasn’t worked. [You can] evaluate what movements did on a long horizon, so that you’re not just saying, “Well, the occupation of Seabrook Nuclear Plant [in 1976] kind of fell apart, and the movement dissolved into infighting, and they weren’t able to mount another protest.” Instead, you say, you know what? Not another nuclear plant was built for decades after Seabrook.
You have to have the long view and say, what that [protest] did was that it threw a monkey wrench into a process that was otherwise going to just unfold smoothly. With the longer time frame, you’re able to see that these protest movements—that appear marginal and unpopular in the moment—are often what succeed in catalyzing changes that the broad majority goes on to cherish and value.



ARTICLE
There are two ways to look at the effect of Donald Trump’s presidency on American democracy. One is that he is a menace to the republic: that his attacks on journalists, federal judges, and constitutional norms undermine the rule of law. The other is that he is the greatest thing to happen to America’s civic and political ecosystem in decades.
These views are not mutually exclusive. In fact, they are causally related. The president’s attacks on established institutions have triggered a systemic immune response in the body politic, producing a surge in engagement among his opponents (and also his fans).
Since the early 1970s, the nation’s civic health—from membership in civic groups to attendance at public meetings to newspaper reading—has been in steady, severe decline. Economic inequality has fed political inequality in a viciously self-reinforcing loop of disenfranchisement and concentration of clout.
But now millions of people, once cynical bystanders, are participating earnestly. In mass marches and packed congressional town meetings, Americans have taken vocal stands for inclusion. At airports and campuses and street corners they have swarmed in defense of Muslim and undocumented neighbors. Membership in the ACLU and the League of Women Voters has swelled, as have subscriptions to leading newspapers.
The ranks of Trump’s supporters, meanwhile, are filled with first-time or first-time-in-a-long-time participants in politics. He has given voice to communities long disregarded by cosmopolitan political elites. Heartened by his election and his willingness in office to buck convention, they are now rallying to his defense.
Trump has also generated a boom in popular civic education. Across the country, people are creating political clubs, discussion circles, teach-ins. My organization, Citizen University, has launched regular gatherings called Civic Saturdays—a civic analogue to church—that have drawn overflow crowds. Indivisible, an insiders’ guide to pressuring Congress, has sparked intense local organizing and activism. Google searches for the Emoluments Clause, recusal rules, and judicial review have spiked. And iCivics.org, the civics video gaming platform created by former U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O’Connor, has seen a doubling of game-playing this year.
This civic surge, it’s important to note, crosses ideological lines. Many principled libertarians and conservatives, troubled by Trump’s recklessness, are now cheered by rising popular interest in the ideals of liberty and limits on government power.
The conservative Federalist Society is fielding new inquiries from left and right about its Article I Project, which aims to restore congressional primacy against an overreaching executive. Civic start-ups like Free the People are sparking interest among Millennials in a hip libertarianism. The right-leaning American Enterprise Institute held a symposium recently positing that Trump’s arrival is a “Sputnik moment” for civic education.
All this energy, now visible and palpable, had been gathering long before Trump became president and has extended well beyond the borders of the United States. From the Arab Spring to the Brexit, from the Tea Party to $15 Now and Black Lives Matter, we live in an age of bottom-up power: citizens self-organizing to challenge entrenched monopolies and orthodoxies. Trump’s election itself was evidence of this.
The surge will likely outlast his presidency. Americans today are rushing to make up for decades of atrophy and neglect in civic education and engagement. But as they do so it’s important to remember that citizenship is about more than know-how. It’s also about “know-why”—the moral purposes of self-government.
Citizenship in a republic requires not just literacy in power but also a grounding in character. Power literacy means understanding systems of law, custom, and institutions—and acting with skill to move those systems. Civic character is more than personal virtue. It is about character in the collective—mutuality, reciprocity, respect, service, justice—and the prosocial ethics of being a member of the body.
Perhaps the most heartening part of today’s civic renewal is that people are exercising both power and character. They are practicing strategies of action while reckoning with questions of first principle. On campuses and public squares, they are debating the rights and responsibilities of dissent. On social media and in person, they are asking just what makes a leader legitimate and a representative truly representative.
Every time Trump acts or speaks against disfavored minority groups, they also are reminded that democracy alone—that is, a process of majority rule—is not enough. As Abraham Lincoln argued during his 1858 debates against Stephen Douglas about slavery, a democratic process is legitimate only when coupled with a moral sense. America today is beginning to rediscover its moral sense.
The president and his advisers will keep challenging moral and civic norms. Yet that is precisely why over the long term I am optimistic. As Americans have shown each other the last two months, the deepest source of this nation’s greatness and resilience is the decentralized way that citizens will reclaim their power. There are more civic antibodies here than viruses. We should thank Donald Trump for giving us the chance to prove it.



ARTICLE
After I wrote about last week’s protest at Middlebury College, one of my most thoughtful email correspondents, Brown University medical school student Ronald Ray Magee Jr., wrote in with a different perspective.
As a staunch proponent of free speech and cross-ideological dialogue, he objected, along with so many others, to the protesters who prevented Charles Murray from speaking (and hoped for the speedy recovery of the injured professor). But he also argued that the rationale students offered for bringing Murray to campus––that some wanted to understand the white working class voters who supported Donald Trump––highlights a failure of diversity at the institution. What if Middlebury, a residential college where students are meant to learn partly by living together, could get more of those insights from within its community?
He writes:

I do not support the violent actions demonstrated by a contingent of the protesters last week; they were wholly unjustified and likely inimical to the interests of those most marginalized by the views of individuals like Dr. Charles Murray. As a Black man educated in predominantly white spaces, the value of free speech and engagement with opposing or even hostile views is already known to me. My mission in life is to aid my race in ameliorating the deep and painful scars of years of oppression; much of the little progress I or others around me have made towards that end has been won in moments when we reach across the proverbial aisle in an effort to understand and hopefully change the views of those who would seek to perpetuate a history of harm against my color. It can be frustrating, isolating, and sometimes just plain dark, but my experience so far has been that the gain is worth the pain.

After much reflection on the shutting down of Dr. Murray at Middlebury, taking the events on their own terms and in continuity with similar occurrences on campuses throughout the nation, my position is that the stance against shutting down speakers like Dr. Murray and for engagement with even the most noxious ideas is still the right one.

But it is a stance that Middlebury and most of higher education in this nation lacks the moral authority to make.

The narrative pushed by a lot of detractors of this protest and others like it is reducible to this: if elite college liberals are unwilling to engage with such-and-such highly public and highly controversial figure, then they risk remaining an echo chamber and their education will be the poorer for it.

Those should not be the only two options.

Middlebury should not have to hire out to find someone who can speak with them about the white working class or conservative ideals; there are quite a few people who bear one or both of those labels and I imagine that a number of them may even want to go to college. Yet I look at Middlebury and I see an institution where, according to the New York Times, 23% of the student population comes from families in the top 1% of American earners.

I see an institution where the free exchange of ideas and benefits of academic debate has an entrance fee of about $61K. I see an institution ranked as "most selective" by U.S. News and World Report, based in large part on test scores that do more to reflect a student's income or ethnicity than their intelligence level or capacity for success, especially if they are afforded the resources available at an institution with the financial endowment of Middlebury.

Taken together, it is pretty clear that the environment of free debate at Middlebury is actually tightly walled off to certain populations for reasons that have much less to do with the quality of their ideas or capacity for debate than with the lack of dollars in their pocket. And I imagine many, if not most, at the school would agree with me. Some of the facts I mention above are from an excellent editorial on the school's challenges regarding socioeconomic diversity, published in The Middlebury Campus in January of this year. But it is not enough to agree; the perilously high economic barrier to pursuing higher education represents a threat to both free speech and the ideals of justice and equality themselves on college campuses.

On one level, this barrier represents a direct extension of historical injustices. When the high tuition and over-reliance on standardized testing that clearly favors those with resources meet our society's longstanding racial wealth gap and rising income inequality, the result is too many students left unable to gain admission or matriculate for reasons that have less to do with merit and more to do with our historical amnesia; these students are silenced just as effectively as Dr. Murray was silenced last week, if not more so since few of them will go on to write bestselling books. In the face of this, it is important to remember Dr. King's assertion that "Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere". Those are not mere words; it is incredibly difficult for a university to make an appeal to students based on the lofty values of free speech and exchange of ideas when it is abundantly clear that much of their academic experience is decided on the basis of far lowlier concerns.

On a deeper level, if the only time college students come into contact with those that disagree with their most strongly held views is when they are debating those very same views, I do not anticipate many gains in understanding on either side. At the end of the day, engaging with Dr. Murray or anyone who thinks like him on one occasion to discuss all the reasons you disagree is insufficient to gain true understanding; that sense of perspective comes when the two of you both make an intentional decision to participate in the hundreds of different interactions in nearly as many contexts that form the work of community-building.

College can be a vessel for those sorts of interactions, but we will have to work to make it so.

Dr. Murray was invited to Middlebury, at least in part, so that the campus could refute his views on the connection between race/socioeconomic status and intelligence. Yet, if Dr. Murray were provided with a demographic snapshot of Middlebury,  he would find much there to support his views. This is my plea to Middlebury and any other institution struggling with how to balance a respect for free speech with a respect for the lived experience of the marginalized: Do not just make the argument; be the argument.

I’m grateful to my correspondent for sharing his radical critique, which I’ve been pondering since I first read it, without having decided quite where I come down myself.



ARTICLE
There are many perks that come with a high-profile post in the Trump administration; job security does not appear to be among them.
Six weeks into Donald Trump’s presidency, one key member of his inner-circle has already been tossed overboard, and a second is facing noisy calls for resignation. Meanwhile, a recent spate of buzzy insider news stories portrays a chaos-gripped White House filled with aides desperately clinging to their jobs while the president spirals into fits of rage over their incompetence. Trump went “ballistic” on senior staffers, says ABC News; the “knives are out” for chief-of-staff Reince Preibus, reports Politico. And just for good measure, here’s some footage of chief strategist Steve Bannon gesticulating angrily during a recent Oval Office meeting.
All the drama begs the question: When will the next Trump adviser get the ax?
Though Trump likes to boast of his fierce personal loyalty—both to his employees, and to his supporters—he has demonstrated a tendency throughout his life and career to throw even the most dedicated allies under the bus at moments of peak crisis. And with “peak crisis” as the default setting of the Trump presidency so far, this pattern of behavior is worth a close examination.
As I’ve written before, Trump’s professional inner-circle has been purged and reconstructed many times throughout his decades-long business career, with close alliances and partnerships frequently ending in a mess of litigation and public feuding.
In some cases, Trump cuts ties to avoid personal embarrassment. When Roy Cohn—the notorious attorney-cum-operator who was instrumental in getting young Donald established in New York City—was diagnosed as HIV-positive in the ‘80s, Trump promptly ditched his friend and mentor. Stunned by the betrayal, Cohn reportedly marveled, “Donald pisses ice water.”
In other cases, Trump has sacrificed personal loyalty in search of a scapegoat. In 1990, he sought to shift the blame for the early failures of the Taj Mahal Casino in Atlantic City onto his younger brother, Robert. According to one former executive who later recounted the episode in a book, Trump bitterly rebuked his brother—who worked for him at the time—in front of other employees. “I thought you could handle this,” Trump said. “I must’ve been out of my mind. I let you make recommendations. I’m sick and fucking tired of listening to you.” Robert responded by storming out of the casino, unwilling to endure further abuse.
Perhaps one of the most fraught positions for someone to occupy in Trump’s orbit is that of the PR man. Long before he earned the distinction of becoming the first president to live-tweet cable news, Trump was a headline-obsessed media junkie who devoured the New York Post daily and demanded round-the-clock attention from the publicists on his payroll. In one emblematic example from the early ‘90s, Trump became irate that he was losing the media battle with his first wife, Ivana, as their breakup dominated the tabloids—so he fired the public-relations consultant that his family had employed for more than two decades. Asked about the incident years later, the consultant, Howard Rubenstein, waved it off as a short-lived temper tantrum. “There was a time when [Trump] was upset with everybody,” he shrugged.
Still, in retrospect, the episode seems to have foreshadowed Trump’s widely chronicled displeasure with Sean Spicer. Several people who have worked with Trump speculated to me that the beleaguered White House press secretary won’t last long, if only because it’s virtually impossible to get passing marks from this president in that job. During the transition, one Republican who was being considered for the press secretary post told me he wasn’t interested because, “I’m in a good place with [Trump] right now … and that job is too easy to screw up.”
Throughout the election, Trump showed a similar inclination to churn rapidly through top aides and allies, with a perpetually in-flux campaign organization that was helmed by three different people in less than 18 months.
The candidate demonstrated his convenient application of loyalty early in the cycle when it was discovered that Sam Nunberg—a deeply devoted adviser who had spent years laying the groundwork for his boss’s presidential bid—had written some racist posts on his personal Facebook page. The revelation caused a minor stir in the news, and Nunberg quickly apologized. But while he managed to win the forgiveness of Al Sharpton, Trump was less merciful, firing the young aide and allowing his campaign to release a humiliating statement that referred to him as a “low level part-time consultant.” Nunberg was crushed, and later told me that for months after his firing he would get teary-eyed every time he walked past Trump Tower. “I loved Donald like an uncle,” he said, adding, “He can certainly be loyal, but it’s selective.”
At the time, Nunberg’s firing was viewed inside Trumplandia as a victory for Corey Lewandowski, the hard-charging campaign manager who was then busy consolidating power within the organization. But it wasn’t long before he, too, found his job in peril. After roughly grabbing a female reporter in a press scrum, Lewandowski faced a battery charge and a chorus of critics calling for his head. Trump stuck by him at first, even spinning his own refusal to fire the aide as a selling point for voters. (During a meeting with Jewish reporters, for example, Trump cited his loyalty to Lewandowski as proof that he would be a stalwart ally to Israel.)
The charges against Lewandowski were dropped, but Trump eventually fired him anyway. The reasons for the dismissal were murky—Lewandowski had made a number of enemies who were eager to see him go—but when Trump was asked about it, he said simply that it was time to take a “different route.”
The operative who took Lewandowski’s place, Paul Manafort, lasted less than two months before landing on the chopping block— forced to resign amid reports of his past lobbying for pro-Russia oligarchs.
There’s no reason to believe that Trump’s administration will be any less turbulent than his campaign or casino business were. Of course, Trump’s defenders would point to his victory in November over a cautious opponent who ran a well-oiled machine of a campaign as proof that stability is not necessary for success. Maybe they’re right. But Trump built his success on his willingness to toss aside mentors, friends, and family members during moments of frustration and chaos—and as aides and appointees now bet their careers on his willingness to reciprocate their loyalty, they’re also gambling that at 70, he’ll suddenly change.



ARTICLE
The incident at John F. Kennedy Airport, where Customs and Border Protection Agents boarded an incoming flight from San Francisco and asked for—or demanded––ID from every passenger, has hit a nerve with many people—some of whom, like me, think that a demand that passengers exiting a domestic flight show “papers” would probably be unconstitutional, and definitely smacks of a nascent police state.
But others have suggested that, because the incident took place at an airport, government agents actually have the legal authority demand ID from anyone. I researched the question further, and reached out to former government lawyers. But I still can’t find legal authority for a demand for ID from passengers on a domestic flight.
Remember the question: Can the Homeland Security immigration agents require passengers deplaning from a domestic flight to show ID? My answer is still that I can’t find any statutory authorization or any case that would permit such a requirement.
A CBP spokesperson characterized the incident as a “consensual” search—meaning, in other words, that the agents asked passengers if they would mind terribly showing ID as they exited.
Under the Fourth Amendment, law enforcement can almost always ask a person to voluntarily provide ID, or allow a search, even in situations where they can’t demand either. Unfortunately, the courts have usually held that the officers are not required to tell people they have the right to refuse. The test is whether a reasonable person would feel free to refuse. So in theory, the individual can say something like, “Am I free to go?” or just stroll away. In practice, many people are intimidated or persuaded to cooperate.
If the JFK search was voluntary, the officers did nothing legally wrong in this case. But on the legal point, as far as I can tell, there is no exception to the Fourth Amendment that would allow a demand for ID.
A searched aimed a specific individual might be a different matter. Under the Fourth Amendment, a “reasonable suspicion” that a person is involved is a fugitive, or committing a crime, or unlawfully present is enough to permit law enforcement to approach, and perhaps eventually search. That requirement—“reasonable suspicion”—is the protection Americans have against warrantless searches and seizures. Police can often detain (“seize”) and search without a warrant—if they have seen something that would lead a reasonable officer to think there’s a violation of law or evidence of crime to be found.
What they can’t do, as a general rule, is just stop or search everyone in a given area on the chance that one of them will be a criminal. The Supreme Court wrote in 2001 of its longstanding “general prohibition against nonconsensual, warrantless, and suspicionless searches.” In the case of the JFK search, CBP said that the object of the ID check was a specific named individual.  (This individual was not on the flight.)
If so, why would it be “reasonable” to check everyone on the plane—a population that was probably half male and half female, ranged in age from to 8 months to 80 years, and was ethnically diverse? Could they really not know the individual’s size, sex, age, and ethnicity? If they did, but thought it was more convenient to require everyone to show papers, they were violating the Fourth Amendment—convenience is not a “special circumstance” permitting a warrantless search.
And note that the search was, according to CBP, for a documented alien who had been ordered deported. Deportation is a civil, not a criminal, proceeding. It’s hard to understand why a civil order, however important, justifies an exception to the Fourth Amendment.
An international airport, a number of correspondents pointed out, is considered in Fourth Amendment law to be the “functional equivalent of the border,” even if it is located hundreds of miles from the physical border.  Officers can of course check passports and identities at a border crossing, and search any possessions of travelers, even without reasonable suspicion.
The “functional equivalent” doctrine was unveiled as an aside in a 1972 Supreme Court case called Almeida-Sanchez v. United States: “a search of the passengers and cargo of an airplane arriving at a St. Louis airport after a nonstop flight from Mexico City would clearly be the functional equivalent of a border search.”
The Supreme Court didn’t explain exactly what the words mean; but as far as I can tell, every circuit that has considered it has concluded that (as the Fourth Circuit held in a case called United States v. Laughman), “there cannot be an Almeida-Sanchez border search without some degree of probability that the vessel has crossed a border; i.e., the officials must possess some articulable facts tending to show that the vessel has recently crossed an international border.” If a passenger has just gotten off an international flight, and hasn’t gotten into the regular population yet, then a warrantless “border search” is fine; ditto when a passenger is boarding a flight out of the U.S.
But Delta Flight 1583 was not an international flight. It took off in San Francisco and landed in New York. And even if some of the passengers had entered the country just before boarding 1583, the “functional equivalent” exception applies only to their original point of entry. In fact, the CBP doesn’t allege that even the object of the search had crossed an international border. Whoever it was already had documents allowing presence in the country, and so had been admitted already.
So the “functional equivalent” doctrine doesn’t apply.
Others pointed out that airline passengers are screened by Transportation Security Officers, who look at ID and can demand to open luggage. Thus, the idea goes, anyone in the secure area has generally agreed to any kind of search or stop until they complete their flight and leave the destination airport.
TSA searches—which fall into a category called “administrative searches”––are constitutionally tolerable, the courts have said, because passengers can refuse them. Passengers have notice before they get to the airport that the searches will be conducted, and if they don’t want to furnish ID or put a bag through the magnetometer, they can go home or travel by land. In addition, finally, TSA checks are also limited to the purpose for which they are authorized by law—aviation safety. In a 1989 case called United States v. $124,570 U.S. Currency, the Ninth Circuit explained, “While narrowly defined searches for guns and explosives are constitutional as justified by the need for air traffic safety, a generalized law enforcement search of all passengers as a condition for boarding a commercial aircraft would plainly be unconstitutional.” A passenger already on a plane has no ability to turn back; and according to CBP’s account, the search had no relation to aviation safety.
Finally, people point to Supreme Court cases permitting permanent, marked, fixed checkpoints near the border, where CBP agents ask each person in passing cars whether he or she is a citizen—and direct some to “secondary screening” areas where their documents may be checked, and, if probable cause is found, the cars can be searched. According to the immigration statutes, this kind of search can be made within a “reasonable distance” of the border. The Border Patrol has interpreted that phrase as meaning within 100 miles.
But the caselaw doesn’t say that the Border Patrol can conduct any kind of search it wants at any time and any place within a “reasonable distance.” A 1975 case called United States v. Brignoni-Ponce rejected, 9-0,“roving patrols,” in which officers in cars would flag down motorists near the border and investigate the occupants at the roadside. Allowing the Patrol to randomly stop cars in those circumstances, the court majority said, would submit people near the border “to potentially unlimited interference with their use of the highways, solely at the discretion of Border Patrol officers.”  The sudden, unexpected appearance of CBP agents at a domestic jetway seems to me a lot more like a “roving patrol” stop on a dark highway than a brightly lit, well established checkpoint.
To clarify again: Of course law enforcement can ask for cooperation. And they can do more than that—they can detain and search individuals if there is “reasonable suspicion” about them in particular.
What they can’t do, I think, is begin randomly demanding papers of everyone on a flight, and detaining those who refuse.
A number of scenarios have been suggested. If, for example, law enforcement had a credible tip that “somebody” on a domestic flight had a bomb or was an immediate threat, then perhaps a court would find what is called “exigent circumstances” or “special circumstances” permitting a quick check of every passenger.
But that’s not what was happening at JFK, according to CBP. The agents were searching for one particular passenger—who was wanted because he was subject to an order of deportation, not, apparently, because of immediate danger of terrorism or criminal activity. Deportation orders are civil matters—hardly the stuff of “exigent circumstances.”
Under these circumstances, I can’t see any legal precedent or authority that would permit agents to bar exit from a plane. Passengers should be free to refuse to cooperate “voluntarily.”
That’s not to say that if someone does refuse, the agents won’t arrest him or her, or take them to “secondary screening.” I think that would violate the law, but we’ve all read about the new, “unshackled” immigration enforcement policies of DHS generally.  In the current climate, some federal judge might decide that “show me your papers” is permissible at airports. But so far none has; and it would be a radical and alarming change in the law if one did.  



ARTICLE
Abortion is a side issue in the debate over repealing the Affordable Care Act, but just as it nearly did for Democrats seven years ago, the polarizing procedure could end up scuttling the Republicans’ effort to usher in a new healthcare law.
The House GOP bill to replace Obamacare also blocks about $500 million in federal funding for Planned Parenthood, the nation’s largest single abortion provider. The provision mirrors language that Republicans included in a repeal bill two years ago, and it fulfills the wishes of conservatives who are ardently anti-abortion. But that policy, more than other issue, is what caused two Republican senators, Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, to oppose the repeal measure in 2015. With the GOP holding a narrower, 52-48 majority in the Senate this year, their votes are even more important now; if they opposed any Republican bill, just one more defection would defeat the measure without any Democratic support.
“I have said continuously and repeatedly that I support the work of Planned Parenthood. I support the continuation of Medicaid funding going to them,” Murkowski told me in an interview last week after she learned that GOP leaders had kept the defunding language in the bill despite complaints from moderate members. “I’m not saying anything is a deal-breaker, but I am making very, very clear my position.”
Collins has adopted a similar stance. While she hasn’t ruled out voting for a package that defunds Planned Parenthood, she said in January she was “not happy” that House Speaker Paul Ryan had decided to make it part of the leadership’s plan to repeal Obamacare. A group of moderates in the House is also wary about targeting the organization, which operates about 700 health centers nationwide and provides a range of services to women beyond abortion. At a GOP policy retreat in January, freshman Representative John Faso of New York urged leaders to separate out the issue from Obamacare, warning that they would be “walking into a gigantic political trap” by taking on the two contentious topics together, according to a secret tape reported by The Washington Post.
Yet conservatives are equally adamant that the bill defund Planned Parenthood, arguing that even though federal law already forbids taxpayer funding for abortion, the reimbursements that the organization receive through Medicaid helps to subsidize a procedure they consider morally unconscionable. Representative Trent Franks of Arizona is one of the most passionate abortion foes in the House. When I asked him last week what would happen if Republicans tried to repeal Obamacare without defunding Planned Parenthood, he replied: “It would be easier to light the Capitol on fire.”
Abortion is in some ways a microcosm of the GOP’s broader struggle on healthcare. The party has a majority in both chambers of Congress but not, it seems, for any one approach to replacing Obamacare; its majority in opposition to abortion appears smaller still. If Republican leaders move to the right on Planned Parenthood, they risk losing the support of moderates, but postponing the fight to future legislation could doom the repeal effort with the far larger group of conservatives (if it isn’t already).
On this issue, President Trump seems to be in the middle. As a candidate, he at one point suggesting women should face criminal punishment if they had an abortion. Yet he was one of the few Republican candidates who spoke up in support of Planned Parenthood—even as he backed cutting off its federal funding. “Millions of millions of women —cervical cancer, breast cancer—are helped by Planned Parenthood,” Trump said during a primary debate a little over a year ago. “I would defund it because I'm pro-life, but millions of women are helped by Planned Parenthood.”
The New York Times reported Monday that the White House, recognizing the political controversy surrounding the organization, had offered Planned Parenthood a deal: It could keep its federal funding if it stopped performing abortions, which by its own analysis constitutes just 3 percent of the services it provides to women. The answer was no. In a statement, Planned Parenthood’s president, Cecile Richards, said in part:

The White House proposal that Planned Parenthood stop providing abortion is the same demand opponents of women’s health have been pushing for decades, as a part of their long-standing effort to end women’s access to safe, legal abortion. Planned Parenthood has always stood strong against these attacks on our patients and their ability to access the full range of reproductive health care.  We are glad that the White House understands that taking away the preventive care Planned Parenthood provides is deeply unpopular and would be a disaster for women’s health care.

In a briefing at the White House on Tuesday, the secretary of health and human services, Tom Price, would not make a definitive statement about the administration’s position on Planned Parenthood other than to say legislation should allow people to purchase insurance that respects their “conscience.” “We think it’s important that the legislature work its will on this process ,” Price said.
The GOP bill does not mention Planned Parenthood specifically but bars funds from going to organizations described in a way that could only mean Planned Parenthood. Republicans have said they would redirect the money to community health centers, but supporters of Planned Parenthood counter that many community health centers offer only a fraction of the services the nonprofit provides. And, they say, the GOP move to eliminate a popular option for women contradicts the party’s stated goal of improving healthcare through more choice and competition.
For Democrats, the sight of abortion politics roiling a healthcare debate will feel familiar. In 2010, the funding of abortion became the final sticking point in the passage of the Affordable Care Act. Anti-abortion Democrats in the House initially balked at assurances from party leaders that the bill would not violate the federal prohibition on taxpayer funding of abortion, known as a Hyde Amendment. At the last minute, Representative Bart Stupak of Michigan struck an agreement with the White House in which then-President Barack Obama would sign an executive order making that commitment explicit. With the deal in place, the bill narrowly passed, and Obamacare became law.
Now that Republicans are in charge, the question is not whether public funds will pay directly for abortions but whether they’ll go to an organization that provides them. And while House leaders have finally released their bill, it’s one of several thorny issues that is yet to be resolved.



ARTICLE
Updated on March 7, 2017 at 7:29 p.m. ET
A Republican alternative to Obamacare years in the making was on the verge of unraveling just a day after its introduction, as conservative lawmakers, advocacy groups, and industry leaders denounced it as an insufficient answer to the nation’s healthcare challenges.
Party leaders in Congress and in the Trump administration held up the American Healthcare Act as the GOP’s long-awaited deliverance on its promise to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act with “patient-centered” market reforms, hoping to pass the bill through the House and Senate within a matter of weeks. But by Tuesday evening, it wasn’t clear whether the legislation would ever make it to a floor vote, and it was far easier to find lawmakers and organizations who were against the bill than it was to find those in favor of it.
Republicans in Congress were increasingly looking to President Trump to help lift their flagging legislation.
Despite a full-throated endorsement from the president and personal lobbying from Vice President Mike Pence, however, conservatives urged the House leadership to set aside the new bill and instead vote on a straight-forward repeal of Obamacare. They criticized the proposal as “Obamacare Lite,” arguing that it created a new entitlement program in the form of tax credits for health insurance and maintained the current law’s Medicaid expansion and some of its tax increases. “We are united on repeal, but we are divided on replacement,” Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky declared at an afternoon press conference. He stood alongside several members of the conservative House Freedom Caucus and with Senator Mike Lee of Utah, who said the House bill was “a step in the wrong direction and as much as anything a missed opportunity.”
The proposal’s supporters, however, were publicly unfazed. “Doing big things is never easy, but we have made a promise, and we are going to keep that promise,” House Speaker Paul Ryan said. He defended the bill as a dismantling of Obamacare and confidently predicted it would pass over conservative objections. “We will have 218 [votes] when this thing comes to the floor, I can guarantee you that,” Ryan said, referring to the threshold it would need to secure a majority in the 435-member chamber. (The actual threshold may be lower due to the five current vacancies.) At the White House, Trump was similarly upbeat as he met with the House GOP’s team of deputy whips responsible for shepherding the legislation to passage. “It’s a great bill,” the president said. “I really believe we’re going to have tremendous support. I’m already seeing it, not only from people in this room but from everybody.”
It wasn’t clear if Trump was aware of the forces arraying against the proposal outside the White House. Democrats are expected to vote against the bill without exception. In addition to conservatives in Congress, Republican Governors John Kasich of Ohio, Bruce Rauner of Illinois, and Paul LePage of Maine were among those who criticized the measure. The conservative advocacy groups Heritage Action, FreedomWorks, the Club for Growth, and the Koch Brothers-backed Americans for Prosperity all denounced the bill. The American Hospital Association issued a letter of opposition from its president and CEO, Richard Pollack. In the Senate, a member of the Republican leadership, Roy Blunt of Missouri, voiced doubts that the bill could secure a majority in either chamber.
Whether the initial opposition turns out to be a bump on the long road to passage or a fatal blow remains to be seen. The legislative process on Capitol Hill is almost always a roller-coaster, and that was never more true than when Democrats passed the Affordable Care Act seven years ago. The law took more than a year to get through Congress, and it appeared dead after Democrats lost their filibuster-proof majority in the Senate early in 2010. On Tuesday, Republicans vowed to press ahead, and both the House Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means Committee will go forward with plans to mark up their legislation on Wednesday.
Still, the intensity of the opposition on Tuesday was striking, and it appeared—at first glance—to explain why it took so many years for Republican leaders to embrace a detailed legislative alternative to Obamacare. The attacks arrived even before the Congressional Budget Office had a chance to fully assess the bill’s impact on the deficit and insurance coverage, which could become another flashpoint. Republicans were already anticipating, and preparing to rebut, a CBO projection that their bill would lead to an increase in the number of people without insurance.
At points during the day, whether the new proposal was even open to further negotiation was a matter of debate. While the White House embraced the bill as its own, Tom Price, the secretary of health and human services, repeatedly declined to say whether the administration supported every aspect of it. The proposal, he said, was “a work in progress.” Later in the afternoon, members of the Freedom Caucus said they had been told directly by Pence that party leaders would be willing to negotiate changes.
But by the evening, Trump began whipping the vote on Twitter. His first target was Paul. “I feel sure,” the president wrote, “that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!”
The effort to pass the healthcare bill will be a defining battle for Ryan as well as Trump’s first major legislative test. Republicans were leaning on the president’s support and hoping that his popularity among the rank-and-file would bring conservatives onboard. After just one day, however, their chances of success seem increasingly in doubt.



ARTICLE
More than 24 hours after organizers claimed Monday that Khizr Khan, the Gold Star father widely known for his criticisms of President Trump, had canceled an event in Canada after finding out his “travel privileges are being reviewed,” there’s still no concrete evidence to substantiate the claim.
On Monday afternoon, a Facebook page for Ramsay Talks, a speakers’ forum based in Toronto, announced that it would be canceling a March 7 luncheon with Khan, writing that Khan had been “notified that his travel privileges are being reviewed” and “will not be traveling to Toronto.” The statement included quotes attributed to Khan, which did not provide much additional detail. "This turn of events is not just of deep concern to me, but to all my fellow Americans who cherish our freedom to travel abroad. I have not been given any reason as to why. I am grateful for your support and look forward to visiting Toronto in the near future,” the message attributed to Khan read.
The statement quickly ricocheted around social media, despite sparking skepticism among journalists. But the circumstances surrounding the event’s cancellation remain murky. On Tuesday, The Washington Post reported that Bob Ramsay of Ramsay Talks said he was not aware of “exactly who conducted the review,” but indicated that based on his communication with Khan, “it was certainly U.S. authorities.”
A spokesman with U.S. Customs and Border Protection declined to discuss anything specifically related to Khan, citing privacy, but said in an e-mail that it “does not contact travelers in advance of their travel out of the United States.” The officer also emphasized that any U.S. citizen with a passport is permitted to travel abroad. According to a New York Times report from July, Khan “became a United States citizen after emigrating from Pakistan in 1980.”
Khan himself is doing little to clear up the confusion. An email sent to the KM Khan law office, which lists Khizr Khan as an attorney, on Monday was returned with a brief response: “I have no comments." It's unclear whether it was Khan himself who replied. Multiple media outlets, including The Washington Post, Reuters, McClatchy, and Politico, reported that Khan declined or did not respond to additional requests for comment.
William Stock, an immigration lawyer based in Philadelphia, professed his puzzlement about Khan’s account. “Mr. Khan has not provided any details that would allow me to figure out what the heck he’s talking about,” said Stock.  
He added that he was surprised by the report, in part because it’s not clear what “travel privileges” is referring to. “The use of that term makes no sense,” said Stock, who is the president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association. “International travel has generally been seen as a right for U.S. citizens, not a privilege.”
Stock noted that participation in an expedited travel-screening program like Global Entry, which is run by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to allow pre-screened travelers to move more quickly through airports after arriving in the United States, might more accurately be described as a travel privilege. But there’s nothing in the initial report to suggest that Khan is a member of that program.
The Daily Beast wrote that a spokesman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection broached the subject of Global Entry without prompting, and speculated in the sub-headline of its article that “it may be that his [Khan’s] Global Entry status is in trouble.” However, it noted that Khan had no comment when asked if the Global Entry program had anything to do with the event cancellation.  
The travel plans of the average American citizen would, of course, not generate the intense media coverage Khan has received. But Khan, the father of a slain Muslim American soldier, went from relative obscurity to become a high-profile political figure and Trump critic last summer, and he has remained critical of the president since.
Khan first came to prominence when he rebuked Trump at the Democratic National Convention, questioning whether the then-Republican presidential candidate had ever read the U.S. Constitution and accusing him of smearing “the character of Muslims.” Trump later responded in a statement that although he feels “for the loss of his son … Mr. Khan, who has never met me, has no right to stand in front of millions of people and claim I have never read the Constitution, (which is false) and say many other inaccurate things.”
The intensity of the coverage may have also had to do with timing: The notice of cancellation came on Monday, the same day the Trump administration issued a revised version of its travel ban. The original version of the ban, which was issued in January, prohibited travelers from seven Muslim-majority nations. Khan himself had been critical of its first iteration, including in an interview with The Toronto Star last week.
But until Khan himself chooses to clarify the claims made in his name, it may be impossible to tell what actually led to the cancellation of the Toronto event.



ARTICLE
President Trump lauded the “wonderful” new health-care legislation released by House Republicans on Monday, while some GOP lawmakers criticized it for not going far enough to eliminate the Affordable Care Act. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said he would bring the bill to the Senate floor if and when it passes the House. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Trump has “absolutely” no regrets about his claims that former President Obama ordered a wiretap on him, despite offering no evidence to back them up. WikiLeaks published thousands of documents allegedly taken from the CIA. All 100 U.S. senators signed a letter urging the Trump administration to do more to respond to the new wave of threats against Jewish facilities across the country.
The Atlantic is hosting a conference call for subscribers between David Frum, author of our March cover story, "How to Build an Autocracy," and Yoni Appelbaum, senior politics editor. On Friday, the two will go behind the story; analyze recent developments with the Trump presidency; and respond to readers' questions. Subscribe today to receive your invitation.

Lots to Unpack: Sarah Kliff breaks down the Republican health-care bill and examines the two big questions it leaves unanswered. (Vox)
Face Time: Instead of holding a public town hall to hear from constituents, California Representative David Valadao is meeting with them one-on-one. Valadao says it allows for constructive dialogue, but critics argue he’s afraid to face protesters. (Phil Willon, Los Angeles Times)
The Worst Job in Washington?: President Trump didn’t offer evidence when he accused former President Obama of tapping into his phones at Trump Tower, and he didn’t cite any sources when he complained of massive voter fraud in the election. But his advisers are expected to defend his claims anyway. (Shane Goldmacher, Politico)
‘A Colony in a Nation’: In 1968, Richard Nixon likened the African American community in the United States to “a colony in a nation.” Chris Hayes writes how American criminal justice serves as an example of this: “One (the Nation) is the kind of policing regime you expect in a democracy; the other (the Colony) is the kind you expect in an occupied land.” (Vanity Fair)
Introducing Ronna Romney McDaniel: In an interview with McClatchy, the new Republican National Committee chairwoman discusses her plans to balance the interests of Donald Trump’s coalition with those of the traditional GOP establishment. Can she unite the fractured party? (Katie Glueck)
 
Compare and Contrast: House Republicans have proposed their own health-care plan to replace Obamacare. This chart shows what will stay—and what will be changed—under the new proposal. (Haeyoun Park and Margot Sanger-Katz, The New York Times)
This week, a Northern Virginia school district is shutting down for the day after a number of staff members asked for the day off to participate in “A Day Without a Woman,” a day of protest to highlight the contributions of women to society. A few weeks ago, a number of restaurants and fast-food chains closed down for “A Day Without Immigrants” to spotlight immigrant contributions to the United States. Fill in the blank with a group of people you think deserves to be commemorated, and tell us why: A Day Without ___ .
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
President Trump released a new executive order on immigration and refugees on Monday. Like the previous version of the order, it includes a number of new tracking requirements for the Department of Homeland Security. While the list of requirements mostly focuses on terrorism-related activities and major crimes, it also calls out one specific category of crime: “so-called ‘honor killings’” and “acts of gender-based violence against women … by foreign nationals.”
While this provision of the executive order concerns all “foreign nationals,” it seems to be focused on violence in Muslim communities. It targets immigrants from six Muslim-majority countries and affects a large portion of Muslims living in the U.S.: Pew Research Center estimates that a little more than three-quarters of this group are either immigrants or the children of immigrants. “Honor killing” also seems to refer specifically to Muslims. The politically loaded term is sometimes used to describe homicide against women who allegedly “shame” their families, often through sexual impropriety, and is sometimes justified in religious terms.
Policy experts, mental-health practitioners, and legal advocates who work with domestic-violence victims believe the order may prevent immigrant women from reporting their abuse. They worry that it promotes inaccurate stereotypes about Islam. And they question whether the provision will actually help women, or further compound the complicated issues of abuse and violence among Muslim Americans.
The executive order calls for something that the government currently doesn’t have: a way to systematically track gender-based abuse. “There isn’t like a comprehensive, single source of information about how many citizens or non-citizens commit acts of domestic violence,” said Grace Huang, the policy director at the Asian Pacific Institute on Gender-Based Violence. Definitions of domestic abuse vary state by state, she said, and most statistics are gathered by imperfect phone surveys. A lot of abuse is also invisible: Women deal with all sorts of challenges in reporting their situations to authorities.
The group that may face the greatest barriers to reporting is the same group targeted by the executive order: immigrants. “Let’s say the husband is the abuser and … the breadwinner,” said Nadiah Mohajir, the co-founder and executive director of Heart Women and Girls, a Chicago-based organization that predominantly serves Muslim victims of sexual abuse. “The wife will likely be even more hesitant to report because she’s afraid of losing that financial security.” While this is a concern for all domestic-violence victims, it’s particularly acute for immigrants, Mohajir said. “If the wife and children have limited English skills or limited mobility in the country to survive on their own … the chances of them reporting will get slimmer and slimmer.”
There’s also the risk of deportation—for either the victim or the abuser. “One of the obstacles is … a mistrust of government agencies or service providers,” said Salma Abugideiri, the co-director of the Peaceful Families Project, which trains imams and Muslim community members on abuse issues. “People fear that by reporting domestic violence, they’ll get their children taken away from them, or their immigration process will be interrupted.”
“After September 11, we had abusers from certain communities who affirmatively used anti-Muslim hostility as a tool.”
Like members of any other religious group, Muslims in the U.S. might experience distinctive “flavors” of abuse, Abugideiri said, whether or not they’re immigrants. “Abusers will often use scripture as another control tactic. Muslims, like any other group of people, may not always be familiar with their scripture,” she said. “There may be Muslim women, Christian women, or Jewish women who believe the abuser is correct and they have the right, particularly if it’s the husband, to beat or discipline [them].”
Cultural mores might also make Muslim women reluctant to talk about violence. “There’s an extreme level of shame and stigma with respect to sexual assault in the Muslim community,” said Mohajir. “The need for the community to uphold positive and praiseworthy qualities like modest and privacy—they conflate that with feelings of shame.” And “the emphasis on sexual purity is another reason that survivors feel that they can’t report,” she added. “Especially if the survivor is unmarried, the concern becomes, ‘Well, who’s going to marry you now?’”
Tying the reporting of abuse to immigration restrictions isn’t an effective way of addressing domestic violence among Muslims immigrants or any other community, these advocates argued. If anything, the new policy may make the challenges harder. “After September 11, 2001, we had abusers from certain communities who affirmatively used anti-Muslim hostility as a tool of abuse,” said Huang. Her organization heard cases of abusers saying to victims, “‘If you contact that police, you’re exposing our entire community, our household, and you’re likely to be treated as a criminal as well.’”
“It’s reinforcing this idea that foreign immigrant men are violent.”
Already this year, officials reportedly arrested a woman in El Paso when she went to a courthouse seeking a protective order against her allegedly abusive boyfriend, who likely tipped off authorities about her status as an unauthorized immigrant. Advocates fear this kind of case could have a silencing effect in immigrant communities. “We’ve worked so hard to reassure survivors that … reporting domestic violence won’t actually get them deported,” Abugideiri said. “In an instant, all of that is out the window.”
Then there’s the question of “so-called ‘honor killings.’” Activists like Ayaan Hirsi Ali have tried to raise awareness about these kinds of murders in the United States, arguing that they pose distinctive challenges. As Ali wrote in The Atlantic in 2015, “Honor violence is communally sanctioned and often involves multiple perpetrators within the household or members of the community.” That means law-enforcement officials don’t necessarily respond adequately to victims’ needs, she argues.
But domestic-violence advocates worry that this phrase exacerbates stereotypes about violence in the Muslim community. “It’s reinforcing this idea that foreign immigrant men are violent,” said Mohajir. “In the West, ‘honor killings’ have become a way to otherize immigrant communities and [portray] their gender-based violence to be something so exotic.” The term itself is loaded: It suggests that homicide can be religiously justified. But “‘honor killing’ has nothing to do with Islam,” argued Aisha Rahman, the executive director of Karamah, a research and advocacy organization that works on issues of gender equity in Islam. “In Islamic law, there’s nothing that’s even called ‘honor killing.’”
None of this is meant to downplay the murder of women. “[Honor killings are] appalling,” Mohajir said. “But they’re very similar to other kinds of gender-based violence in other faith communities.” For domestic-abuse advocates, calling out one politically charged category of violence doesn’t actually help women. “Why would an ‘honor killing’ be any more egregious than stalking and homicide?” asked Huang. “Those of us that work with victims are equally concerned about all victims.”
Above all, that seemed to be the greatest concern among the domestic-abuse advocates I spoke with: that this provision is more about targeting immigrants than preventing domestic violence in the United States. “One in four women are victims of domestic violence in the United States,” said Rahman. Immigrants and Muslims both make up small portions of the U.S. population, but in reality, domestic violence is “an epidemic of gargantuan proportions,” she said, affecting all ethnic and religious groups.
“We have to move away from asking the question, ‘What is it about the Muslim community?’”
Karamah is one of many organizations that receives funding from the Department of Justice under Violence Against Women Act, which provides money for 25 grant programs designed to prevent and address abuse. The Trump administration will likely propose deep cuts to this and similar programs, following its promise to significantly reduce federal agencies’ budgets. A budget plan put together by the conservative Heritage Foundation, for example, eliminates the VAWA grants altogether, and the administration reportedly may follow much of what Heritage recommends. “If you want to signal that gender-based violence is a priority for you—as it should be, because of the incredibly high [number] of women who are being impacted—make sure that office remains funded, and remains funded well,” Rahman said.
In his speech to Congress, Trump argued that “those given the high honor of admission to the United States should support this country and love its people and its values.” Domestic-violence advocates would likely agree that protecting women and preventing abuse is in line with American values—as long as all women are protected, and violence is prevented in every community.
“There are a lot of men who beat their wives,” Abugideiri said. “We have to move away from asking the question, ‘What is it about the Muslim community?’ It’s nothing about the Muslim community. It’s about people, human beings, who have this capacity to hurt each other.”



ARTICLE
Why, last Saturday, did President Trump accuse former President Obama of wiretapping him? In its story tracing the accusation from Mark Levin’s radio show to Breitbart’s front page to Trump’s Twitter Feed, The New York Times offered a theory: Trump wanted to distract the press from bad news.
“To his adversaries,” wrote Peter Baker and Maggie Haberman, “Mr. Trump’s bomb-throwing seems like a calculated strategy to distract from another story he wants to avoid,” the story of “Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who recused himself last week from any federal investigation into the Trump campaign’s links with Russia in response to reports that he had met with Russia’s ambassador during the presidential race.”
But the Times questioned the wisdom of that strategy. “In shifting the story,” Baker and Haberman noted, “Mr. Trump also kept the Russia investigation front and center, rather than his initiatives on health care, taxes or jobs. His first address to Congress, which won him plaudits for being presidential, was last week but now feels ages ago.”
Moreover, when presidents try to divert the media’s gaze, it’s usually toward good news. In this case, Trump was advertising the possibility that people around him were under criminal investigation. “If an eavesdropping warrant had been approved,” noted the Times, “it would mean that a judge was convinced that someone in Mr. Trump’s circle might have committed a crime or acted as a foreign agent.”
So why did Trump do it? The Times ignored another, more plausible, theory: Trump isn’t distracting from the investigation; he’s seeking to discredit it . By alleging that Obama personally ordered his wiretapping, Trump is claiming that partisanship motivates the investigation into his campaign’s Russian ties. The law enforcement agencies conducting that investigation, therefore, aren’t independent and apolitical; they’re Democratic plants. And by sowing doubt about their motives, Trump’s lays the groundwork for discounting their findings, particularly if they ultimately implicate Trump or any of his associates.
The claim that Obama and his loyalists are orchestrating the investigations has been bouncing around pro-Trump media for a while. On March 3, Breitbart published an article headlined, “Obama Encouraged ‘Deep State’ ‘De Facto Coup’ Against Trump.” The same day, Rush Limbaugh warned that “Barack Obama and the Democrat Party are attempting to sabotage the Trump presidency.” Citing a radio broadcast by conservative radio talk show host Mark Levin the night before, Breitbart on Friday, March 5 ran a headline entitled, “Mark Levin to Congress: Investigate Obama’s ‘Silent Coup’ vs. Trump.”
“When Mr. Trump became aware of the claims in the Breitbart article,” the Times reported, “they were appealing to him.” They were appealing because, according to the Washington Post, Trump thinks “his presidency is being tormented in ways known and unknown by a group of Obama-aligned critics, federal bureaucrats and intelligence figures.” Levin and Breitbart’s conspiracy theory not only fed Trump’s sense of victimhood, it also offered him a roadmap for how to fight back.
The striking thing about Trump’s Saturday morning tweets is how personal they were. They didn’t mention the Justice Department and FBI, the institutions that are actually investigating Trump’s associates’ Russian ties, and which would have petitioned a FISA court to eavesdrop on his communications or those of any Trump associates. They didn’t even mention the “Obama administration.” In every tweet Trump mentioned President Obama himself, in the final one even calling him a “Bad (or sick) guy!”
By placing Obama at the center of the Russia investigations, Trump undermines the notion that the Justice Department and FBI are independent bodies seeking to enforce the law. Instead, they become Democratic front groups. The strategy resembles the one Trump has been employing against the press. If the mainstream media constitutes “the opposition party” —if their professional mission is a sham and they’re just Democratic Party hacks—then nothing they uncover about Trump’s Russia ties need be believed. It’s the same with the career attorneys at the Justice Department.
That argument is particularly vital for Trump now that Sessions has recused himself, and someone Trump can’t as easily influence will be overseeing the Department’s Russia investigation. By linking those investigators to Obama, Trump’s allies can discredit them. Already on Sunday, Levin told Fox News that Obama officials “have squirreled their appointees into the [Justice Department] bureaucracy.”
No one lives on Mount Olympus. Government lawyers, judges and journalists are all fallible. They are all vulnerable to bias and self-interest. But prior presidents have generally given them the benefit of the doubt. Prior presidents have assumed, absent contrary evidence, that they are motivated by professional standards, not rank partisanship. Trump does not. He has questioned the integrity of Judge Gonzalo Curiel and of vast swaths of the press. And now he is preparing to question the integrity of the career officials investigating his Russia ties.
They are all corrupt. They are all agents of the opposition, part of the massive conspiracy to deny Trump his rightful triumph. And thus, the independent standards by which they judge his actions are a sham. There are no independent standards. There is only the truth that comes from Trump himself.



ARTICLE
When the president speaks, Congress doesn’t always have to listen.
So when the White House on Sunday demanded an investigation into President Trump’s claim that former President Barack Obama ordered wiretaps on his phones during the 2016 campaign, lawmakers didn’t exactly spring into action in response.
Senior members of both parties said on Sunday and Monday that they had seen no evidence to support Trump’s tweeted allegation that Obama “was tapping my phones” last fall. And Republicans leading the investigations into Russian electoral meddling said they were already planning to include the Obama administration’s response as part of their inquiry. The upshot? While Trump’s allies on Capitol Hill will indulge his theory about his predecessor, his request won’t substantially alter what was already a rapidly expanding investigation into the actions of the Russian government and its links to the Trump campaign.
Both House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell were silent on the president’s accusation, referring questions to the intelligence committees that are leading the Russia probe in each chamber. And those committee chairmen issued brief statements promising that they’d look into it, but not much more.
“One of the focus points of the House Intelligence Committee's investigation is the U.S. government's response to actions taken by Russian intelligence agents during the presidential campaign,” said Representative Devin Nunes of California, the panel’s Republican chairman. “As such, the committee will make inquiries into whether the government was conducting surveillance activities on any political party’s campaign officials or surrogates, and we will continue to investigate this issue if the evidence warrants it.” Nunes’s counterpart atop the Senate Intelligence Committee, Richard Burr of North Carolina, was even more noncommittal. The committee, he said, “will follow the evidence where it leads, and we will continue to be guided by the intelligence and facts as we compile our findings.”
The statements were not the total brush-off that Democrats were hoping key Republicans would give to Trump, but they were indicative of a governing party that is growing more and more wary of the president’s tendency to pop off without facts, often in response to thinly-sourced news reports he sees in conservative media outlets. The White House made no attempt to substantiate Trump’s claim about Obama beyond the suggestion of counselor Kellyanne Conway, who on Monday noted that the president had access to intelligence that ordinary Americans did not. Whether that access had actually informed Trump’s allegation on Saturday was unclear; other reports said the president was merely re-circulating allegations that the conservative website Breitbart had picked up from Mark Levin, the talk radio host.
If Republicans reacted with the equivalent of an eye roll, Democrats saw something far more serious in the president’s latest tweetstorm.
“I think he crossed a line this weekend,” Representative Eric Swalwell of California, a member of the House Intelligence Committee, told me in a phone interview on Monday. “He lied to defame our former president.” Swalwell said that for Trump, it was part of “a pattern of deception and deflection when it comes to Russia.”
But the more concerning consequence, he said, was that the president’s comments could undermine confidence in the FISA system that allows the government to seek warrants from a special court to spy on those suspected of interacting with agents of a foreign power. “He’s the president of the United States, and he’s created a mess,” Swalwell said. “He’s taking a very strong country to its breaking point right now with his behavior.”
The top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, Representative Adam Schiff of California, was more dismissive of the president’s call for an investigation into wiretaps, which came more than 24 hours after Trump fired off his initial tweets.
“It’s a nonsense request designed to cover up a nonsense tweet,” Schiff said in a phone interview Monday.“I don’t think anyone takes the president's tweets seriously anymore, and certainly not these.” He said it would actually be fairly simple for the committee to dig into Trump’s claim: All it had to do, Schiff said, was to call in James Clapper and ask the former director of national intelligence to repeat his denial, issued Sunday on Meet the Press, that the intelligence community had obtained a wiretap on Trump or his campaign.
Democrats by and large have called for the appointment either of a special prosecutor or a blue-ribbon independent commission to handle the Russia investigation. Those demands continued after Attorney General Jeff Sessions last week recused himself from the Justice Department’s inquiry following the disclosure that he failed to disclose to the Senate that he met on multiple occasions with the Russian ambassador during the presidential campaign.
Democrats have argued that neither Trump’s political appointees in the Justice Department, nor Republican allies like Nunes in Congress, are credible leaders of a probe that could implicate the president in an election scandal of unprecedented scale.
Republican leaders have rejected those requests, deciding that the intelligence committees in the House and Senate are best-equipped to handle a bipartisan investigation involving highly classified material. And while Democrats hope that Trump’s latest accusation will help push Republicans toward supporting an independent prosecutor or commission, they are participating in the intelligence committee investigations after leaders of the two panels agreed on the scope of their inquiry.
In the House, for example, Nunes and Schiff announced last week that they would look both at “links between Russia and individuals associated with political campaigns or any other U.S. persons”—a Democratic demand—and at possible leaks of classified information from the intelligence community, which Nunes had sought at the behest of the president.
The House intelligence committee investigation began in earnest last week with a classified briefing from FBI Director James Comey, and on Friday the panel sent a letter formally requesting documents from the intelligence community related to its assessment that Russia interfered with the presidential election. Schiff said that while there is “a real sense of urgency,” there is no specific timeline for when the inquiry will be complete.
How cooperative the government will be is another question. Schiff said he was “discouraged” by Comey’s refusal to answer many of the committee’s questions last week, and Democrats are keenly interested in why the director decided to publicize the FBI’s investigation of Hillary Clinton during the campaign but not its reported probe of the contact Trump associates had with Russia.
Democrats don’t seem to think Congress will have the last word on the Russia investigations. And neither does the president. Press secretary Sean Spicer was asked on Monday if Trump would accept the outcome of the investigations on Capitol Hill.
Not necessarily, he replied. “I don’t think you would ever just blanketly say, ‘I’m ready to accept these outcomes,’” Spicer said. The president may have a better understanding of Congress than he lets on: Just as he can ask for all the investigations he wants, he doesn’t have to like what they find.



ARTICLE
There’s no shortage of reasons why Democrats in the United States might feel demoralized. The party is shut out of power in the White House and Congress, and its hold on state legislatures is at the weakest point in decades.
Despite, or perhaps because, of those circumstances, Ruy Teixeira, a senior fellow at the left-leaning think tank the Center for American Progress, wants liberals to embrace optimism. In a new book, The Optimistic Leftist: Why the 21st Century Will Be Better Than You Think, he argues that liberal conventional wisdom—which he describes as marked by beliefs like “the left is weak” and the planet is “sliding inexorably toward catastrophe” in the face of threats like climate change—is not only deeply pessimistic, but also mistaken.
In the short-term, Teixeira believes the president and Republicans in Congress will have a hard time delivering on their promises, either because of voter pushback or because some, like reviving a coal industry hurt more by market forces than government regulation, won’t be possible to fulfill.
The Optimistic Leftist also makes the case that even developments that currently look like setbacks for the progressive movement are bound up in long-term trends that ultimately advantage liberals. Take Trump’s election. Teixeira argues that Trump’s campaign for infrastructure investment without regard to deficit reduction signals “the beginning of the end for austerity economics, formerly the linchpin of conservative policy.” And he sees the Democratic Party’s loss of white-working class voters as a manifestation of economic and social changes, including a transition away from  manufacturing, that are “powering the emergence of new left coalitions” that will strengthen the political left.
The Optimistic Leftist builds on The Emerging Democratic Majority, a book Teixeira co-authored with journalist John Judis in 2002, which argued that increasing demographic diversity would create an enduring advantage for Democrats in the United States. The Emerging Democratic Majority has been held up as a cautionary tale in making sweeping political predictions. But Teixeira argues that it has been oversimplified and misunderstood, saying in an interview that "it was not an argument that demographic change guarantees electoral success," but rather that demographic shifts create favorable political terrain for Democrats if they can find a way to make the most of it.
Part of the message of The Optimistic Leftist seems to be that underlying advantages aren’t enough to deliver political victory if liberals succumb to complacency or are paralyzed by fear. The book emphasizes that optimism about the future of the political left is not only warranted, but also strategic. An optimistic outlook will help liberals enact their political agenda and win elections, Teixeira believes, while wallowing in pessimism will hurt the progressive cause.
I recently spoke with Teixeira about those arguments, and their potential limitations. A transcript of our conversation, lightly edited for clarity and length, appears below.
Clare Foran: Your book argues that pessimism “dramatically undermines the appeal of the left,” and “does not motivate the typical person” while “optimism, by contrast, mobilizes people.” Why do you think pessimism won’t mobilize Democrats? Reporting on town hall protests that have taken place in the aftermath of the presidential election suggests that people are motivated by anger and fear, and that many had not engaged in political activism previously. Doesn’t that cut against your claim that optimism is a better motivator than pessimism?
Ruy Teixeira: Outrage can be powerful, but I think there’s a difference between bursts of protest driven by anger, and long-term movement building. Fear and anger can motivate people to show up and protest, but that could lead to burnout if political situation they are protesting doesn’t change the way they want it to overnight. Anger is ultimately demoralizing. If you want to sustain a political movement over the long-term then optimism is essential. It’s what will keep people from throwing up their hands and giving up.
Foran: Hillary Clinton may have failed to win over voters in the industrial midwest and the rust belt because she ran on a platform that suggested the status quo was working for America at a time when, as you note in your book, inequality has been rising for decades. What if an optimistic mentality hurts Democrats by alienating people who don’t feel optimistic about their own future?
Teixeira: I don’t think that Clinton’s problem, in terms of what caused her to lose the white working class, was that she was overly optimistic so much as that it was that she didn’t talk to these people, and didn’t act like she thought they were important. Nobody wants to be told they’re deplorable. You want to tell people that you understand your problems, and have a plan to help make life better. She actually had some great ideas about how people that live in those areas could be helped, but I don’t think she really conveyed that. I think Clinton thought she could basically get elected on the basis of “I’m not him,” without spending enough time making an optimistic case, and showing people she could deliver on that. That didn’t work.
Foran: Does that mean you don’t think the Democratic Party needs to re-think its policy agenda in the wake of the election loss? Shouldn’t the party be willing to engage in self-reflection right now, including asking hard questions like whether its platform actually appeals to voters?
Teixeira: I definitely think the Democrats need to engage in considerable self-reflection on their policy agenda. Clinton had some good policies for declining communities that, as I say, were not heard by some of the voters she lost, but it is also true that these policies needed to be more fleshed out than they were in her campaign. Making the woes of declining communities a central concern will not only change who hears these policies but also the content of these policies. In short, the Democrats need to make a big offer in this area and that will take a great deal of serious rethinking and hard work.
Foran: What do you make of the fact that Clinton won roughly three million more votes than Trump in the popular vote, while losing the Electoral College? Doesn’t that show that even if there is a liberal majority of voters, that isn’t enough to actually hold onto political power?
Teixeira: In The Emerging Democratic Majority, I think we correctly diagnosed how the overall country is changing, and how some states were likely to change, but I think we didn’t pay enough attention to some of the structural obstacles that Democrats must now confront, including the concentration of Democratic-leaning voters in urban areas, and how that might interact with gerrymandering. Those dynamics have turned out to be quite important. The lesson I take from that is that the left needs to be more competitive in a lot of places and can’t just rely on changing demographics. Democrats need to get into a position where they can de-gerrymander congressional districts, and to get to that point the party will need to be more competitive in parts of the country that aren’t necessarily liberal-leaning. They cannot just cede that to the Republican Party.
Foran: You note that many people on the left believe the outlook for the future is extremely bleak and that it may already be too late to solve problems like climate change. Why are you confident that’s not the case, and why do you think that mindset is detrimental?
Teixeira: I think a lot of people on the left have lost faith not only in the future, but in the ability of science, technology and people to create a better life for themselves in the future. One example is global warming. Many liberals believe we’re already doomed. I just think that’s not true, and at the very least that kind of mentality will not help us confront the problem. Clean energy is becoming much cheaper, but we need to find ways to accelerate its deployment. And if you take the view that the planet is doomed, that strikes fear into people’s hearts, makes them want to curl up in a ball on the couch and scream.
Foran: If, as you suggest, the left has lost faith in science and technology, why do you think that is?
Teixeira: I think that Democrats have faith in the conclusions of science, but have lost faith in the ability of science and technology to create a better future. There’s a sense that there’s a dark side to science. There are parts of the left that are worried about things like genetically-modified agriculture, for example. And I think global warming has contributed since there’s this idea that our own technological achievements have come back to haunt us by polluting the Earth. I think that has infected the way some people on the left think about the future of the United States and the world. But that risks downplaying all the benefits that science and technology have already delivered and will continue to deliver.  We shouldn’t lose sight of that.



ARTICLE
Updated on March 7, 2017 at 12:22 p.m. ET
House Republicans leaders on Monday embraced a legislative plan to replace the Affordable Care Act for the first time in the nearly seven years since Democrats enacted the transformative health-insurance law.
Now, they have to sell it.
That challenge ran into an immediate threat from key conservatives who criticized the new proposal for failing to fulfill the party’s iron-clad promise to rip out the signature policy of former President Barack Obama. “It’s Obamacare in a different format,” Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio, a member of the hardline House Freedom Caucus, said in a phone interview. Jordan cited three provisions that conservatives have complained about for weeks leading up to the formal release of the House GOP plan on Monday evening: its extension of Obamacare Medicaid expansion for another four years; its failure to immediately repeal all of the law’s tax increases; and its call to provide refundable tax credits to help people buy insurance, which Jordan labeled “a new entitlement.”
Earlier on Monday, another member of the Freedom Caucus, Representative Justin Amash of Michigan, condemned the leadership bill in a two-word tweet: “Obamacare 2.0.” The full Freedom Caucus comprises about three dozen members of the 237 in the House Republican majority. If they voted as a bloc, they could sink the bill on their own. A spokeswoman for its chairman, Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina, said members were still reviewing the legislation on Monday evening, and Jordan said the group planned to meet on Tuesday to discuss it.
Representative Mark Walker of North Carolina, the leader of a far larger coalition of House conservatives, the Republican Study Committee, praised the new bill for moving in “the right direction” after he criticized an earlier draft. But he stopped well short of an endorsement. “We are carefully reviewing this legislation looking in three main areas of shared conservative concern: protection of the unborn, elimination of Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion and ensuring the tax credits are fiscally responsible,” Walker said.
The reaction from conservative advocacy groups was no more favorable to the Republican leadership. FreedomWorks labeled the plan’s requirement that people pay a 30 percent premium to insurers if they stop their coverage for more than two months “the Republican individual mandate.” The Koch Brothers-backed Americans for Prosperity urged the leadership to “go back to the drawing board” a day before it released their bill.
And on Tuesday morning, two more staunchly conservative activist organizations, Heritage Action and the Club for Growth, came out against the proposal. “Many Americans seeking health insurance on the individual market will notice no significant difference between the Affordable Care Act (i.e., Obamacare) and the American Health Care Act,” the group’s president, Michael Needham said. “That is bad politics and, more importantly, bad policy. Rather than accept the flawed premises of Obamacare, congressional Republicans should fully repeal the failed law and begin a genuine effort to deliver on longstanding campaign promises that create a free market health-care system that empowers patients and doctors.” The Club for Growth pejoratively dubbed the new bill “RyanCare” and added a new threat, vowing to downgrade any Republican who votes for the bill in the group’s closely-watched annual congressional scorecard.
Monday’s release of the legislation follows weeks of negotiations among Republican lawmakers and senior Trump administration officials. President Trump gave the bill a boost on Twitter, but the White House notably declined to explicitly endorse it. “Today marks an important step toward restoring health-care choices and affordability back to the American people,” Press Secretary Sean Spicer said. “President Trump looks forward to working with both chambers of Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare.” The president leaned in a bit more enthusiastically on Tuesday morning: “Our wonderful new healthcare bill is now out for review and negotiation,” he tweeted.
Yet what at least one conservative, Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky, seized on was not Trump’s praise of the proposal but his suggestion that it was up for negotiation. “It won’t work,” Paul said Tuesday morning on Fox and Friends, continuing a crusade against the bill before it came out. Calling the legislation “Obamacare Lite,” the former presidential contender said its replacement of the individual mandate with a premium payment to insurers a “bailout for the insurance companies” that was unconstitutional. “I think it’ll be a real mistake to go for this,” Paul said. “It won’t pass, and conservatives won’t take it.”
House leaders may need the president to make an aggressive push for the legislation for it to have a chance at passage. Trump plans to meet on Tuesday with the party’s team of vote-counters—a signal that he may engage in the legislative process more directly than he has so far. And the administration issued a letter of endorsement from Tom Price, the secretary of health and human services, and dispatched Mick Mulvaney, the budget director, to talk up the proposal on television. Both Price and Mulvaney are former congressmen who remain close with conservatives in the House, and the White House is banking on their ability to sell the plan to skeptical lawmakers. Yet despite their backing, the House Freedom Caucus, along with Paul and Senator Mike Lee of Utah, announced they would hold a press conference Tuesday afternoon, where they are expected to criticize the bill and call for a vote on a clean repeal of Obamacare.
Two House committees announced plans to mark up and vote on the bill on Wednesday, less than 48 hours after its introduction and, in all likelihood, before the Congressional Budget Office has a chance to fully review it and project its impact on the deficit and the number of Americans who will gain or lose health insurance.
As expected, Democrats immediately assailed the GOP bill as a plan that would strip insurance from people who gained coverage under Obamacare, cut taxes for the wealthy, and reduce funding for Medicaid. “This Republican bill will do massive damage to millions of families across the nation,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said. “Republicans have decided that affordable health care should be the privilege of the wealthy, not the right of every family in America.”  
House Speaker Paul Ryan has told Republicans he wants to pass the health-care bill within three weeks, but whether it ever makes it to a floor vote is an open question. The House effort nearly suffered a mortal blow hours before the plan was unveiled, when four Republican senators—Rob Portman of Ohio, Cory Gardner of Colorado, Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska—warned that the emerging proposal would strip insurance from millions of their constituents who gained coverage through the Medicaid expansion. “The February 10th draft proposal from the House does not meet the test of stability for individuals currently enrolled in the program,” the senators wrote in a letter to Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, “and we will not support a plan that does not include stability for Medicaid expansion populations or flexibility for states.”
Republicans have just a 52–48 majority in the Senate, so the loss of four votes would doom any legislation. Paul appears to be a hard “no” on the bill, and several other senators have voiced concerns. Capito told Bloomberg News on Monday night that the new House bill was “moving in the right direction” on Medicaid, indicating that her vote was not lost.
GOP leaders can find a narrow path to passage if enough of their members simultaneously accept legislation that falls short of full repeal while embracing the argument that more consumer choices, lower taxes, and less government involvement is worth the tradeoff of covering fewer people. If the initial reactions are any indication, however, that middle ground may not be large enough to hold a congressional majority.



ARTICLE
On Monday evening, the House Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means committees released the two long-awaited components of the House GOP’s plan to repeal and replace Obamacare. Although intense secrecy from House aides and a hunt for the bill last week involving Senator Rand Paul and a gaggle of reporters had raised expectations of dramatic changes, the bills that will go into markup Wednesday in the committees look pretty similar to a draft version of the bill that leaked a few weeks ago.
The two components—called the “American Health Care Act” in tandem—are intended to be passed by the reconciliation budgetary process, and as such only contain provisions that pertain to budgetary items, like the amount of the Affordable Care Act’s individual mandate tax or the Medicaid funding granted to states. The whole bill has yet to be scored by the Congressional Budget Office, a critical step that will determine both the number of people projected to gain or lose coverage under the law, and the amount of spending or saving it would incur.
In advance of that scoring, the general shape of the bill has been criticized from both sides even within Republican circles. Some, like the members of the more conservative Freedom Caucus in the House and Senator Rand Paul, have derided the tax credits as “Obamacare lite.” On the other side, some have blasted the idea of pulling Medicaid coverage away from sick, rural Americans who just became eligible under the ACA and enjoy their coverage. With the bill now public, it’s clear that while the framework does maintain some key Obamacare provisions, it also still would fundamentally reshape health policy—and reassign who reaps most of the benefits. Here’s a breakdown of what’s in the drafts:
First, the bill would roll back the ACA’s commitment to providing Medicaid funding for the so-called “expansion population,” or otherwise able-bodied, non-pregnant adults who qualified by their incomes under the ACA’s new rules. The bill doesn’t automatically take coverage away from those people, but it does end what’s called the “enhanced federal medical assistance percentage,” or FMAP, for them, whereby the federal government pays the vast majority share of their Medicaid costs. After 2020, states will no longer be allowed to enroll additional expansion adults, though those already covered will be allowed to remain covered if they don’t become ineligible for more than a month.
There’s a much more radical change to Medicaid in the bill, though, and it involves the restructuring of the program’s federal funding to a hard per-capita cap. The full ramifications of that restructuring can be viewed in detail here, but suffice to say that states will probably be receiving less federal funds than before, and will have much less flexibility year-to-year in their spending. Additionally, the funding increases scheduled to allow Medicaid funding to keep up with medical inflation have been reduced from the original draft bill. Further provisions:
The bill repeals the ACA’s cost-sharing reductions, where the federal government paid insurers to reduce the cost-sharing burden on enrollees based on their incomes. It also replaces the ACA’s age-rated, income-adjusted, cost-adjusted premium tax-credit for exchange plans with a more general refundable tax credit. That credit would still increase with age to accommodate their higher costs and would also contain some degree—though less on average than that of the ACA—of adjustment for income, but it would still not be adjusted to the average costs of the plans in particular markets.
In order to quell that attacks that it is “Obamacare lite,” this new bill also places an income cap on the refundable tax credit, where individuals making over $75,000 would have their credit reduced by 10 percent of each additional dollar, meaning that for many people the tax credit for insurance would completely disappear over $100,000. Further provisions:
This is where it gets really tricky for the CBO scoring. The new proposed bill cuts almost all of the revenue-generating pieces of Obamacare, from its tanning taxes to its medical-device taxes. The individual mandate to purchase insurance and the employer mandate to provide it are levied as taxes, and the Republican plan would repeal those as well. Although this plan will probably lower long-term Medicaid outlays, it’s unclear if the relatively generous tax credit and its rescission of revenue-generation will lead the bill as a whole to have a positive impact on the deficit. Further provisions:
The newly proposed act would increase annual contribution limits for health savings accounts for people with high-deductible health insurance plans, which also reduces people’s taxable income and the revenues for the federal government. On the other side of the revenue coin, the bill would cancel unobligated funding for the Prevention and Public Health Fund after 2018. That fund allows the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to supplement lagging public-health funding and respond to public-health crises via a wide range of mechanisms, including block grants to states. That fund also covers the CDC’s childhood lead prevention program.
The bill would also establish a “Patient and State Stability Fund” to provide states with grants to pursue certain innovations to reduce the cost and risks of health-care, including things like creating high-risk pools, providing preventative care, and establishing state-based cost-sharing reductions.
In all, the American Health Care Act is roughly a repeal of the Obamacare mandates, a steep rollback of current and future federal commitments to covering people via Medicaid, a replacement of the existing tax credit with one that’s less generous for low-income people but still applies to middle-class people, and a repeal of most of the revenue-generating taxes of the ACA. At first glance, it appears that the most likely result nationally would be a net loss of coverage and a decrease in insurance affordability for many people who are the most vulnerable, but at least some of that effect might be offset by some enhanced state Medicaid payment capabilities and the stability fund. For now, it’s on to markup and the CBO.
Related Videos




ARTICLE
President Trump signed a revised executive order on immigration, almost one month after a federal appeals court declined to reinstate his ban on travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said there is “substantial reporting” to justify Trump’s allegations on Saturday that former President Obama tapped his phones ahead of the election, but didn’t offer any sources to back the claim. The U.S. Supreme Court announced it will send a major transgender-rights case back to the appeals court to reconsider the Trump administration’s recent policy change. In another case, the Court ruled that lower courts will be permitted to examine otherwise-protected jury deliberations when there is evidence of racial bias. Trump has reportedly hired Andrew Giuliani, the son of former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, to work in the Office of Public Liaison and Intergovernmental Affairs.
The Atlantic is hosting a conference call for subscribers between David Frum, author of our March cover story, "How to Build an Autocracy," and Yoni Appelbaum, senior politics editor. On Friday, the two will go behind the story; analyze recent developments with the Trump presidency; and respond to readers' questions. Subscribe today to receive your invitation.

Redo: On Monday, President Trump signed a new executive order on immigration banning travel from six Muslim-majority countries. Here's why Iraq was excluded from the list in the revised version. (Kevin Liptak, CNN)
Off the Leash: In just a few weeks, the Trump administration and the GOP-controlled Congress has delayed, suspended, or rolled back scores of federal regulations in what appears to be “one of the most significant shifts in regulatory policy in recent decades.” (Eric Lipton and Binyamin Appelbaum, The New York Times)
‘Dance or Duel’: Is U.S.-Russia reconciliation during the Trump presidency really possible? Peter Ford argues that Russia’s increasingly assertive role in international affairs “bespeak a country no longer willing to cede the role of global sheriff to the US” and could threaten a future partnership. (The Christian Science Monitor)
‘Trump’s Worst Deal’: In 2012, the Trump Organization partnered with an Azerbaijani family related to Ziya Mammadov to build a five-star hotel. One problem: For years, the Mammadovs have been financially connected to an Iranian family with ties to the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps, a group the U.S. government has regularly accused of sponsoring terrorism. (Adam Davidson, The New Yorker)
The Kellyanne Conway Reboot: The Trump adviser has garnered national attention for her ability to spin and deflect during controversies. “But as Conway becomes more and more of a liability—and, the worst in Trump’s eyes, an embarrassment—she’s receded from public view.” Will she be able to salvage her image? (Anne Helen Petersen, BuzzFeed)
 
Here’s What’s New: The Trump administration released a new executive order on immigration on Monday. These charts show who will be affected by the travel ban—and who will not. (Anjali Singhvi and Alicia Parlapiano, The New York Times)
This week, a Northern Virginia school district is shutting down for the day after a number of staff members asked for the day off to participate in “A Day Without a Woman,” a day of protest to highlight the contributions of women to society. A few weeks ago, a number of restaurants and fast-food chains closed down for “A Day Without Immigrants” to spotlight immigrant contributions to the United States. Fill in the blank with a group of people you think deserves to be commemorated, and tell us why: A Day Without ___ .
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s accusation on Twitter that Barack Obama ordered a wiretap on his residence has been denied by the former president, rebutted by the FBI director, and criticized by Republican lawmakers. But it’s hardly surprising that Trump’s presidency has been mired in groundless conspiracy theories, since that’s exactly how this whole thing got started.
Even before he was a Republican presidential candidate, Trump’s modern political career kicked off with unfounded, and repeatedly disproved, rumors about Barack Obama's birth certificate. It continued when he became president-elect, as Trump fixated on the size of his inauguration crowd, arguing against all evidence that it was larger than the record crowd that showed up in 2008 to see President Obama sworn in. Now, as president, he has claimed that Hillary Clinton won the popular vote only because of several million illegal voters, none of whom the White House has been able to identify.
After the election, there was much hand-wringing in the media about journalism being lost to a surge of fake news--confirmation-bias candy built to attract clicks from gullible readers. But what about a marketplace for alternative facts and fake news created for and by the president himself?
In theory, the president of the United States incorporates the exclusive intelligence to which he has access into existing theories about the world, and uses it to craft policy. In practice, however, Trump appears to execute this sequence in reverse. He begins with a worldview in which all unhappy news is a plot against him, seeks out cable-news chyrons and headlines that animate his theory, and ignores any information to the contrary, even from his own intelligence agencies. After FBI Director James Comey asked the Department of Justice to discredit the president's “Obamagate” theory, Trump's spokeswoman told ABC that the president doesn’t believe the FBI.
This latest fictitious Obamagate theory was perhaps first proposed by Mark Levin, a conservative radio host. It received amplification from Fox News host Sean Hannity, Rush Limbaugh (who called it a “silent coup”), and a Breitbart columnist, Joel Pollak, whose column made the rounds in the Trump White House, as Brian Stelter reported. In other words, the news did not go viral so much as it pinged from one right-wing outlet to another, each lending credence to the story until Trump delivered the ultimate, news-cycle-busting broadcast.
This is a conspiracy-theory feedback loop, in which actors may see downstream value in promoting a story without evidence, not only because they think it will please conservative audiences, but also because it may eventually prompt an invaluable Trump endorsement. If you thought the incentives for “click bait” headlines were bad, imagine the incentives for “Trumpbait” news. Small-scale commentators and individual writers seeking national glory will see value in competing to construct the next “Obamagate.” If you are an ambitious writer watching the last 72 hours unfold, the obvious implication is that the president is scanning for stories that tarnish the legitimacy of his enemies in the media and the Democratic Party, and he will lavish valuable attention on the most sensational theories, whether or not they offer even the pretense of evidence for their claims.
In the long run, this conspiracy machine may prove disastrous for both Trump and the media companies whose stories he shares. For now, the value of advertising space for the Fox News shows the president watches has soared, as shows like Hannity broadcast the president’s message, and he tweets their best lines. But other news sources that rely on advertising may find that large companies don’t want their names anywhere near uncritical coverage or pro-Trump conspiracy theories. For example, an online activist campaign against Breitbart caused more than 900 companies to block the company from their programmatic ads buys. Individual writers may derive massive satisfaction in writing the sort of story that whirs through the White House printers. But at the corporate level, Breitbart may come to see that massive attention is not always massively marketable.
As for Trump, Americans are still learning what it means to have a president who is essentially a one-man media conglomerate, who processes the world through ratings and media representations of strength, and whose ultimate political goal sometimes seems to be avoiding looking like a fool, even when it means distributing ideas so unfounded that his own White House won’t back them up.
Some people imagine political propaganda as a top-down operation, in which the government beats down critical journalism and builds a machine of sycophancy to take its place. But propaganda in the age of Trump can self-assemble from the bottom-up. There’s no need to build 21st century Pravda; left unaided, attention-driven economics and status-seeking individuals who’d get a kick out of seeing the president tweet their essay will gladly write outrageous stories, designed to appeal to Trump's conspiratorial worldview, for the clicks. The propaganda will self-propagate, and the president won't even have to request it. That is what you might call an efficient market—just not for the truth.



ARTICLE
Watch Rand Paul to understand why Obamacare repeal is in so much trouble.
Paul faces a more agonizing dilemma than almost any other Republican senator. A libertarian ideologue and Tea Party stalwart, Paul has spoken vociferously about the imperative of repeal for years.
Yet Paul also represents a state that has done well out of the Affordable Care Act. Four hundred and forty thousand Kentuckians have gained coverage under the ACA; Kentucky’s uninsured rate tumbled from 20 percent in 2013 to 7.5 percent in 2015.
Even more strikingly, it is Kentucky’s Appalachian Southeast that has seen the biggest gains from the ACA. And it so happens that southeastern Kentucky voted more staunchly for Paul’s 2016 reelection than did any other section of the state.
Paul won 76.6 percent of the vote in Clay County, where 15.6 percent of the total population has gained coverage via the ACA’s Medicaid expansion. He won 81.5 percent of the vote in Jackson County, where 15.1 percent owe their Medicaid to the ACA. He won 84 percent in Leslie County, where 18 percent would lose Medicaid if Obamacare were repealed.
Very understandably, the version of Obamacare repeal that Senator Paul introduced in January 2017 leaves Medicaid untouched. But, of course, Paul has no such assurance about the version of reform being incubated by the House Republicans under Speaker Paul Ryan. Which may explain why Paul has emerged as the most outspoken Republican critic of Ryan’s health-care approach.
According to Paul himself, his resistance to the Ryan approach is driven by his own superior ideological purity. “I think it is Obamacare Lite. I didn’t sign on to vote for a new government program,” Paul told Fox News last week. Yet Paul must appreciate the practical consequences of his super-purist objection. The Ryan repeal plan is simultaneously under fire in the Senate from lawmakers who fear it goes too far. Senators Susan Collins and Bill Cassidy have introduced a measure that would preserve the ACA in its present form for those states that wish to participate—presumably including Cassidy’s state of Louisiana, which has signed up for the ACA’s Medicaid expansion.* ACA repeal can only happen if it is supported by all Republicans, accommodationists and purists alike. The vote tally won’t care why a Republican defects from the Ryan bill—only that he or she does.
Paul’s demand—repeal the ACA and replace it at the same time, even the same day—is obviously unworkable, even aside from the need to rally sufficient votes in the Senate to overcome a Democratic filibuster. You have to imagine that he and other self-imagined purists appreciate that.
But what is workable is a more familiar play: to strike a heroic attitude of principle while in fact supporting as the least-bad option a law that you nominally oppose. Bob Dole famously advised that the safest position for a politician is to “support the bill that failed; oppose the bill that passed.” One doubts that Rand Paul will be the only Republican to recognize the advantages of denounce-and-preserve over repeal-and-replace.
* This article originally stated that Maine expanded Medicaid under the ACA. We regret the error.



ARTICLE
Last week, Middlebury College, a Vermont liberal arts school with about 2,500 students, became the latest campus to make national headlines due to protesters who so detested a speaker that they tried to prevent their classmates from hearing him speak. Some cast the clash as pitting conservatives against liberals. But that isn’t right.
The social scientist Charles Murray arrived on campus at the invitation of a student group to speak about his book, Coming Apart: The State of White America, 1960–2010. Two students who extended the invitation, Alexander Khan and  Philip Hoxie, had been trying to understand the election of Donald Trump, although neither supported him. Intrigued by Coming Apart’s analysis of the growing cultural gulf between the white elite (from which Middlebury draws many of its students) and the white working class, they felt their campus would benefit from engaging with its author.
Many students and alumni and some faculty members disagreed.
Though the would-be censors varied widely in their familiarity with Murray and his beliefs, their objections flowed mostly from the content of his 1994 book The Bell Curve: Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life, and its most controversial argument: that the persistence of a black underclass in America is attributable partly to racial differences in intelligence, measured by IQ, that are partly genetic. (Like many of the protesters, I’ve never read the bestselling book, which was published when I was 14. Later, reading up on the debates that followed its publication, I thought the smartest critics of the two controversial chapters that focused on racial differences were more persuasive than their defenders.)  
Few nonfiction books have generated such sustained controversy, due largely to the horrific evils justified in bygone decades by pseudoscience positing white superiority and the fear that Murray’s words could be exploited by white supremacists.
The New York Times Magazine put its author on the cover along with a profile by reporter Jason Deparl titled “Daring Research or Social Science Pornography?” The New Republic, then edited by Andrew Sullivan, dedicated most of an issue to debating the book. Sullivan defended that decision two years ago, during one of the controversy’s periodic resurgences, after my colleague Ta-Nehisi Coates, who was attending Howard University when The Bell Curve was published,  wrote, “TNR's much celebrated ‘heterodoxy’ was built on a strain of erudite neo-Dixiecratism. When The Bell Curve excerpt was published, one of my professors handed out the issue to every interested student. This was not a compliment. This was knowing your enemy.”
Protesters at Middlebury felt they knew their enemy well enough to justify denying classmates the chance to hear about his new book—one that was treated seriously by most major publications that review books on its way to becoming an influential bestseller. Coming Apart focuses on white people of different classes, and appeared on many lists of books to read to understand Trump. I once took its “How thick is your bubble?” quiz and found it a valuable exercise. After lining up early for seats outside a campus venue that holds 400 people, alongside students who wanted to hear the speech, protesters listened politely as senior Ivan Vallardes spoke about how the campus AEI club, the event’s sponsor, helped him transition from a diverse New York City arts high school to a rural college by offering a setting “where diversity of expression could thrive.”
“Not only have my predispositions been challenged and tested—I have also found myself wanting to delve deeper into unknown subjects and opinions,” he said. “Our aim is not to convince someone of any particular ideology. It is to come together as a community of students to deliberate and learn outside of the classroom.”
The protesters kept listening, if less politely, as Middlebury President Laurie L. Patton noted the school’s commitment to unlocking the potential in every student regardless of identity; reminded students that college policy allows everyone “to examine and discuss all questions of interest to them, and to express opinions publicly and privately;” warned that they would be in violation of college rules if they prevented anyone from speaking; noted that she disagrees profoundly with some of Charles Murray’s views; and exhorted students, “if there ever was a time for Americans to take on arguments that offend us, it is now. If there ever was a time for us to challenge influential public views with better reason, better research, better logic, and better data, it is now. If there ever was a time when we need to argue back, to declare ourselves committed to arguing for a better society, it is now.”
As Charles Murray was introduced, some protesters felt justified in disparaging the student who introduced him and shouting from the audience as that student made a brief case for the liberal-arts tradition and the benefits of free speech. Then, moments after Murray began to speak, the protesters imposed their will. Large swaths of the audience stood, turned their backs to the stage, and shouted a speech of their own that commences at about the 19-minute mark in this video:

Eventually, they began to chant, “Your message is hatred—we will not tolerate it,”  and “Charles Murray go away—racist, sexist, anti-gay.” Some held signs that said, “No eugenics here.” One sign said, “Fuck rhetorical resilience,” objecting to a value many, including the administration and numerous faculty members, hold dear.
Murray stood silently at the podium through about 20 minutes of denunciations. Eventually, he was ushered aside by an administrator, who said, “I apologize for the disruption of the event, to Mr. Murray, and to those of you who’ve been approaching us and asking when you will be able to hear him. Mr. Murray has just told me in the clearest terms that he would like to stay here for a long time … we believe that it is a deeply held value at his institution for people to be able to hear and listen to a variety of views, and for speakers to be able to visit our campus and to communicate their own views. I’ll leave the choice with you.” The protesters chose to reject that final plea. So the administrator announced that they would move to a secure room, set up a livestream, and go forward with the event, broadcasting it to back to the original room and to anyone on campus with a device. Even during the livestream, protesters tried to disrupt the event from outside the secure room, chanting, banging on windows, and even pulling fire alarms.
And that’s all before Allison Stanger, the professor who spoke with Charles Murray on the livestream, pressing him on many of his controversial views, was made to fear for her life. That’s how she put it in a public Facebook post that described events that ended with her at a hospital with a neck injury.
Her words:

I agreed to participate in the event with Charles Murray, because several of my students asked me to do so. They are smart and good people, all of them, and this was their big event of the year. I actually welcomed the opportunity to be involved, because while my students may know I am a Democrat, all of my courses are nonpartisan, and this was a chance to demonstrate publicly my commitment to a free and fair exchange of views in my classroom. As the campus uproar about his visit built, I was genuinely surprised and troubled to learn that some of my faculty colleagues had rendered judgement on Dr. Murray’s work and character, while openly admitting that they had not read anything he had written. With the best of intentions, they offered their leadership to enraged students, and we all now know what the results were.

I want you to know what it feels like to look out at a sea of students yelling obscenities at other members of my beloved community. There were students and faculty who wanted to hear the exchange, but were unable to do so, either because of the screaming and chanting and chair-pounding in the room, or because their seats were occupied by those who refused to listen, and they were stranded outside the doors. I saw some of my faculty colleagues who had publicly acknowledged that they had not read anything Dr. Murray had written join the effort to shut down the lecture. All of this was deeply unsettling to me. What alarmed me most, however, was what I saw in student eyes from up on that stage.  Those who wanted the event to take place made eye contact with me.  Those intent on disrupting it steadfastly refused to do so. It was clear to me that they had effectively dehumanized me. They couldn’t look me in the eye, because if they had, they would have seen another human being. There is a lot to be angry about in America today, but nothing good ever comes from demonizing our brothers and sisters.

Things deteriorated from there as we went to another location in an attempt to salvage the event via live-stream for those who were still interested in engaging. I want you to know how hard it was for us to continue with fire alarms going off and enraged students banging on the windows.  I thought they were going to break through, and I then wondered what would happen next.  It is hard to think and listen in such an environment.  I am proud that we somehow continued the conversation.  Listen to the video and judge for yourself whether this was an event that should take place on a college campus.

When the event ended, and it was time to leave the building, I breathed a sigh of relief. We had made it. I was ready for dinner and conversation with faculty and students in a tranquil setting. What transpired instead felt like a Baghdad scene from Homeland rather than an evening at an institution of higher learning.  We confronted an angry mob as we tried to exit the building. Most of the hatred was focused on Dr. Murray, but when I took his right arm both to shield him from attack and to make sure we stayed together so I could reach the car too, that’s when the hatred turned on me.  One thug grabbed me by the hair and another shoved me in a different direction.  I noticed signs with expletives and my name on them. There was also an angry human on crutches, and I remember thinking to myself, “What are you doing? That’s so dangerous!”

For those of you who marched in Washington the day after the inauguration, imagine being in a crowd like that, only being surrounded by hatred rather than love.

I feared for my life.

Once we got into the car, the intimidation escalated.  That story has already been told well.  What I want you to know is how it felt to land safely at Kirk Alumni Center after taking a decoy route. I was so happy to see my students there to greet me. I took off my coat and realized I was hungry. I told a colleague in my department that I felt proud of myself for not having slugged someone. Then Bill Burger charged back into the room (he is my hero) and told Dr. Murray and I to get our coats and leave—NOW.  The protestors knew where the dinner was. We raced back to the car, driving over the curb and sidewalk to escape quickly.

It was then we decided that it was probably best to leave town.

After the adrenaline and a martini (full disclosure; you would have needed a martini too) wore off, I realized that there was something wrong with my neck. My husband took me to the ER, and President Patton, God bless her, showed up there, despite my insistence that it was unnecessary. I have a soft brace that allowed me, after cancelling my Friday class, resting up all day, and taking painkillers, to attend our son’s district jazz festival. He’s a high school senior who plays tenor sax, and I cried when I was realized that these events had not prevented me from hearing him play his last district concert.

To people who wish to spin this story as one about what’s wrong with elite colleges and universities, you are mistaken. Please instead consider this as a metaphor for what is wrong with our country, and on that, Charles Murray and I would agree. This was the saddest day of my life. We have got to do better by those who feel and are marginalized. Our 230-year constitutional democracy depends on it, especially when our current President is blind to the evils he has unleashed. We must all realize the precious inheritance we have as fellow Americans and defend the Constitution against all its enemies, both foreign and domestic.

That is why I do not regret my involvement in the event with Dr. Murray. But as we find a way to move forward, we should also hold fast to the wisdom of James Baldwin, “Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.”

Your fellow citizen and Middlebury community member,

Allison Stanger

While only Middlebury students were permitted inside the lecture hall, it appears that some of the protesters outside of the event were not students enrolled at the college. Inside Higher Ed reports that “a small group of six to 12 people who appeared not to be students were involved in the attack on the car and Stanger. These people were dressed in black and wore masks. Earlier some of them tried to enter the lecture hall and were turned away.” Some of the people banging on the car were students, according to the article; the masked unknowns, who looked older, got away.
During the November 2015 protests at the University of Missouri, I wrote about Tim Tai, a student journalist who was trying to document the event, and what happened to him:

In the video, I see the most vivid example yet of activists twisting the concept of “safe space” in a most confounding way. They have one lone student surrounded. They’re forcibly preventing him from exercising a civil right. At various points, they intimidate him. Ultimately, they physically push him. But all the while, they are operating on the premise, or carrying on the pretense, that he is making them unsafe.

It is as if they’ve weaponized the concept of “safe spaces.”

“I support people creating ‘safe spaces’ as a shield by exercising their freedom of association to organize themselves into mutually supporting communities,” Ken White wrote prior to this controversy. “But not everyone imagines ‘safe spaces’ like that. Some use the concept of ‘safe spaces’ as a sword, wielded to annex public spaces and demand that people within those spaces conform to their private norms.”

You can see video here of protesters pushing forward into him, even as they surreally accuse him of pushing them. At Middlebury, some of the students who mobbed Murray and Stanger as they left the event—surrounding their car as some banged on its hood and windows—then portrayed themselves as the party that was physically endangered. They published this statement anonymously in a student publication.
It reads, in part:

In recounting the events of Thursday night, it is essential to emphasize that protesters did not escalate violence and had no plan of violent physical confrontation. We do not know of any students who hurt Professor Stanger; however, we deeply regret that she was injured during the event. We are also deeply disturbed that Public Safety, private security officers and Burger incited and continually used violent and abusive force towards students and community members. Burger, Stanger, and Murray left McCullough around 7:00 p.m., surrounded by security personnel. Community members and students lined the path to their car, chanting and holding signs as the group left the building.

One person blocked the sidewalk, holding a large sign in front of Murray. In the first of a series of disproportional and escalating acts of violence, security personnel immediately and without warning began pushing and pulling protesters out of the way as soon as they were within arm’s reach. Some people were thrown to the ground by security personnel, and one person was struck hard in the chest. A student reports that Professor Stanger’s hair was not intentionally pulled but was inadvertently caught in the chaos that Public Safety incited. It is irresponsible to imply that a protester aggressively and intentionally pulled her hair.

Protesters then surrounded the parked car, with some pushing on the sides of the car. Several people stood behind the car, yet Burger attempted to back out of the parking spot. He managed to back out by inching through a throng of security personnel and protesters. He proceeded to drive through the crowd. At times Burger accelerated forward into protesters. Security personnel pushed, grabbed and dragged students and community members to the asphalt to clear the area around the car. Security personnel inflicted bruises and other physical harm on many people. One observer states that they saw Public Safety Telecom Manager and Tech Support Specialist, Solon Coburn, put his body between outside security personnel and protesters, mitigating security personnel’s unacceptable over-reactions.

A traffic sign with a concrete base was knocked over in the path of the car. Burger was warned to stop by hand gestures and verbal warnings from multiple officers and protesters standing directly in front of the car. Instead, he accelerated into them and the concrete base, wedging a student between the car and the sign post, pushing both for a couple seconds and generating sparks and loud screeching. Burger showed no signs of stopping the car so people attempted to slow the car down to ensure the safety of the pinned student. Fortunately, someone was able to yank the student up from between the car and the sign post before the student was injured or killed. The sign was righted and Burger continued attempting to build up speed, at times running into protesters at around 5 miles per hour, sending people onto the hood of the car.

The crowd began to disperse as Burger turned onto VT Route 30/South Main Street. A person was still on the hood of the car. Consistent with security personnel’s shouts to “go faster,” Burger accelerated to approximately 25 miles per hour, at which point the person, fearing for their safety, rolled off the hood and into the middle of the road across from Meeker House. Burger did not stop, and drove away from the person lying in the road. The actions of Vice President for Communications Bill Burger and Public Safety officers threatened students and community members for Murray’s benefit. We condemn the administration and Public Safety’s actions on Thursday night and since then — especially their attempts to discredit the protesters inside and outside McCullough.

The administration’s support of a platform for white nationalist speech was an intense act of aggression towards the most marginalized members of the Middlebury community… peaceful protest was met with escalating levels of violence by the administration and Public Safety, who continually asserted their support of a dangerous racist over the well-being of students. Burger and Public Safety personnel should be held accountable for these acts through appropriate disciplinary channels.

To review, allowing Murray to stand on a stage and speak about Coming Apart was “an intense act of aggression,” while mobbing a speaker and faculty member, surrounding their car, banging on its windows, and jumping on its hood was “peaceful protest.”
There is a double-standard here.
A very different post-mortem was penned by Ata Anzali, a professor who attended university in Iran during a crackdown on free speech, and immigrated to the United States in large part because he knew that his freedom of speech would be protected.
“As I sat in McCullough Student Center on Thursday, unsuccessfully trying to watch the live stream of Charles Murray’s speech in the middle of student protests, fire alarms going on and off, and the live stream being cut off, I saw the frozen face of a man with whom I deeply and fundamentally disagreed,” he wrote. “As events unfolded, however, I could think less and less about my disagreements with him and more and more about how much the student protestors — who could afford to ignore Middlebury College President Laurie Patton and Professor Allison Stanger’s open and strong invitation for civic engagement and rhetorical resilience — took the tremendous amount of freedom that they had for granted. A freedom that, even after the loss of thousands of precious lives in its pursuit, still looks like an elusive dream in many countries across the globe.”
In an echo of those sentiments, Martin Naunov, a Middlebury student who grew up in Macedonia, told me that he favored protesting Charles Murray’s appearance but vehemently disagreed with hijacking the event and preventing him from speaking.
He emailed me this:

I am saddened and concerned by the intolerance and disrespect for liberal values—especially freedom of speech—that a minority (a sufficiently large minority however) of Middlebury College students displayed yesterday. Growing up in a non-democratic country has instilled in me a deep appreciation of the right to free speech, even of ideas that offend, shock, or disturb me. I have actually talked to other Middlebury students and faculty who are originally from non-democratic countries and we are all kind of blown away by the ideological intolerance that some protestors displayed yesterday—it honestly reminds us of the intolerance we see in our countries of origin.

I want to be clear that I supported the protests. Protesting racial prejudices is noble and admirable. An extension of free speech in its own right. But protest is one thing and hijacking a speech is something else. In a few weeks, Middlebury is hosting another controversial speaker: Edward Snowden. Should some who are convinced that he is a traitor slam chairs or pull the fire alarm throughout the whole event, preventing others from considering or challenging Snowden’s ideas? Today it's Murray they are shouting down with the Heckler's veto but at other, more conservative, campuses it could be a pro-choice or pro-LGBT speaker. It could easily go the opposite way. Middlebury, an institution I am so proud to attend, has admirably committed to both the principle of equality and the principles of free speech and civil, intellectual discourse. The disrupting and vulgar nature of the protests yesterday goes against the traditions and policies of Middlebury College and is the antithesis of what liberal arts education should stand for.

The student went on to observe, correctly, that “a lot of media presented this as an issue between liberals and conservatives, but I think that this is inaccurate and misleading. Although the talk was organized by conservatives,” he wrote––the two student organizers I spoke to actually described themselves as libertarians, and said that the AEI club has leadership that is ideologically mixed––“the vast majority of those who profoundly opposed the disruptive nature of the protests, myself included, identify as liberals. Liberals and conservatives are together in this against a small but arrogant and vocal group that seems to be questioning the very value of free speech and civil discourse.”
In the national media, the fallout from this incident has been bad press for Middlebury, much of it undeserved, insofar as the institution has, so far, done everything that a champion of free speech, academic inquiry, or liberal values could ask when confronted with protesters who feel justified in forcibly stopping an event. I expect this isn’t the last time we will see a livestream used as a backup technique.
Regular readers know that I am a frequent proponent of free speech, the burdens that marginalized students disproportionately face when it is threatened, and the value of debate. For that reason, I want to avoid the course many publications have taken of denouncing the protesters who shut down the Charles Murray event through stigma, without ever addressing their arguments and explaining why I believe they are wrong. It is a minority of undergraduates who support no-platforming speakers. But that minority will grow even bigger if the rationale that they offer for their actions is not aired and addressed in detail. As I explain here, stigma is self-defeating. So I ask defenders of shutting down the Charles Murray event, or those with other perspectives: email your most persuasive arguments to conor@theatlantic.com.
Others will be responding to these events by trying to teach, rather than debate. Among them is Matt Dickinson, a Middlebury professor who published a blog post lamenting the way that last week’s event unfolded.
He wrote:

Two days before Murray’s talk I spent my entire weekly politics luncheon discussing Murray’s research in the Bell Curve, and acquainting students with many of the critiques of his findings.  My presentation was attended by a packed audience of students and local residents, and many of the students went away primed to do battle with Murray.  A few of them, drawing in part on my slide presentation, put together a pamphlet outlining five criticisms of Murray’s argument in the Bell Curve, which they placed on every seat in Wilson Hall.  Unfortunately, due to the actions of protesters, my students never had the opportunity to engage Murray beyond a few questions directed at him via Twitter.  

What’s worse, they now find themselves inaccurately characterized in media outlets as coddled, immature “snowflakes” and “liberal fascists” bent on promoting intolerance and hate. The ability of a vocal minority of students to impose their will on the majority of their peers – and evidently to feel no compunction in doing so – raises some important questions regarding Middlebury College’s central mission and whether and to what degree it is in danger of slipping away.

He added that it is easy to blame those Middlebury students for not fully understanding the importance of the free expression of ideas and the need to tolerate opposing views.
“However,” he wrote, “I wonder whether we, as faculty, should shoulder some – most – of the blame for their ignorance?  Are we teaching students why we hold so strongly to these ideals?  Perhaps if we spent as much time discussing the reason why even speech they view as hurtful should not be suppressed as we do explaining the College honor code, Thursday’s event might not have happened.  If we do not explain to students what underlies the College’s rules regarding speech, how are they expected to understand why their actions last Thursday are viewed by so many, including almost every Middlebury student with whom I have talked, as abhorrent and unacceptable, and why some may face disciplinary action?”
To teaching all this, he concluded, “I am committed to trying.”



ARTICLE
President Trump replaced his controversial ban on travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries with a scaled-back version on Monday, narrowing its scope to block only new applicants for visas and removing Iraq from its coverage. The scaled-back ban represents a considerable defeat for the president, whose original executive order was met with protests and a stern rebuke from the federal judiciary.
The new order, which goes into effect one minute after midnight on March 16, prohibits entry into the United States for citizens of six countries—Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen—for 90 days for those who do not already hold a valid visa. New visas will not be issued and expired visas will not be renewed for citizens from the six countries during the 90-day period.
That’s a major shift from the original January 27 order, which suspended virtually all visa travel from those six countries, as well as Iraq. The sweeping travel ban affected hundreds of thousands of immigrants living inside the United States, including permanent residents from the original seven countries with valid green cards. The ban’s sudden implementation led to chaos at major U.S. airports as hundreds of travelers were blocked from entering the country mid-transit.
In a conference call with reporters on Monday, Homeland Security officials stressed the order’s narrow impact. “If you're in the United States on the effective date of this order, which is March 16, it does not apply to you,” a senior Homeland Security department official said. “If you have a valid visa on the effective date of this order, it does not apply to you.” Travelers from the six countries with valid, multi-entry visas “aren’t going to have any issues,” the official emphasized.
Another major change is the removal of Iraq from the list of countries affected by the moratorium. “On the basis of negotiations that have taken place between the Government of Iraq and the U.S. Department of State in the last month, Iraq will increase cooperation with the U.S. Government on the vetting of its citizens applying for a visa to travel to the United States,” the Department of Homeland Security said in a factsheet on Monday. “As a result of this increased information sharing, Iraqi citizens are not affected by the Executive Order.”
That change came amid strong diplomatic pressure from the Iraqi government, which is currently fighting alongside the U.S. military against ISIS in the country’s northern regions. Iraqi translators who worked alongside U.S. soldiers during the war will also be free to enter the United States; their exclusion from the original order frustrated Pentagon officials until the Trump administration carved out an exemption in February.
In addition, the new order includes a series of exemptions that U.S. immigration officials can use to waive the six-nation visa ban on a case-by-case basis. Those provisions allow officials to issue visas to student and work visa-holders outside the country when the order goes into effect, infants and children, people needing urgent medical care, U.S. government employees, members of certain international organizations, and immigrants to Canada.
Like its predecessor, the new order also shuts down the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program for 120 days, effectively halting the admission of new refugees into the United States for four months. But Monday’s order no longer includes the January 27 order’s permanent ban on Syrian refugee admissions, and it also removes the exemption for religious minorities.
The genesis of Trump’s executive order dates back to his December 7, 2015 call for a “total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country's representatives can figure out what is going on.” Over the course of the presidential campaign, the “total and complete shutdown” shifted towards calls for “extreme vetting,” which, as my colleague David Graham noted, sounded a lot like the current vetting system in place for refugees and immigrants.
Most of the changes seemed designed to insulate the order from a defeat in the courts, and U.S. officials framed it as a valid national-security measure. “This is not a Muslim ban in any way, shape, or form,” a senior Department of Homeland Security official said during the Monday conference call. “This is temporary suspension from six countries that are either failed states or state sponsors of terror.”
But the groups waging legal challenges against the original order were unconvinced. “The only way to actually fix the Muslim ban is not to have a Muslim ban,” Omar Jadwat, the director of the ACLU’s Immigrants’ Rights Project, said in a statement. “Instead, President Trump has recommitted himself to religious discrimination, and he can expect continued disapproval from both the courts and the people.”
Monday’s order will still likely face scrutiny by the judiciary. In the weekend following the original order’s chaotic rollout, multiple federal judges issued temporarily restraining orders, or TROs, that blocked the State Department and Department of Homeland Security from enforcing most of its provisions. The most sweeping injunction was issued by federal district court judge James Robart in Seattle in a lawsuit brought by the states of Washington and Minnesota against the Trump administration.
Those states had argued the January 27 executive order violated the First Amendment’s ban on religious discrimination and the Fifth Amendment’s due-process protections. States typically have little ground to challenge immigration policies by the federal government, but Washington and Minnesota argued they had standing to contest the order by citing its impact on some students and faculty in their public-university systems. A three-judge panel in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals agreed to uphold Robart’s injunction on those grounds.
Washington Attorney General Robert Ferguson said Monday the state was reviewing the legal implications after the new order’s announcement. But legal experts noted Trump’s rhetoric and past comments could still threaten the revised order in court.
“Some of the challenges to the initial order would be blunted by the changes reflected in the newly issued travel ban, but the most fundamental constitutional infirmities in the original ban, stemming from its grounding in anti-Muslim sentiment rather than in any rational assessment of danger, all remain,” said Laurence Tribe, a Harvard University constitutional law professor. “History cannot be so easily erased, and the Supreme Court’s decisions about the Religion Clauses and the Equal Protection Clause all reflect a strong concern with religiously or ethnically motivated restrictions that denigrate people based on their beliefs or their ancestry.”



ARTICLE
The Supreme Court sent an important case concerning a transgender student in Virginia back down to the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals on Monday, in part because of the Trump administration’s new position on the issues involved in the case.
In Gloucester County School Board v. G.G., Gavin Grimm sued his school district for the right to use the boys’ bathroom, which corresponds with his gender identity. Under the Obama administration, it looked like Grimm might have a strong chance of success at the country’s highest court, potentially setting a precedent for school districts across the country. Now, that’s looking less likely.
The Trump administration has rolled back Obama’s former policies, meaning that transgender students like Grimm may have to follow policies on bathroom use and other accommodations set by individual school districts.
Grimm’s case has been winding its way through the court system for nearly two years. In the summer of 2015, a federal district court dismissed Grimm’s claims. The judges’ decision turned on their interpretation of Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, which prohibits sex discrimination in schools that get federal funds. Courts have disagreed about the meaning of sex discrimination: Some have held that it covers gender identity, meaning that it prohibits discrimination against transgender people like Grimm. Others, like the district court in Grimm’s case, have disagreed. The Obama administration supported the inclusive interpretation, instructing schools to accommodate transgender students.
Last April, the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals handed down a decision in Grimm’s favor: They held that the courts should defer to the administration’s interpretation of Title IX, meaning in effect that Gloucester County should have to let Grimm use the bathroom of his choice. The Supreme Court stayed the opinion and the school district appealed. In October, the Supreme Court agreed to hear the case. Arguments were set for late March.
But in February, the Trump administration withdrew the Obama administration’s guidance, arguing that “there must be due regard for the primary role of the States and local school districts in establishing educational policy.” This was a clear sign that Trump is backing away from the Obama administration’s inclusive interpretation of Title IX, favoring the previous status quo in which individual school districts decided how to deal with transgender students according to state and local laws.
While Grimm’s attorneys encouraged the Supreme Court to move forward with the case despite the Trump administration’s new letter, the justices declined to do so on Monday, remanding the case back to the Fourth Circuit for further consideration “in light of the guidance document issued by the Department of Education and Department of Justice on February 22, 2017.”
The Supreme Court’s decision not to hear the case at this point is a sign that this issue is likely to remain unresolved, at least for the near future. The courts have long been conflicted about the meaning of Title IX and other civil-rights statutes that deal with sex discrimination, in part because the law is arguably unclear about what sex discrimination means.
In wrestling with cases like Grimm’s, they have consistently looked to the executive and legislative branches for guidance. So far, Congress hasn’t passed a law that clearly and incontrovertibly prohibits gender-identity discrimination in the context of education, employment, or other arenas. In practice, that has meant the White House and other agencies have had an outsized influence in determining how cases like Grimm’s should be handled.
With its guidance letter to schools, the Obama administration set up transgender kids for success in making anti-discrimination claims in court. That’s largely why Grimm was victorious at the Fourth Circuit. Now, the Trump administration has reversed their fortunes, making it less likely that students like Grimm will prevail. When Gloucester County is argued before the Fourth Circuit for a second time, Grimm will be missing much of the support that helped him win the first time—including the support of the White House.



ARTICLE
My fellow liberals, please watch the following video. It suggests that something has gone badly wrong on the campus left.
The events leading up to the video are as follows. One of the student groups at Middlebury College is called The American Enterprise Club. According to its website, the Club aims “to promote … free enterprise, a limited federal government, a strong national defense.” In other words, it’s a group for political conservatives.
This year, the AEI Club invited Dr. Charles Murray to speak. That’s crucial to understanding what followed. When leftists protest right-wing speakers on campus, they often deny that they are infringing upon free speech. Free speech, they insist, does not require their university to give a platform to people with offensive views. That was the argument of the people who earlier this year tried to prevent ex-Breitbart writer Milo Yiannopoulos from speaking at the University of California at Berkeley. And it was the argument of those who opposed Murray’s lecture at Middlebury. “This is not an issue of freedom of speech,” declared a letter signed by more than 450 Middlebury alums. “Why has such a person been granted a platform at Middlebury?”
The answer is that Middlebury granted Murray a platform because a group of its students invited him. Those students constitute a small ideological minority. They hold views that many of their classmates oppose, even loathe. But the administrators who run Middlebury, like the administrators who run Berkeley, consider themselves obligated to protect the right of small, unpopular, minorities to bring in speakers of their choice. Denying them that right—giving progressive students a veto over who conservative students can invite—comes perilously close to giving progressive students a veto over what conservative students can say. If it is legitimate for campus progressives to block speeches by Milo Yiannopoulos or Charles Murray, why can’t they block speeches by fellow students who hold Yiannopoulos or Murray’s views?
Some of Murray’s views are indeed odious. Twenty-three years ago, he co-authored The Bell Curve, which argued that differences in intelligence account for much of the class stratification in American life, that intelligence is partly genetic, and that there may be genetic differences between races. Critics called Murray’s argument intellectually shoddy, racist and dangerous, and I agree. (Before I began working there full-time, my old magazine, The New Republic, published an excerpt of the book, along with rebuttals, and thus gave it a legitimacy it did not deserve).
But if conservative students cannot invite speakers who hold what I and many other liberals consider reprehensible views, then they cannot invite many of the most prominent conservative thinkers and Republican politicians in the United States today. Like many liberals, I consider it bigoted to oppose gay marriage. I consider it bigoted to support voting restrictions that disproportionately impact African Americans and Latinos. I consider it bigoted to deny trans students the right to use the bathrooms of their choice. I consider it bigoted to claim that Islam is inherently more violent than Judaism or Christianity. I consider it unconscionable to oppose government action against climate change.
Yet on the American right, these views are all mainstream. If conservative students can’t bring Charles Murray to Middlebury, how can they bring Ted Cruz, Newt Gingrich or Clarence Thomas? (Indeed, Yiannopoulos and Murray aren’t the only right-leaning speakers who have sparked mass student protest in recent years. So have Condoleezza Rice and International Monetary Fund head Christine Lagarde).
In fact, Middlebury students did not only object to Murray because of The Bell Curve. Some also objected to his most recent book, Coming Apart, which analyzes the struggles of the white working class. (And about which Murray was scheduled to talk). Coming Apart, declared a group called White Students for Racial Justice, “uses largely anecdotal evidence to blame poor people in America for being poor, attempting to explain economic inequality through a perceived gap in virtue” and thus proves that Murray is “classist.”
The point is this. What’s considered morally legitimate at Middlebury differs dramatically from what’s considered morally legitimate in large swaths of America. When colleges like Middlebury are considering whom to honor, they have every right to apply their own ideological standards. But if they use those standards to determine which speakers conservative student groups can invite, they will make it hard for those groups to function on liberal campuses at all. And in an era in which Americans are already ideologically cocooned, that would be a disaster.
To appreciate the ugliness of what transpired at Middlebury, however, one needs to look not merely at the principles involved, but at the specific sequence of events. In its letter to the campus explaining its invitation to Murray, the AEI club declared that it “invites you to argue.” It invited a left-leaning Middlebury professor, Allison Stanger,  to engage Murray in a public conversation following his talk, thus ensuring that his views would be challenged. In his introduction to Murray’s speech, a representative from the AEI club implored his fellow students to debate Murray rather than shouting him down.
But they did shout him down. As Murray approached the podium, dozens of students in the audience turned their backs, loudly read a prepared statement, and then began chanting “Hey, hey ho ho, Charles Murray has got to go,” “Your message is hatred, we cannot tolerate it” “Charles Murray go away, Middlebury says no way” and finally, “Shut it down.”
After close to twenty minutes of this, a university representative came on stage to announce that, if the students did not relent, Murray and his interlocutor, Professor Stanger, would move to a secret location, from which their conversation would be broadcast. Professor Stanger then took the microphone and asked the students, “Can you just listen for one minute.” Many in the audience replied, “no.” She added that, “I spent a lot of time preparing hard questions.” Finally, she conceded that, “You’re not going to let us speak.” As the university representative announced that Murray and Stanger would move to a different location, the crowd began shouting, “Where are you going?”
Somehow, they found out. Because when Murray and Stanger finished their dialogue, they found themselves surrounded by protesters. The protesters—some of whom were wearing masks and may not have been Middlebury students—began pushing them. When Stanger tried to shield Murray, according a Middlebury spokesman, a protester grabbed her hair and twisted her neck.
Murray, Stanger and their escorts made it to a waiting car, but the protesters
“pounded on it, rocked it back and forth, and jumped onto the hood,” according to The New York Times. One took a large traffic sign, attached to a concrete base, and placed it in front of the car to prevent it from leaving.
Finally, Murray and Stanger got away. They had planned to eat dinner at a local restaurant, but, upon learning that the protesters planned to disrupt their meal, left town altogether. Stanger later went to the hospital, where she received a neck brace.  
This is not a tale of university cowardice. To the contrary, the Middlebury administration took extraordinary measures to ensure that Murray could speak. And in a letter following the incident, President Laurie Patton, declared that in their response to Murray’s speech, some Middlebury students “failed to live up to our core values.” She publicly apologized to Murray.
Still, that’s not enough. College policy declares that, “Middlebury College does not allow disruptive behavior at community events or on campus.” Many of the students protesting Murray’s speech clearly violated that policy. I hope they are punished. If they are, perhaps progressive students will think twice before shouting down a conservative speaker the next time.
Liberals may be tempted to ignore these incidents, either because they are uncomfortable appearing to defend Charles Murray, or because, in the age of Donald Trump, they’re worried about bigger things. That would be a mistake. If what happened at Berkeley, and now at Middlebury, goes unchallenged, sooner or later, liberals will get shouted down too. To many on the campus left, after all, Zionism is a racist ideology. Drone attacks constitute war crimes. Barack Obama was the deporter-in-chief. Hillary Clinton supported a racist crime bill. Joe Biden disrespected Anita Hill. There will always be justifications.
Professor Allison Stanger is a liberal. Last week she ended up in a neck brace merely for being willing to ask Charles Murray hard questions. She should serve as an inspiration, and a warning of things to come.




ARTICLE
“We’ll go through the gate,” the speaker of the House vowed. “If the gate is closed, we’ll go over the fence. If the fence is too high, we’ll pole vault in. If that doesn’t work, we’ll parachute in. But we’re going to get health-care reform passed for the American people.”
The speaker of that quote was not Paul Ryan but Nancy Pelosi, just over seven years ago. Don’t be surprised, though, if the current keeper of the gavel utters a similar statement in the weeks ahead. Pelosi made that declaration at a precarious moment back in 2010, in the days after Democrats had lost their filibuster-proof majority in the Senate and the drive to enact the Affordable Care Act appeared on the verge of collapse.
Ryan is approaching a similar inflection point in his years-long effort to erase the law Pelosi succeeded in enacting. The legislation his committee chairmen have drafted remains officially under seal, but it has been beset on seemingly all sides by criticism. Democrats are waiting with arrows drawn to attack it. Rank-and-file Republicans, while supportive in general, are anxiously awaiting the details and worried about how to sell the plan’s less generous components to their constituents. The party’s more centrist members say they won’t rip up the law’s expansion of Medicaid—a demand that makes true repeal all but impossible. And most concerning for the speaker, the conservatives who in the past have been more willing to buck the leadership remain unconvinced that the Ryan-backed bill won’t simply replace Obamacare with, in the words of Representative Dave Brat of Virginia, “another giant federal program.”
“If the replacement plan is Obamacare Lite, it’s not going to pass,” warned Representative Raúl Labrador, a member of the hardline House Freedom Caucus. The conservative group has raised concerns about a cornerstone of the emerging plan: the use of refundable tax credits to subsidize the purchase of health insurance for people who don’t get coverage through their employer. The policy, critics on the right say, is too similar to the tax subsidies already in the Affordable Care Act.
Even though GOP leaders have yet to release their bill, the sales pitch is already well under way. Across the Capitol last week, senior Republicans scurried from meeting to meeting, briefing lawmakers on the evolving proposal while soliciting feedback on how to improve it. Inside a meeting of the House GOP conference on Thursday, Ryan brought renewed intensity, and a sense of urgency, to his push, lawmakers said. The speaker told Republicans he wanted the House to pass its Obamacare repeal-and-replace bill within three weeks. First, however, it must advance through four separate committees before a floor vote. Both the Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means panels hope to mark the bill up this week. It would then go to the Budget Committee and finally to the Rules Committee.
Meeting that deadline would give the Senate time to debate and vote on the health bill before Congress goes on a two-week break for Easter next month. Another key, if unstated, reason for the crunch: Party leaders want both the House and Senate to pass the legislation without an extended recess interrupting their work—during which their members would have to endure another round of town halls filled with supporters of Obamacare that could sap momentum for the bill.
In the House GOP meeting, Ryan made clear what President Trump had not during his speech on Tuesday night—that the president was fully behind the leadership’s plan. Moreover, a person in the room said, the speaker relayed another message from Trump to conservative lawmakers who want the House to first vote on a straight repeal measure before moving on to a replacement: The president, Ryan told them, was opposed to “repeal only.” Leadership allies rose to urge members to stick with the team, telling them that they’d take heat from constituents in their districts if they failed to deliver on their repeal-and-replace promise. They’ve enlisted Tom Price, the new health secretary and a conservative stalwart, to lean on his friends to back the legislation that is based on a bill he wrote when he served in the House. And on Friday, Vice President Mike Pence traveled to Ryan’s district in Janesville, Wisconsin, as a show of White House unity with the House speaker.
Yet in both the House and Senate, the private sessions were inconclusive, suggesting that Ryan’s timeline for action may be too aggressive. One hold-up is that the Congressional Budget Office has yet to finish its projections on how much the bill would cost and what impact it would have on the number of people with health insurance. The speaker has argued that the plan’s combination of tax credits, expanded health-savings accounts, and high-risk pools to cover people with pre-existing conditions is broadly similar to proposals conservatives have supported in the past. But the resistance Ryan and his chairmen are facing underscores how little time rank-and-file Republicans have spent grappling with the important details of health-care policy until this year.
Senate Republicans rushed past reporters as they left a Wednesday-evening briefing with House committee chairmen. The meeting, they said, was “positive” and “constructive”—Capitol Hill code for “There is no deal yet.” “It was an interesting discussion” was about all the usually voluble Senator Ted Cruz would say. He added, cryptically, that he thought the talks would continue “for some time.” By Thursday, the Texas conservative had written an op-ed in Politico calling on Republicans to go much further than Ryan’s plan calls for. He wrote that the party should, if needed, overrule the Senate parliamentarian to fully repeal Obamacare’s insurance regulations and mandates. However, the GOP may not be able to do that under the budget reconciliation process, which it is using to roll back the law with a simple majority instead of a filibuster-proof 60 votes.
In the House, Ryan’s biggest problem remains the Freedom Caucus, which, if its three dozen or so members voted as a bloc, could sink the leadership plan. The conservatives’ biggest problem with the bill is its reliance on refundable tax credits, but they’ve also complained about plans to limit the popular tax deduction for health insurance and the lack of a full elimination of Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion. The group’s leaders are aware that Ryan and his team may try to call their bluff, betting that conservatives won’t actually be willing to vote against a repeal bill if it comes up for a vote. The leadership can afford to lose no more than 19 votes to achieve a majority of 218, although the threshold may be slightly lower due to vacancies in the chamber. “I think there would be lots of people afraid to vote no, but I think there would be enough [unafraid] where you couldn’t get to 218,” said Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina, the Freedom Caucus chairman. Adding to Ryan’s headache, the Koch Industries-backed Americans for Prosperity on Sunday urged Republicans to “go back to the drawing board” after Politico reported that a recent draft contained few changes from the leaked bill that conservatives are opposing.
In addition to conservatives, House leaders must persuade more moderate Republicans to accept a Medicaid compromise that may result in reduced funding—and coverage—in states that expanded the program under Obamacare. “It’s going to be tough,” said Representative Peter King of New York, where, he noted, 800,000 people were newly covered. “We have to get something done, but I have real strong feelings on Medicaid expansion. I didn’t like the concept from the start, but it’s there.”
For all of the GOP’s problems in the House, however, it’s still the Senate that remains the party’s bigger challenge. Senator Rand Paul’s farcical scavenger hunt for the “secret” bill on Thursday and Friday obscured a more worrisome point for party leaders. They cannot count on the votes of Senators Susan Collins of Maine or Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, who opposed a repeal bill in 2015 over its defunding of Planned Parenthood, which is also targeted in the current draft. “There is not a consensus at this point,” Collins said Sunday on Face the Nation. With Republicans holding only 51 votes, Paul’s additional opposition would torpedo the legislation. Cruz and Senator Mike Lee of Utah, who have aligned themselves with the House Freedom Caucus in the past, could be similarly crucial. And other senators, including Lindsey Graham, have warned party leaders against trying to jam them with a take-it-or-leave-it plan that they can’t amend. “I’ll leave it,” Graham warned at a town-hall event on Saturday. The tight margin is one reason Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has been sounding less confident than Ryan about the chances for success in his chamber.
The House speaker remains unbowed. Ryan has not adopted the by-any-means-necessary rhetoric of Pelosi, but he’s crept a bit closer. “I am perfectly confident that when it’s all said and done, we’re going to unify,” he told reporters on Thursday, “because we all, every Republican, ran on repealing and replacing [Obamacare] and we’re going to keep our promises.” The next weeks may well determine if he’s right.



ARTICLE
It was a time of economic struggle, racial resentment and increasing xenophobia. Installed in the White House was a president who had never before held elected office. A moderately successful businessman, he promised American jobs for Americans—and made good on that promise by slashing immigration by nearly 90 percent.
He wore his hair parted down the middle, rather than elaborately piled on top, and his name was Herbert Hoover, not Donald Trump. But in the late 1920s and early 1930s, under the president’s watch, a wave of illegal and unconstitutional raids and deportations would alter the lives of as many as 1.8 million men, women and children—a threat that would seem to loom just as large in 2017 as it did back in 1929.
What became colloquially known as the “Mexican repatriation” efforts of 1929 to 1936 are a shameful and profoundly illustrative chapter in American history, yet they remain largely unknown—despite their broad and devastating impact. So much so that today, a different president is edging towards similar solutions, with none of the hesitation or concern that basic consciousness would seem to require.
Indeed, in the last several weeks, President Trump ordered the Department of Homeland Security to greatly increase not only the scope of potential deportees, but the speed at which they are being sent out of the country—a bid at “stabilization” borne of many of the same nationalist anxieties that plagued his predecessor nearly a century ago.
In his address to a joint session of Congress last week, the president painted a dark portrait of America’s immigrant population: “As we speak tonight,” he intoned, “we are removing gang members, drug dealers and criminals that threaten our communities and prey on our very innocent citizens.” It was the same foreboding message that Trump has espoused since he announced his candidacy, and yet there remains very little evidence to support it.
Several weeks ago, Trump’s White House circulated a draft executive order aimed at “protecting U.S. jobs,” one that would shut America’s doors to immigrants most likely to require public assistance (including reduced school lunches) as well as tightly control who is able to enter the American workforce. It was very nearly Hoover’s rallying cry—American jobs for Americans—heard once again.
In his speech on Tuesday, the president repeated this plan:

Protecting our workers also means reforming our system of legal immigration. The current, outdated system depresses wages for our poorest workers and puts great pressure on taxpayers. Nations around the world, like Canada, Australia and many others, have a merit-based immigration system. It’s a basic principle that those seeking to enter a country ought to be able to support themselves financially. Yet in America we do not enforce this rule, straining the very public resources that our poorest citizens rely upon.

Back in Hoover’s era, as America hung on the precipice of economic calamity—the Great Depression—the president was under enormous pressure to offer a solution for increasing unemployment, and to devise an emergency plan for the strained social safety net. Though he understood the pressing need to aid a crashing economy, Hoover resisted federal intervention, instead preferring a patchwork of piecemeal solutions, including the targeting of outsiders.
According to former California State Senator Joseph Dunn, who in 2004 began an investigation into the Hoover-era deportations, “the Republicans decided the way they were going to create jobs was by getting rid of anyone with a Mexican-sounding name.”
“Getting rid of” America’s Mexican population was a random, brutal effort. “For participating cities and counties, they would go through public employee rolls and look for Mexican-sounding names and then go and arrest and deport those people,” said Dunn. “And then there was a job opening!”
“We weren’t rounding up people who were Canadian,” he added. “It was an absolutely racially-motivated program to create jobs by getting rid of people.”
Why, specifically, men and women of Mexican heritage? Professor Francisco Balderrama, whose book, A Decade of Betrayal: Mexican Repatriation in the 1930s is the most definitive chronicle of the period (and, not coincidentally, one of the only ones), explained: “Mexican immigration was very recent. It goes back to that saying: Last hired, first fired. The attitude of many industrialists and agriculturalists was reflected in larger cities: A Mexican is a Mexican.” And that included even those citizens of Mexicans descent who were born in the U.S.  “That is sort of key in understanding the psychic of the nation,” said Balderrama.
The so-called repatriation effort was, in large part, a misnomer, given the fact that as many as sixty percent of those sent to “home” Mexico were U.S. citizens: American-born children of Mexican-descent who had never before traveled south of the border. (Dunn noted, “I don’t know how you can repatriate someone to a country they’ve not been born or raised in.”)
“Individuals who left at 5, 6 and 7 years old found themselves in Mexico dealing with process of socialization, of learning the language, but they maintained an American identity,” said Balderrama. “And still had the dream to come back to ‘my country.’”
The raids, as detailed in Balderrama’s chronicle, were vicious. With national concerns over the supposed burden that outsiders were putting on social welfare agencies, authorities targeted those Mexicans utilizing public resources. “In Los Angeles,” explained Balderrama, “they had orderlies who gathered people [in the hospitals] and put them in stretchers on trucks and left them at the border.”
The efforts were equally chaotic. “The first raid in Los Angeles was in 1931—they surrounded La Placita Park near downtown L.A.,” Dunn recalled. “It was a heavily Latino area. They, literally, on a Sunday afternoon, rounded everyone up in park that day, took them to train station and put them on a train that they had leased. These people were taken to Central Mexico to minimize their chances of crossing the border and coming back to the U.S.”
Dunn continued, “It was not like there was a master committee mapping out blocks. It was more fly-by-the-seat-of-the-pants. As in, Here’s a park where Mexicans go, okay let’s go there.”
Mexicans in the United States—and Americans of Mexican descent—had little understanding of what was happening, and what their rights were. Elena Herrada, one of the founders of the oral history project, “Los Repatriados: Exiles from the Promised Land,” is the grandchild of Mexican-Americans who were targeted in the raids. Her grandparents, she recalled, lived in a “mostly Mexican neighborhood” in Detroit, known as Court Town.
“It was the welfare officials who were doing it. A worker came to the door,” Herrada said. “My father remembered his father being asked by the worker, Where are you from?”
“My dad was really puzzled,” she said. “Because his father didn’t want to say ‘Mexico’. My father was confused because he had always been a proud Mexican.”
The family, Herrada recounted, was “de-patriated” to Mexico.
“My grandfather didn’t have work at the time, and they were forcing them to leave. There was no gun put to his to head, but [they said he] wouldn’t be eligible to receive assistance—and he would starve.”
“Many people didn’t believe they had a choice,” Herrada explained, “so they didn’t resist. My family didn’t believe they had a choice.”
Herrada’s father and uncle would spend two years in Mexico before his parents were able to bring him back to the United States—after her grandfather, a veteran of the U.S. Army, returned to the country and once again found work.
If American deportees made it back to America, according to Dunn, it was often because a friend or family member back in the States managed to obtain a copy of their birth certificate, proof of citizenship. And if they weren’t U.S. citizens, by the onset of World War II and the departure of much of the able-bodied workforce to the front, Mexican labor was back in demand: bodies were needed for low-paying agricultural work, and the xenophobia subsided under the auspices of the Bracero Program (a bilateral agreement between the U.S. and Mexico, the program brought Mexican workers to the states for short-term labor).
But some never made it back to America. “We are who we are because of what people did in that moment,” said Herrada.
Each state handled the raids differently—sometimes federal agents were involved, sometimes it was social workers and local law enforcement who targeted people for removal. Hoover’s precise role in directing the deportation efforts is unclear, but, according to Professor Kevin Johnson, Dean of the UC Davis School of Law, and a specialist in public interest law and Chicano studies, “There was a lot of correspondence between the different levels of government, and there was logistical support.” This support included reimbursing states for the chartering of busses and trains to transport people to Mexico.
Deportations took place across the country: Los Angeles had the largest concentration of Mexicans and Mexican-born Americans, but communities in Detroit were also targeted in large number. “America’s most industrial city was in many ways the promise of the age in terms of economic prosperity,” according to Balderrama, and because of this, its Mexicans and citizens of Mexicans-descent were not exempt from deportation. “The archival evidence points to a full map, across the nation,” said Balderrama. There were deportations in states as far flung as Alaska, Alabama and Mississippi.
And yet, confirming the precise number of people who were deported during this era is difficult, said Balderrama. “Both governments”—Mexico and the United States—“weren’t very interested in keeping records about what happened. It was a problem and they wanted to get rid of it. That’s why the numbers are very difficult.”
Dunn, however, spent nearly three years doing archival research, enlisting his state senate staff to comb through federal, state and local records in a bid to reconcile California’s tortured legacy. He feels confident in his citation of 1.8 million people deported. “That number came out of several documents we got from the federal government,” he told me.
Beyond the travesty inflicted upon hundreds of thousands of U.S. citizens, the Mexican deportations of the 1920s and 1930s are also shocking—and at this moment, particularly enlightening—for the illegalities visited upon non-citizens. Trump is unlikely to willfully deport American citizens, but he appears perilously close to replicating many of the mistakes Hoover did as it concerned the undocumented. And given the number of mixed-status families in the U.S.—as of 2015, 16.6 million Americans lived in residences with at least one undocumented immigrant—these deportations will affect citizens and non-citizens alike.
Johnson said that in hindsight, it is clear Hoover’s deportations were a violation of “several constitutional rights,” including the Fourteenth Amendment’s due process clause and the Fourth Amendment, which prohibits unreasonable search and seizure.
“Now it’s very clear that some of those provisions apply to immigrants in the U.S. The Supreme Court has made very clear that as long as you’re in the U.S., you have a right to due process and hearing. That doesn’t mean you can’t be removed,” said Johnson. “But you have the ability to retain counsel.”
Johnson said that many immigrants—especially those who have been here for any extended amount of time, may have “deep community ties—to citizens, churches, employers.” The longer someone is in the U.S., he explained, “the more of those ties you have, and the deeper your rights are.”
He pointed out that this legal reality, “is an issue right now because the White House is making efforts to expedite and expand deportations. But it means no hearing, no judicial review; it could be ready as a summary deportation.”
Further, the expedited deportations can now occur beyond one hundred miles of the U.S.-Mexico border, and can target  people who have been here for as many as two years. “Imagine what can happen in two years,” said Johnson. “All kinds of relief you might be eligible for, but you might not even have a hearing. The reason you have hearings is to try and avoid mistakes: If you don’t … you are probably going to have some mistakes tolerated and accepted.”
Perhaps more than anything, the humanitarian cost of the Hoover-era deportations are the specter that looms largest over Trump’s immigration policy of today. Given the burden mass deportations would have placed on the federal bureaucracy, Hoover’s administration outsourced the raids, targeting and deportation to local and state officials—persons not particularly well versed in constitutional law, nor the sensitivities surrounding deportation.
Trump appears ready to do the same: while the administration has directed the hiring of 10,000 new Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officials to oversee the dramatic increase in deportations, the administration has also revived the controversial 287(g) program, which recruits local law enforcement and sheriff’s deputies to assist in deportations.
“It’s frightening and terrifying,” said Johnson. “We have a recent history—one not limited to the 1930s—of law enforcement engaging in excess in the name of law enforcement.”
“I may be suspicious of ICE officials and how they apply the law,” he added, “but I do think they are trained to enforce the laws. And it’s the job of state and local police to enforce criminal laws—they don’t have the training, expertise or sensitivity to enforce accurate immigration decisions.”
And yet it’s unclear if federal agents are the ones who intend on showing any particular restraint, given the new guidelines. According to the New York Times, ICE agents have already been targeting church shelters, airports and other areas where immigrants are known to convene.

Two officials in Washington said that the shift [in policy]— and the new enthusiasm that has come with it — seems to have encouraged pro-Trump political comments and banter that struck the officials as brazen or gung-ho, like remarks about their jobs becoming “fun.” Those who take less of a hard line on unauthorized immigrants feel silenced, the officials said.

Brazen behavior by those tasked with deportations, Johnson said, “is opening the door to the kinds of excesses that happened ... across the nation during the Depression—when state and local law enforcement made mistakes and rounded up brown people as their way of general relief reduction. I understand why immigrant communities are very frightened about what could happen.”
In the meantime, only a limited number of Americans seem to even be aware of the gross mistakes their country made in the name of security. While still a state senator, Dunn successfully sponsored the Apology Act, an official mea culpa from the state of California to its Mexican residents—it passed in 2006. He also led efforts to have a memorial erected in La Placita park, the site of the first raids on L.A.’s Mexican community, where it now stands in memoriam.
And yet, when Dunn took his apology proposal to members of the U.S. Congress, no one was interested. “They would say, ‘Immigration is really volatile right now. We’re gonna look like we’re only fighting for Latinos.’ We couldn’t convince anyone to pick it up.”
As for all the records and material unearthed during his research? Dunn said, “Those documents are still sitting in my garage. Nobody really wanted them.”
Those whose families were affected by the deportations—in some cases forever changed—appear no more eager to delve into the sins of the past. “They never talked about it,” said Herrada, “there was a lot of shame associated with it …  They didn’t know why they got deported. They didn’t know what they did to bring that on. The only thing they knew was that they were Mexicans—and this only happened to Mexicans.”
She added, “My grandfather still didn’t want to say he was deported. And my father, on his deathbed, said to me, You know, I never liked that word. He was really angry that I had used it.”



ARTICLE
It was a long 25 hours. But the White House ended its silence Sunday morning with an official statement responding to a series of extraordinary tweets by President Donald Trump the day before.
Trump had claimed, without evidence or explanation, that President Barack Obama had wiretapped Trump’s phone lines during the 2016 election. The White House confirmed on Sunday that it would neither explain the basis for the president’s accusation or offer additional comment on the matter. The president is calling for a congressional investigation into the alleged wiretapping, the statement said.
Guessing at a president’s motivations has long been a national pastime for political junkies and journalists, but never quite like this.
There is, however, an unmistakable familiarity to Trump’s latest accusations against Obama. Without knowing whether Trump’s tweets were based on an intelligence report, a news report, a conspiracy theory, or something else entirely—one must consider the possibility that the unsubstantiated claims are, in fact, a political strategy. Trump has peddled a lie as a way to delegitimize Obama in the past.
“An ‘extremely credible source’ has called my office,” Trump tweeted on August 6, 2012, “and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud.”
This was more than a year after Obama had publicly shared a copy of his birth certificate. The president was finally compelled to do so because of Trump’s birther crusade, a years-long attempt by Trump to convince people that Obama was born in Kenya and therefore not eligible to be president of the United States. (Obama was born in Hawaii.)
It wasn’t surprising to see Trump revive birther claims despite evidence that he was wrong. And with three month’s before the presidential election, one Trump hoped Obama would lose, Trump reached for a classic tactic of his: Shock and distract.
Are Trump’s wiretapping claims the new Birtherism?
It’s certainly understandable why Trump would want to change the narrative at this moment in his early presidency. The questions over Trump administration ties to Russia are growing louder. Trump was said to be incensed over the decision by Attorney General Jeff Sessions to recuse himself from investigations into Russia’s role in the presidential election, according to reports in The New York Times and elsewhere.
When Trump gets mad, he tweets. He goes on the offensive. Trump is a master at whipping the press into a frenzy. By retraining the press corps’s focus on the wiretapping accusation, perhaps Trump and his advisors—one of whom is the former chairman of the right-wing news website that helped spread that accusation—are trying to dissipate attention on Russia.
After all, the White House’s statement on Sunday morning linked questions about Trump’s Russia ties with questions about a possible wiretap: “President Donald J. Trump is requesting that as part of their investigation into Russian activity, the congressional intelligence committees exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016.”
A call for an investigation might otherwise signal the seriousness of an allegation. But past investigations of Trump’s charges have sometimes served to debunk his claims. At the height of Birtherism, for example, Trump dispatched investigators to Honolulu in search of Obama’s long-form birth certificate, which had not yet been released.
“Today, I’m very proud of myself,” Trump said before a gaggle of reporters on the day Obama’s birth certificate was made public. Trump appeared to be proud of himself again, last year, when he finally admitted that Obama was born in the United States. “I finished it,” he said, claiming falsely that Hillary Clinton was to blame for a starting a controversy he’d somehow settled.
Trump has a favorite political reference he employs to insinuate that Obama is guilty of misconduct in office. “Why does the press protect him?” Trump had tweeted of Obama in May of 2012. “Is this another Watergate?”
Now, as critics ask the same question about Trump, he has chosen again to attack Obama. “This is Nixon/Watergate,” Trump tweeted on Saturday, under pressure, returning to his old playbook.




ARTICLE
A day after President Donald Trump charged that President Obama had tapped his phones in advance of the November election, his spokesperson indicated that the White House did not intend to offer any evidence to substantiate that remarkable claim—and would not be offering further comment in the near future.
The statement capped 24 hours of intense speculation, as the administration and its allies sought to shift the focus of attention from reported contacts between Trump aides and Russia, to questions about how such contacts had been uncovered. Earlier in the week, Trump and his aides had blasted the leaks which had disclosed the contacts, and the news outlets which reported them; on Saturday, the president shifted to attack the basis of the electronic surveillance that reportedly documented the contacts.

How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017
Later on Saturday, The New York Times reported that “two people close to Mr. Trump said they believed he was referring to a Breitbart News article,” and not to any classified briefings or other intelligence reports to which he might have been privy. Several of his advisers, the Times reported, were “stunned by the president’s morning Twitter outburst,” left scrambling to substantiate the claims, for which the president provided no sources.
On Sunday morning, instead of offering evidence that Obama had ordered the wiretapping of Trump’s phones, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer issued a formal statement—in what is becoming a pattern for the administration on matters of particular import—broke it apart and tweeted it for good measure:

Reports concerning potentially politically motivated investigations immediately ahead of the 2016 election are very troubling.

President Donald J. Trump is requesting that as part of their investigation into Russian activity, the congressional intelligence committees exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016.

Neither the White House nor the President will comment further until such oversight is conducted.

In place of the president’s clear and affirmative claims of “Nixon/Watergate” level abuse of executive power, the statement cites only “reports” of “potentially politically motivated investigations.” It does not explain the basis for the president’s dramatic claims.
It also reverses the administration’s position on the utility of congressional investigations. Spicer has repeatedly dismissed questions about contacts between Trump affiliates and Russia, insisting that press reports based largely on anonymous sources were too flimsy to justify a probe. Just last week, he said that “Russia’s involvement and activity has been investigated up and down,” adding that “the question becomes at some point: If there’s nothing further to investigate, what are you asking people to investigate?” On Sunday, however, Spicer said that unspecified “reports” were a sufficient basis to request that “congressional intelligence committees exercise their oversight authority.”
Spicer’s statement also fails to specify why, if the president possesses evidence that Obama abused his power, he wouldn’t release it to aid that investigation.  On Lawfare, Benjamin Wittes posed ten questions to Trump—reminders of the awkward queries the White House seems likely to face in the coming days, and which its position that it will not to “comment further until such oversight is conducted” will excuse it from answering.
It remains unclear what precisely what this pledge will mean, in practice; minutes after vowing no further comment from the White House, Spicer encouraged his followers to watch his principal deputy, Sarah H. Sanders, weigh in on the matter on ABC News’s This Week, and then tweeted approvingly that former Attorney General Michael Mukasey had said he thought the president was right that there was surveillance at the behest of the Obama Department of Justice.
Prior to the White House statement, several observers had raised questions about the breadth of the president’s claims, while simultaneously pointing to narrower concerns about media reports about surveillance that was allegedly authorized under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. On Saturday, the Cato Institute’s Julian Sanchez highlighted the possibility that law enforcement might have engaged in “reverse targeting”—monitoring foreign individuals or entities primarily to gain information about American citizens.
Nebraska Republican Senator Ben Sasse issued a statement on Saturday outlining his own concerns, including the prospect of an illegal wiretap. But he primarily focused on reports that some surveillance that intercepted communications from Trump associates was legally authorized. “If it was with a legal FISA Court order, then an application for surveillance exists that the Court found credible,” he said, in part. “The President should ask that this full application regarding surveillance of foreign operatives or operations be made available, ideally to the full public, and at a bare minimum to the U.S. Senate.” America, he said, faces “a civilization-warping crisis of public trust.”
If Spicer’s statement on Sunday is any indication, that crisis has no imminent path to resolution.



ARTICLE
In 2016, 57 percent of white Americans who voted chose Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton, according to exit polls. More white men than women voted for Trump. A plurality of young white people voted Trump, as did roughly two-thirds of white people without college degrees.
While these stats may seem to tell a simple story about race and partisanship in the United States, they conceal demographic shifts among white voters that will be significant in future elections. White Americans, especially the young and the working classes, are largely becoming detached from religious and civic institutions.
Right now, Democrats and Republicans are both wrestling with their demographic futures. After a brutal defeat in November, progressives are wrestling with whether and how to reach out to the white voters who cost them the election. Meanwhile, victorious conservatives still have to look ahead: Their success largely depends on a shrinking share of voters who are becoming more disillusioned with and detached from political and communal life. While the drift of white America matters for elections, it also matters for American culture: It’s a small sign that the nation’s  cultural and civic fabric is fraying.
Demographers have long tracked the rise of the “nones”—people who don’t identify with any particular religion. The Public Religion Research Institute has found that this trend has a racial component. “Overall, white Americans are significantly more likely to be disconnected from religion than ... non-white Americans,” said Dan Cox, PRRI’s research director, in an email. “They are 2.5 times more likely to say that they seldom or never attend religious services and nearly twice (1.7 times) as likely to identify as religiously unaffiliated.”
What’s interesting is that this might also have a class component. Back in October, PRRI  and The Atlantic conducted a study of white, working-class voters—the Americans, it turned out, who were so important to Trump’s victory in states like Pennsylvania and Michigan. Unlike other pollsters, they defined “working class” as people without a college degree who are also paid by the hour or the job, meaning white-collar workers were excluded.
“Churches have served, for most of the nation’s life, as pipelines to all kinds of civic engagement.”
Compared to their white, college-educated peers, these working-class Americans were more likely not to attend religious services. Of the people in their late 30s and 40s, half said they seldom or never go, compared to less than a third of college-educated people in that age group. In general, white people under 35 are unlikely to be big church-goers: Nearly half of both the working class and the college-educated said they rarely or never attend services. But young, highly educated white people still claim to be religious: Only 31 percent of this group said they’re not affiliated with any particular faith, while 43 percent of young,  white working-class people said the same.
This matters for politics. “They’re going to be missing one of the major pipelines toward voting and civic participation,” said Robby Jones, the CEO of PRRI, in an interview. “Churches have served, for most of the nation’s life, as pipelines to all kinds of civic engagement—and not just because they hand out voter-registration cards or have them in the lobby. We actually see a link between all kinds of civic activity and church activity.”
This pattern shows up in PRRI’s research. White working-class Americans of all ages were much less likely than their college-educated peers to participate in sports teams, book clubs, or neighborhood associations—55 percent vs. 31 percent said they seldom or never participated in those kinds of activities. Especially for young white voters, “there’s a real question whether … there will be a lower civic participation rate over that cohort’s entire lifespan,” Jones said, including everything from voting in elections to being involved in community groups.
This will have consequences for Democrats and Republicans alike. “The parties are increasingly divided by race and religion,” Jones noted. Each party has to wrestle with what America’s demographic changes mean for its future, including the growing share of non-white citizens and the aging of the white generation that was once more involved in religious and civic life, if only by default.
“We have these two mutually exclusive stories about what it means to be in America.”
While the 2016 election was absolutely shaped by religious white voters, the nature of living as a white person in America is changing. “My biggest fear is that we do end up with these two parties: One that represents an aging white Christian America, and that’s resentful as it’s losing ground, and one party that represents a growing demographic but also has its own kind of resentment,” said Jones. “Both parties give up on telling a story about the country that everybody can see themselves in. So we have these two mutually exclusive stories about what it means to be in America.” Combined with declining participation in common civic and religious institutions, this may produce a sense of alienation and grievance.
Polling research on issues of identity is messy. Every person’s life is a complex mix of demographic variables, and those variables don’t always explain human behavior. But “your demographics exert a kind of gravitational force on your attitudes,” Jones said. In this case, factors like wealth and class might play a role in how disengaged Americans feel from civic life: Research shows that poor people are less likely to vote, for example. But race seems to be an important part of the “gravitational force” Jones described. More and more white Americans are being pulled toward isolation, away from the thick knit of civic and religious life that has long defined American political culture.




ARTICLE
Facing a bleak electoral landscape after 2016, the brightest spot for Democrats may be President Trump’s continued weakness with members of the Millennial generation—who are poised to surpass the more Republican-leaning baby boomers in 2020 as the largest generation of eligible voters.
Polls early in his presidency consistently show Trump facing lower job-approval ratings, and greater resistance to his key ideas, among Millennials than among any older generation. Those findings are fueling Democratic hopes that Trump’s agenda of bristling nationalism on issues like immigration will stamp the GOP as a party of racial exclusion, not only for the increasingly diverse Millennials, but for the first post-Millennials who will enter the electorate in 2020.
“This could be a generational opportunity for the Democrats to lock in several very key segments of voters for a long time to come, because this is Trump’s party and Republicans will have to live with the downside,” said Dan Pfeiffer, former White House counselor to Barack Obama. “If Trump’s standing stays where it is now, particularly among young people and non-white voters—he is not an anomaly, he is the Republican Party for years to come.”
But there’s no guarantee Democrats can reap big benefits from Millennial mistrust of Trump. The best evidence is that turnout among Millennials remained mediocre in 2016—and, based on historic patterns, could decline more substantially in the 2018 midterm election than among older voters. And while Trump faces grim numbers among Millennials overall, he has displayed strength among them with the same groups that responded to him most in older generations: evangelical, non-urban, and blue-collar whites.
Kristen Soltis Anderson, a GOP pollster who has written a book about Millennial voters called The Selfie Vote, agrees that Trump could stamp the GOP with an identity that causes lasting problems with the generation. But she also sees opportunities for inroads. “There are a lot of things about the Millennial generation that I still believe are completely at odds with Trumpism,” she said. “But that’s not to say that if Trump is succeeding as president some of those minds couldn’t be changed.”
The stakes in the parties’ struggle for Millennials’ allegiance are steadily rising as their numbers in the electorate increase. In 2000, the first presidential election when Millennials were eligible to participate, baby boomers outnumbered them by almost exactly 10 to 1 as a share of eligible voters. In 2016, according to calculations by the non-partisan States of Change project, Millennials for the first time equaled baby boomers as a share of eligible voters, both representing just over 30 percent. In 2020, the project expects baby boomers to decline to about 28 percent of eligible voters, while Millennials expand past 34 percent and the first post-Millennials—born starting in 2001—establish a beachhead as roughly another 3 percent of the eligible electorate. (If those projections hold, it will mark the first time since 1978 that baby boomers aren’t the largest generation of eligible voters.) By 2024, the project forecasts, Millennials and post-Millennials will represent nearly 45 percent of all eligible voters, while baby boomers will sink back to about one-fourth.
Much more diverse (over 40 percent of them are non-white), more secular, and better educated than older generations, Millennials have been a boon to Democrats as their numbers have increased. In 2000, when they first entered the electorate, Al Gore beat George W. Bush among voters younger than 30 by just 2 percentage points. But, as more Millennials followed, the margins for Democratic presidential nominees among younger voters significantly increased, reaching a high point in 2008 when Barack Obama carried about two-thirds of them.
Even so, the Millennial influence has been diluted by their relatively low turnout numbers. Final figures for 2016 won’t be available until the Census Bureau produces its report on the election, but the Center for Information and Research on Civic Learning and Engagement at Tufts University, which studies younger voters, estimates that only about half of eligible Millennials voted last year. That’s about the same as their lackluster performance in 2012. In each presidential election since 2000—except for 2008, when turnout spiked—younger voters have comprised a substantially smaller share (from 5 to 7 percentage points) of the actual electorate than they represent in the eligible electorate. By contrast, baby boomers and their elders have consistently comprised a higher share of the actual, as opposed to eligible, electorate.
Turnout among younger voters has also skidded precipitously in midterm elections. According to exit polls, the share of the vote cast by voters under 30 plummeted from nearly 1 in 5 to less than 1 in 7 both from 2008 to 2010 and from 2012 to 2014. In both cases, seniors’ share of the vote increased by a comparable amount over the same two-year spans. Each time that shift helped drive big Republican gains.
In 2016, Hillary Clinton’s campaign placed great expectations on Millennial voters, but in the end they could not bear the weight she put on them.
Throughout the campaign, polls consistently showed that Trump was deeply unpopular with members of the Millennial generation. In one survey for the liberal groups Project New America and NextGen Climate, which looked solely at Millennials across 11 battleground states, three-fourths of them described him as a racist; roughly an equal number said he was biased against women; and almost 70 percent said they would be “ashamed” for the country if he won.
And yet despite all that hostility—echoed in a procession of public polls—Trump dodged the bullet among Millennials on Election Day, even if he hardly thrived with them. In the exit poll, Trump carried just 36 percent of those voters, no better than Mitt Romney’s weak 37 percent in 2012. But Clinton’s support among Millennials sagged to 55 percent from Obama’s 60 percent in 2012, as the critical remainder of them bled away to the minor-party alternatives of Gary Johnson and Jill Stein.
“Even in the end, none of Trump’s numbers—was he racist or sexist or a danger to the country—improved,” said Democratic pollster Andrew Baumann, who conducted the battleground-state Millennial survey. “Which leads me to believe it was very much a backlash to Clinton. The [FBI Director James] Comey stuff really hurt her with Millennials—the people that decided in the last week or so broke pretty heavily for Trump.”
Though somewhat attenuated, Trump also benefited among Millennials from the same magnetic pull he had for working-class whites in other age groups. Overall, the exit polls showed, Trump beat Clinton among whites under 30 by a slim 4-percentage-point margin (47 percent to 43 percent), with the rest supporting Johnson or Stein. That represented a step back from Romney’s 7-point advantage among white Millennials in 2012.
But, as with other age groups, the Trump-Clinton matchup produced a much larger educational divide among younger whites than the Obama-Romney contest did. In 2012, exit polls showed, Romney beat Obama by 2 percentage points among whites ages 18 to 29 with at least a four-year college degree and by 10 points among those without one.
In 2016, those two groups raced apart. Clinton routed Trump among college-educated white young people by 15 percentage points, according to exit-poll results provided by CNN polling director Jennifer Agiesta. Trump, in turn, crushed Clinton among white young people without a college degree by an 18-point margin. Clinton’s margin of victory with those college-educated whites virtually matched Obama’s performance in 2008 as the best for any Democrat since 1980, while Trump’s advantage among young whites without degrees tied with Bush in 2000 for the largest among Republican nominees since 1992. Trump also ran well among evangelical and rural Millennials, the Tufts analysis found.
Trump’s strength—and Clinton’s weakness—among blue-collar white Millennials allowed the Republican to significantly cut his losses among young voters in the states most important to his victory, particularly across the Rustbelt. Clinton amassed huge advantages among voters ages 18 to 29 in coastal states such as California, New York, and New Jersey. Clinton also posted solid double-digit advantages among younger voters in diverse Sunbelt states from Virginia, Georgia, and North Carolina in the Southeast to Arizona, Texas, Nevada, and Colorado in the Southwest.
But, exit polls found, Trump substantially reduced the GOP deficit among those younger voters compared with Romney in 2012 in Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Minnesota, and he actually carried voters under 30 in Iowa. In all of those states except Michigan, Clinton’s vote share among those younger than 30 fell by double digits compared with Obama’s, while Trump improved by 7 to 9 percentage points over Romney. Trump also significantly improved over Romney among young people in New Hampshire and Maine, two mostly white states. Even in the coastal and Sunbelt states where Trump’s vote share among young people was either stagnant or slightly below Romney’s, Clinton’s numbers usually lagged Obama’s, sometimes significantly, as more Millennials drifted away to the third-party options.

The lack of enthusiasm about Clinton, and the divisions among Millennials themselves, prevented them from becoming a significant hurdle to Trump, despite his widespread unpopularity among them. But with Clinton now removed from the equation, the risk for Republicans is that the doubts about Trump among younger Americans—particularly on issues relating to diversity and inclusion—will allow Democrats to lock in a preponderant advantage with them, even as their presence in the electorate continues to grow.
In office, Trump and key elements of his agenda continue to face overwhelming resistance in polls from the Millennial generation as a group, according to detailed results from several recent public surveys provided to The Atlantic.
Trump’s job-approval rating among Millennials, for instance, stood at just 31 percent, with 63 percent disapproving, in the two-week average of the Gallup tracking poll from February 6 to February 19, according to the organization’s tabulations. Those results converged with findings from polls earlier in February by the Pew Research Center and CNN/ORC that put Trump’s approval rating with Millennials at just 28 percent and 32 percent, respectively. A late-February Quinnipiac University survey showed Trump sinking to just 21 percent approval among Millennials, with an identically paltry number saying he shared their values.
Both Pew and CNN found widespread opposition among Millennials to pillars of Trump’s policy agenda, particularly on issues relating to inclusion. In both surveys, about two-thirds of Millennial adults said they opposed Trump’s initial executive order temporarily banning immigration from seven Muslim-majority nations; in the CNN poll, nearly two-thirds of them said they viewed the order as a “Muslim ban” despite the administration’s insistence it was not. And in the CNN survey, nearly four-fifths of Millennials said they opposed Trump’s drive to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. That was far more opposition than Trump faced in any other age group.
Strikingly, these key Trump policy ideas didn’t fare too much better even among white Millennials. In the CNN survey, about three-fourths of white Millennials opposed the border wall and about three-fifths rejected the temporary seven-nation immigration ban. In each case, that was also far more opposition than Trump’s ideas faced among whites in any other age group. In the Pew survey, both Millennials overall and young whites were also more likely than any other age group to say the United States benefits from increasing racial and ethnic diversity, more likely to say they personally knew a Muslim, and least likely to say American Muslims were sympathetic to extremism.
Anderson said such results underscore the narrow line Republicans are walking with young people as Trump redefines the party around the nationalist agenda he highlighted again in his Tuesday-night address to Congress. “If the Trump and [White House counselor Stephen] Bannon way forward is ‘We need to close the border and keep out Muslims,’ I don’t think that works,” she said. “If it is ‘You need to take power back into the hands of the people, and there are corrupt institutions that are screwing you over,’ there is an opportunity.”
Anderson added: “If the message is ‘We need to put America first,’ I don’t think that is a problem with Millennials. Their first experience with foreign engagement was the Iraq War, which remains incredibly unpopular with young people. [If Trump argues that] ‘instead of focusing on helping people everywhere else, we do need to take care of ourselves first,’ I do think that’s something younger voters wouldn’t necessarily reject. To the extent it’s ‘People from outside of particular races, religions, or nations are trying to come here and pollute our nation,’ that is totally outside where most young people are.”
There’s one lifeline for Trump in these generally turbulent results: The Gallup tracking poll, which provides the largest sample for measuring subgroups, shows him suffering only slight erosion among non-college-educated white Millennials, his best group in the election last fall. While the two-week average put Trump’s approval rating at just 28 percent among white Millennials with a college degree, and an even more meager 16 percent among non-white Millennials, he has retained a 50 percent approval rating among white Millennials without a college degree.
Baumann, the Democratic pollster, said the party needs “to take seriously” the possibility that Trump will hold substantial support among blue-collar white Millennials (and, for that matter, blue-collar whites in general). In a recent poll for the Democratic super PAC Priorities USA, Baumann looked at voters who switched from Obama in 2012 to Trump in 2016, and found little evidence that the blue-collar white Millennials who made that journey were souring on the new president. “There wasn’t much of an indication in this poll yet that these millennial Obama-Trump voters were disappointed with him and wanted to move away from him,” he said.
If Trump can hold those young working-class whites, it will bolster him and support further GOP gains in the Rustbelt. But the large minority presence in the Millennial generation—and even greater diversity in the post-Millennial generation—means those blue-collar whites seem destined to shrink as a share of the future electorate. That’s particularly true in the diversifying Southeast and Southwest states across the Sunbelt where the Democratic future may increasingly point. Moreover, Trump’s showing among those younger whites without college degrees, both on Election Day and in the latest approval polls, was much lower than his standing among older non-college-educated whites.
“I do think they change the balance, because the share of Millennials that are non-college whites is smaller, and [even] they are not as stridently for him as the older groups,” Baumann said. “I don’t think it is going to change things fundamentally in one election cycle, but [over time] the larger the shares of the electorate Millennials represent, the more difficult it is for Trump and his allies.” For Democrats still stunned by Trump’s unexpected victory, that wheel can’t turn fast enough.



ARTICLE
President Trump called for Congress to investigate Russia’s connections with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi after the two were shown to have previously met the Russian ambassador to the United States. Trump also visited a private religious school in Orlando, Florida, to promote his support for school choice. The FBI arrested Juan Thompson, a former journalist, who is accused of making at least eight threats against Jewish institutions and Jewish Community Centers. Janet Yellen, the chairwoman of the Federal Reserve, said the Fed will likely raise interest rates this month. Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis said the United States launched more than 30 airstrikes against al-Qaeda in Yemen the past two days.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Sound Familiar?: The Indianapolis Star reports that Vice President Mike Pence used a personal email account to conduct state business as governor of Indiana. Pence’s office issued a statement defending his use of the account, saying he “fully complied with Indiana law regarding email use and retention.” (Tony Cook)
Trump 2020: During the election, Donald Trump often touted his self-funded presidential campaign, but to prepare for a 2020 reelection bid, “Trump and his team have set about systematically courting the biggest GOP moneymen.” (Shane Goldmacher, Kenneth P. Vogel, and Darren Samuelsohn, Politico)
‘Buried Alive’: Nathaniel Penn chronicles the day-to-day experiences of inmates who have spent anywhere from one to 24 years in solitary confinement. “The worst thing that’s ever happened to me in solitary confinement happens every day,” one prisoner said. “It’s when I wake up.” (GQ)
Who Is Sergey Kislyak?: Attorney General Jeff Sessions and former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn came under fire after reports revealed each of the men had spoken with the Russian ambassador during the election. Was Kislyak just doing his job—or are his motives more sinister? (Laura King and Mansur Mirovalev, The Los Angeles Times)
Friends for Life: Jeff Sessions’s “early and fierce loyalty” as the first senator to endorse Donald Trump has allowed him to form a tight bond with the president. That connection will be nearly impossible to break even after reports that the attorney general had spoken with the Russian ambassador to the United States last year. (The Washington Post)
 
The First Line of Questioning: Vogue interviewed 11 female reporters covering the Trump administration. Here’s what they had to say about reporting in a time of “fake news” and “alternative facts.” (Julia Felsenthal and Alex Majoli, Vogue)
On Tuesday, President Trump outlined his plans to increase defense spending and invest in America’s infrastructure. This week, we asked you where you would allocate extra funds if you were in charge of the country’s budget. For the complete list of our favorite responses visit our Notes section. For now, here are two thoughtful answers:
Stella Porto said “education, education, education”:

“Everything in the country depends on the level of education of its people, from preventing illness, choosing a better lifestyle, to raising kids responsibly, to choosing elected officials, to fighting for important causes.”

And here’s Ken Prahl:

“I’d use the funds to set up critical thinking [education], what it is, and how to perform. Also explaining how history can be described using different narratives, giving examples of different narratives tied to various ideologies.”

-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Ben Carson is the newest member of Donald Trump’s administration, winning the nomination for secretary of housing and urban development in a partisan Senate vote.
Along with our Cabinet Tracker, we’re automatically keeping score on Trump nominees here, updating as they’re considered and confirmed by the Senate.

Carson's personal story, for the most part, is widely admired. But most Democrats opposed his nomination to head HUD, arguing that his background as a neurosurgeon left him underqualifed to lead the housing agency.
Trump has only two positions left to fill—secretary of agriculture and secretary of labor. But his easy nominations ended long ago. The sole exception might be nominee David Shulkin, who was confirmed as the secretary of veterans affairs in a unanimous vote—but then again, he worked at the V.A. during the Obama administration and was widely expected to be a bipartisan favorite.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, on the other hand, has the dubious honor of winning confirmation by the narrowest margin. The Senate was deadlocked in a tie (after two Republican defections) before Vice President Mike Pence stepped in to cast the deciding vote.
Carson's confirmation wasn't that close—but it still was far more contentious than those of his recent predecessors. Most were confirmed by unanimous consent, or got close to 100 votes; even Julian Castro, Barack Obama’s second-term pick, won a supermajority of the Senate. Carson got just 58 votes.

While many Cabinet nominees have historically been confirmed through unanimous consent, every one of Trump’s picks have faced a roll-call vote. With the exception of his first few nominations—defense, homeland security, ambassador to the UN—most have received far fewer affirmative votes than their predecessors did.
Here’s how Trump’s nominees fared in the Senate, compared to those who came before:

The president has seen wide Democratic opposition to his nominees. A handful of Democratic senators have voted against nearly every one of the president’s nominees, though no one has voted against them all.
Leading that pack is Kirsten Gillibrand, of New York, who has cast only two affirmative votes—one for Nikki Haley, the new ambassador to the United Nations, and another for Shulkin.

On the other end of the spectrum are the Democrats who have remained relatively open to Trump’s appointments. Unsurprisingly, they come from the conservative end of the party, and represent states that have leaned Republican in recent years.
Joe Manchin, of West Virginia, has opposed only three nominees: Price, DeVos, and Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross. Neither Price nor Devos won a single Democratic vote.





ARTICLE
The FBI has arrested one suspect in connection with the recent bomb threats against Jewish institutions and Jewish Community Centers, known as JCCs. According to the arrest warrant, a culprit in at least some of the threats is Juan Thompson, a St. Louis native who was fired from his job as a reporter at The Intercept in early 2016 for fabricating stories. The FBI alleged that Thompson “appears to have made some of the JCC threats as part of a sustained campaign to harass and intimidate” a former girlfriend. The details in the FBI arrest warrant against Thompson link him to eight specific threats. But they do not account for the much larger wave of phone calls threatening Jewish institutions.
The complaint tells the story like this. Somewhere in the period of 2015 and 2016, Thompson was in a relationship with a young woman working in the greater New York City area. During the summer of 2016, they broke up. Thompson started sending her false text messages and emails, claiming, for example, that he had been the victim of a shooting and was going to be taken off life support. He emailed her boss, saying she had a sexually transmitted disease. And he sent her nude photographs he had of her, threatening to release them to the public.
Faxes and emails started showing up at her work. One email, allegedly sent by an account that had been used by Thompson, claimed she had threatened to kill him. A series of faxes claimed she was an anti-Semite, and purported to provide evidence that she had made anti-Semitic statements on social media.
Investigators say Thompson sent tips about the woman to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, saying she watches child porn. When the New York Police Department contacted Thompson about these claims, he said his email had been hacked a few weeks prior, even though a month had elapsed since the claims were made. The NYPD warned him that his “conduct must stop,” and that he shouldn’t contact the woman.
Starting in January, investigators believe, Thompson made at least eight threats to Jewish institutions around the country. Some were made in the woman’s name. Others were made in his own name; he later claimed that she had made the calls in an attempt to falsely implicate him in the threats. These allegedly included threatening emails sent to the Jewish History Museum in Manhattan on January 28; Jewish schools in Farmington Hills, Michigan, and New York City on February 1; a JCC in New York City on February 7; and a threatening phone call to the Anti-Defamation League, an organization that tracks anti-Semitism, on February 22. He also allegedly emailed the Anti-Defamation League, the Council on American-Islamic Relations, and the JCC in San Diego claiming that the woman was anti-Semitic and planned to carry out violent attacks. These threats included various false details about bombs and explosives that had been planted in these Jewish institutions.
The criminal complaint also refers to Thompson’s Twitter account, where he allegedly wrote that he “[needs] to stop this nasty/racist #whitegirl I dated who sent me a bomb threat in my name & wants me to be raped in jail.” He went on to say that he had been visited by the FBI, and was “battling the racist FBI and this vile, evil, racist white woman.” He repeated the claim that she had been making the threats in an attempt to frame him.
While the story alleges a disturbing pattern of harassment and intimidation, it’s all the more complicated because of the context. Over the past two months, there have been at least 90 bomb threats made to 73 Jewish Community Centers and day schools, according to a statement the national JCC released on February 27. Three separate Jewish cemeteries have also been vandalized in Missouri, Pennsylvania, and New York. Jewish leaders across the country have condemned the broader set of attacks as part of a growing environment of anti-Semitism. As FBI Assistant-Director-in-Charge Sweeney said in a statement on Friday, “Thompson’s alleged pattern of harassment not only involved the defamation of his female victim, but his threats intimidated an entire community.”
Thompson’s past in journalism also makes the story complicated. The FBI arrest warrant shows a pattern of elaborate deception and fabrication. At least one of the email accounts used to send threats was allegedly “produced from a web-based, anonymous email generator.” Another account apparently belonged to someone else; the “true user” was unaware that these messages had been sent. These behaviors are similar to those reported by The Intercept last year, when they found that Thompson “fabricated several quotes in his stories and created fake email accounts that he used to impersonate people.”
It should go without saying that this is not the standard in journalism—Thompson was fired and a number of his articles were taken down after editors found that he had been fabricating information. On Friday, The Intercept released a statement saying it is “horrified” by the allegations against Thompson and has no independent information about his actions or arrest. Josh Marshall, the editor and publisher of Talking Points Memo, said in an email that he never worked with Thompson directly, and pulled the one freelance piece Thompson published on the site when Thompson was fired from The Intercept. 
Vice President Pence visited the cemetery in Missouri where gravestones were toppled to demonstrate the White House’s support for the Jewish community there. And President Trump condemned these attacks in strongly worded terms during his address to Congress this week. On Tuesday, though, Trump allegedly told state attorneys general that these attacks are sometimes “the reverse,” seeming to suggest that they might be carried out by people who wish to create the appearance of increased anti-Semitism.
That doesn’t appear to be what motivated Thompson. But his arrest still serves as a useful reminder that not all destructive acts are what they initially appear to be. His actions also fit within a broader pattern, in which angry individuals tend to latch onto ambient hatreds, or imitate the crimes of others. Anti-Semitism has long been a pervasive problem in the United States, and it has thrived among people on both the left and the right of American politics. Even if Thompson doesn’t have personal animus against Jews—something that’s unclear at this point—he apparently saw these kinds of threats as an effective way to create fear and inflict maximal pain on his ex. Whatever Thompson’s motives, his threats hit a specific community, and created real anguish and disruption. Law-enforcement officials seem to believe Thompson’s were “copycat” threats, purposefully and falsely made to appear part of the bigger wave, according to reports from NBC. The models of anti-Semitic intimidation and fear were there. All he had to do was follow them.  



ARTICLE
Let’s be clear from the start: There is no evidence that Donald Trump or his campaign coordinated with Russia to hack the Democratic National Committee’s emails or funnel them to Wikileaks; no evidence that they are puppets of Vladimir Putin; and no proof that the Kremlin possesses kompromat on the president.
There are suspicions voiced by members of Congress, leaked by parts of the intelligence committee, held by journalists at respected publications who are investing lots of time and money chasing down leads, and of concern to millions of Americans.
And that status quo is unhealthy for American democracy.
I would welcome proof that Trump is innocent of any wrongdoing in this matter, because the alternative is a compromised president, the possibility of a constitutional crisis, and consequences that are hard to predict.
If he is guilty of anything I want the truth to out.
Either way, the major obstacle is Trump’s untrustworthiness. He is a frequently mendacious man, and many of his associates possess the same deficiency in character. I do not know if the many untruths Trump and his team have uttered on this subject are making them appear guiltier than they are or obscuring a shocking reality.
But the contradictions cannot be ignored.
A couple weeks ago, Trump gave a lengthy, combative press conference where he was asked, “Can you say whether you are aware that anyone who advised your campaign had contacts with Russia during the course of the election?”
He said no, aside from Mike Flynn, who ostensibly resigned from the Trump administration for misleading Mike Pence about his conversations with the Russian ambassador.
Then Trump went much farther.

Russia is a ruse. I have nothing to do with Russia. Haven't made a phone call to Russia in years. Don't speak to people from Russia. Not that I wouldn't. I just have nobody to speak to. I spoke to Putin twice. He called me on the election. I told you this. And he called me a few days ago. We had a very good talk, especially the second one ... I have nothing to do with Russia. To the best of my knowledge no person that I deal with does. Now, Manafort has totally denied it. He denied it. Now people knew that he was a consultant over in that part of the world for a while, but not for Russia. I think he represented Ukraine or people having to do with Ukraine.

Even two weeks ago, Trump’s claims were highly dubious.
Now consider what we have learned in the last 24 hours.
“Three weeks before Election Day, Donald Trump Jr. left the campaign trail and the country to speak at a private dinner in Paris organized by an obscure pro-Russia group that promotes Kremlin foreign policy initiatives and has since nominated Russian President Vladimir Putin for the Nobel Peace Prize,” ABC reported.
Then CNN reported that J.D. Gordon, a former national security adviser to Trump, attended an event with the Russian ambassador at the GOP convention. Trump national-security advisers Carter Page and Walid Phares were there, too. And Jared Kushner and Mike Flynn met with Russia’s ambassador at Trump Tower in December.
One can imagine non-nefarious explanations for all of these meetings. USA Today’s writeup of the Cleveland RNC event makes it sound especially innocuous.
But they inevitably create suspicion when they directly contradict bygone untruths told by the president and his team; follow Manafort and Flynn resigning over matters related to Russia; concern a president who will not release his tax returns; and dovetail with a dossier that alleges alarming ties between Trump and the Kremlin.
Look again at Trump’s words from his press conference: “I have nothing to do with Russia,” the president said. “To the best of my knowledge no person that I deal with does.”
That is bullshit. Among many other things, Russia’s ambassador clearly made a concerted effort to interact with many on the Trump team and succeeded spectacularly.
Nor do the contradictions end there.
On CNN, Jim Acosta reported more about his phone conversation with J.D. Gordon.
“Gordon said he was part of the effort pushed by the Trump campaign to put some language in the GOP platform that essentially said that the Republican Party did not advocate for arming the Ukrainians in their battle against pro-Russian separatists,” Acosta related. “He said that his is the language that Donald Trump himself wanted and advocated for back in March at a meeting at the unfinished Trump hotel here in Washington D.C. J.D. Gordon says then-candidate Trump said he did not want to ‘go to World War III over Ukraine,’ and J.D. Gordon says at the Republican convention in Cleveland he advocated for language in that Republican Party platform that reflected then-candidate Trump’s comment.”
In my view, there was nothing substantively wrong with softening the language in the Republican Party platform. I find establishment Republicans and hawkish Democrats like Hillary Clinton terrifying when they seem eager for conflict with Russia.
But Team Trump’s behavior surrounding the change was very odd.
After The Washington Post reported that the Trump campaign orchestrated the change in the GOP platform, the Trump campaign denied any involvement. Paul Manafort went on Meet the Press, where he could not have been any clearer about the matter:

Chuck Todd: There’s been some controversy about something in the Republican Party platform that essentially changed the Republican Party’s views when it comes to Ukraine. How much influence did you have in changing that language, sir?

Paul Manafort: I had none. In fact, I didn’t even hear of it until after our convention was over.

Todd: Where did it comes from then? Because everybody on the platform committee had said it came from the Trump campaign. If not you, who?

Manafort: It absolutely did not come from the Trump campaign. And I don’t know who everybody is, but I guarantee you it was nobody that was on the platform committee–

Todd: So nobody from the Trump campaign wanted that change in the platform?

Manafort: No one, zero.

That seemed even more unlikely later that month when Trump gave an interview to George Stephanopolous:

George Stephanopolous: Then why did you soften the GOP platform on Ukraine?

Donald Trump: I wasn’t involved in that. Honestly, I was not involved.

Stephanopolous: Your people were.

Trump: Yeah. I was not involved in that. I’d like to — I’d have to take a look at it. But I was not involved in that.

Stephanopolous: Do you know what they did?

Trump: They softened it, I heard, but I was not involved.

Stephanopolous: They took away the part of the platform calling for the provision of lethal weapons to Ukraine to defend themselves. Why is that a good idea?

Trump: Look, I have my own ideas. He’s not going into Ukraine, OK?Just so you understand. He's not going to go into Ukraine, all right? You can mark it down and you can put it down, you can take it anywhere you want.

Stephanopolous: Well, he's already there, isn't he?

Trump: OK, well, he's there in a certain way, but I'm not there yet.

Trump appeared to acknowledge that his team pressed for the change. And days later, The Daily Beast quoted four sources in the room who confirmed the campaign’s involvement. Eric Brakey, a Maine delegate who favored the change, told the web site, “Some staff from the Trump campaign came in and … came back with some language that softened the platform. They didn’t intervene in the platform in most cases. But in that case they had some wisdom to say that maybe we don’t want to be calling … for very, very clear aggressive acts of war against Russia.”
That’s where the matter rested … until Thursday, when CNN’s Jim Acosta filed his standup dispatch in front of the White House suggesting that Trump was, at the very least, involved in the matter directly, and more deeply than he led us to believe.
Gordon’s story doesn’t reveal any nefarious plot, or even any surprising view. Trump was constantly touting his desire to get along with Russia and avoid World War III. He repeatedly said things about Russia and Putin on the campaign trail that were far more controversial and eyebrow-raising then a desire to soften platform language. So why did Team Trump strain itself to obscure its involvement?
For months I’ve urged Congress to assert itself more on this matter.
As the weeks pass, the press continues to uncover contradictions, and Team Trump’s demonstrable untruths pile up, making it impossible for the public to trust their president when he denies inappropriate contacts with a foreign adversary because they can’t trust anything he says, the need to get to the bottom of whatever they are hiding only grows more urgent—whether to exonerate a president who creates the appearance of serious impropriety with every absurdity he utters about Russia, or to uncover whatever nefarious truth he is contorting himself to hide.




ARTICLE
Here’s hoping President Trump has enjoyed the early, carefree days of his presidency, when most of his work has involved go-it- alone executive orders, appointments, pep rallies, and grousing about his mistreatment by this or that enemy of the people.
Within the next couple of weeks, things are going to get vastly less breezy, when the White House officially drops its 2018 “skinny budget” on Congress. This will give lawmakers their first real peek at Trump’s economic priorities––beyond his usual unicorns-for-all pledge to slash taxes while spending willy-nilly on things like infrastructure and immigration enforcement.
At that point, stuff starts getting real.
To clarify, what the White House is handing over is not a full budget proposal. It is a “skinny budget,” which sounds like some god-awful low-calorie sludge you’d order at Starbucks, but is in fact a general overview of the president’s spending priorities for the 2018 fiscal year. As Trump budget director Mick Mulvaney stressed at a press briefing Monday, the outline will not address entitlement programs such as Social Security or Medicare; it will not tackle tax reform; it won’t get into any specifics on infrastructure; and it won’t attempt any sort of revenue projections. It will merely provide “topline” numbers on discretionary spending that the various agencies will be expected to abide by.
In other words, most of the really bloody fights will come later. Even so, there will be enough meat on these bones to start a brawl or two. Case in point: Trump’s proposed cuts to the State Department have moved Republican Senator Lindsey Graham to declare the  package “dead on arrival.” So that debate promises to be lively.
More broadly, the basic structure of the blueprint—in which Trump wants to add $54 billion in defense spending by whacking an equivalent amount from non-defense programs—would blow up the 2011 sequestration agreement (which split cuts evenly between defense and non-defense programs) and thus require a change in the law in order to even be considered. But we’ll get to all that fun in a minute.
The practice of submitting a skinny budget is relatively new. The Budget and Accounting Act of 1921 requires the president to send Congress a spending plan early in each new session. The exact deadline has been tinkered with over the decades. Until 1990, however, it fell so early in January that, during presidential transitions, the decamping president was obligated to submit a budget on his way out the door, which could then be revised by his successor. (So it was that Ronald Reagan filed the underlying budget for George H.W.’s first year in office, as Carter had for Reagan, Ford had for Carter, and so on.) Under Bush 41, the official deadline was loosened just enough––from early January to early February––to enable the outgoing president to leave this duty to the incoming one, which promptly became the standard.
Practically speaking, of course, it would be madness for a fledgling White House to try to hammer out a full budget in its first couple of weeks. Thus was born the skinny budget. During their first February in office, Clinton, Bush 43, and Obama each provided a budget overview to Congress in conjunction with their first joint address to lawmakers. Such overviews typically run in the digestible 100-200- page range, rather than the doorstop-sized full budgets submitted in the spring.
(Some of the astute among you will notice that Trump has missed the early February deadline even with his skinny budget—as did those before him. As is so often the case in Washington, deadlines are forever being pushed and tweaked and ignored to the point where one might wonder why Congress bothers to keep them on the books. But that is a topic for another day.)
Already, the skinny budget is making the rounds in the executive branch. On Monday the White House sent the numbers out to federal agencies and departments in a process known as “passback.” Along with the topline amounts they are being allotted, agencies received suggestions from Mulvaney’s Office of Management and Budget on how to hit those numbers. After spending a few days reviewing the proposal, agency officials will come back to OMB with their thoughts on where the cuts—or, in the case of the Pentagon, the additional billions—should be directed. Serious appeals go up the food chain to Mulvaney or even the White House.
Further details will be fleshed out, and the budget office hopes to hand lawmakers a final outline by March 16. As Lindsey Graham’s DOA comment indicates, the White House can look forward to many spirited exchanges about its skinny budget even with lawmakers from its own party. Democrats, meanwhile, are working themselves up into a lather over the core structure of the proposal.
Specifically, popping the sequestration cap off the defense budget would require at least 60 votes in the Senate. That means recruiting a handful of Democrats to the cause. But adding billions to defense while not simply keeping a lid on non-defense programs but specifically slashing them by an equivalent amount will play poorly with Democrats. (Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer has already been raising holy hell about it.) White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer has expressed confidence that Democratic Senators will decline to play partisan politics with national security—suggesting that the past several weeks have taken a greater toll on Spicer’s grasp of reality than originally thought.
To be sure, Trump fancies himself the shrewdest of negotiators. And perhaps his full budget will indeed turn out to be a bipartisan work of art. In the meantime, even the skinniest of budget outlines gives lawmakers a nice fat target to rally opposition around until the final package lands in May—at which point, the real Beltway carnage can begin.



ARTICLE
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said he will recuse himself from any investigations related to the 2016 presidential campaign after a Washington Post report revealed that he had met with the Russian ambassador to the United States last year. The revelation prompted calls from Democratic and Republican lawmakers for Sessions to step aside, and in some cases, resign. President Trump, for his part, said earlier in the day that he didn’t think Sessions should recuse himself. Senator Rand Paul spent the day hunting for draft legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare only to be denied entry into the room where it was reportedly being kept. The Senate confirmed Ben Carson as head of the Department of Housing and Urban Development and approved former Texas Governor Rick Perry to lead the Department of Energy.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Leaving a Trail: The New York Times reports that in the final days of the Obama administration, White House officials attempted to disseminate information about alleged Russian interference in the 2016 election and possible contact between Trump associates and Russian officials, partly “to leave a clear trail of intelligence for government investigators." (Matthew Rosenberg, Adam Goldman, and Michael S. Schmidt)
Much Ado About Russia: What, exactly, are the allegations connecting the Trump administration with Russia? When did the controversy start—and who’s investigating it? Madeline Conway offers a “definitive guide to Trump’s Russia ties.” (Politico)
Is the Wall Ever Going to Happen?: Donald Trump might have trouble executing his plan to construct a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. Why? So far, the Department of Homeland Security has identified only $20 million in “existing funds and resources” for the $21.6 billion project. (Julia Edwards Ainsley, Reuters)
An Objection: More than 60 law enforcement heads issued a joint letter expressing concern over the administration's immigration-enforcement plans. “We believe we can best serve our communities by leaving the enforcement of immigration laws to the federal government,” they wrote. (Ed Pilkington and Oliver Laughland, Guardian US)
Spending Habits: The Trump administration plans to propose a “historic” $54 billion increase in the defense budget, but the plan “isn’t as impressive as it sounds,” argues Adam Rawnsley. He spoke with defense experts to learn how they think the administration should allocate the money. (Wired)
 
The ‘Blue Lives Matter’ Fight: Lawmakers have introduced 32 bills throughout the country that seek to classify violent attacks against police as hate crimes. View this chart to see where the measures currently stand in each state. (Julia Craven, The Huffington Post)
President Trump is expected to introduce a federal-budget proposal next month that significantly increases defense spending, while slashing funds on most other programs, including cuts at the Environmental Protection Agency and for foreign aid. If you were in charge of the country’s budget, and you had extra funds to allocate wherever you wished, what agency or program would you prioritize—and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Shortly after President Trump expressed “total” confidence in his attorney general, Jeff Sessions announced he would recuse himself “from any existing or future investigations of any matters related in any way to the campaigns for president of the United States.” That statement came as Sessions faces criticism from Democratic lawmakers following reports that he did not disclose contacts he had with the Russian ambassador during his confirmation hearing last month.  
Earlier on Thursday, Trump told reporters he did not think Sessions, a former campaign adviser, needed to step aside, his opinion standing in stark contrast to that of several top congressional Republicans. They had called for Sessions to recuse himself from the reported federal investigation into potential ties between Trump associates and Russian officials during the 2016 presidential campaign. Meanwhile, a chorus of congressional Democrats has called on him to resign from his post. A Washington Post report published Wednesday evening set off the controversy, by detailing two encounters between Sessions and Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak last year.
Trump has publicly stood by his attorney general, who previously served as an Alabama senator. According to a report from the White House press pool, when Trump was asked if he still has “confidence in the attorney general,” he replied: “Total.” Pressed on whether Sessions should recuse himself, Trump said, “I don’t think so.” The president added that he “wasn’t aware of” Sessions’s contact with the ambassador “at all,” but added that he believes Sessions “probably” testified truthfully.
Sessions, for his part, has denied wrongdoing. The attorney general and his spokespeople have argued that the answers he provided during his confirmation hearing were truthful because he was asked about contacts between Russian officials and the Trump campaign. His communications with the ambassador, his spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, had been in his capacity as a U.S. senator and member of the Armed Services Committee.
In a statement released on Wednesday, Sessions claimed to have “never met with any Russian officials to discuss issues of the campaign.” He added that he has “no idea what this allegation is about,” and called it “false.” “There was absolutely nothing misleading about his answer,” Flores told the Post.
During a press conference on Thursday, Sessions said: “Let me be clear, I never had meetings with Russian operatives or Russian intermediaries during the Trump campaign.” He also released a statement noting that “during the course of the last several weeks, I have met with the relevant senior career department officials to discuss whether I should recuse myself from any matters arising from the campaigns for president of the United States.” Having finished those meetings, Sessions “decided to recuse” himself.
During Sessions’s January confirmation hearing, Democratic Senator Al Franken asked Sessions what he would do “if there is any evidence that anyone affiliated with the Trump campaign communicated with the Russian government” during the 2016 election. Sessions replied that although he had been called a Trump campaign surrogate, he did “not have communications with the Russians.” Democrats have argued that exchange amounts to lying under oath, while some Republicans have defended Sessions. Senator Ted Cruz told MSNBC that while Sessions “should have been more clear” during his confirmation hearing, “at the end of the day, I don’t think there’s any there there.” The Texas Republican added: “The notion that there was something somehow wrong with a senior senator on the Armed Services Committee meeting with a foreign ambassador, I think that’s a nothingburger.”
The Post’s report states that Sessions had a “private conversation” with the Russian ambassador in his Senate office in September and spoke with the ambassador after an event in July. The AP confirmed that “Sessions had two conversations with the Russian ambassador to the United States during the presidential campaign season last year” in its own report. 
The controversy surrounding Sessions comes less than a month after Trump’s National Security Adviser Michael Flynn resigned, after it was revealed that he had misled the administration about his own contacts with the Russian ambassador.
In January, the U.S. intelligence community concluded that Russian President Vladimir Putin directed a campaign aimed at interfering with the 2016 presidential election, which sought to undercut Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and sow doubt regarding the credibility of the American democratic process. A report released that month by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence asserted that during that time “Putin and the Russian government developed a clear preference for President-elect Trump.”



ARTICLE
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said Thursday he would recuse himself from overseeing the federal investigation into alleged Russian interference in the presidential election, citing the advice of his staff.
“I believe those recommendations are right and just,” he said. “Therefore I have recused myself from matters with the Trump campaign.”
The move comes less than 24 hours after The Washington Post revealed Sessions had spoken with Sergey Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the United States, on two separate occasions during the campaign. That appeared to contradict assertions made by Sessions to the Senate Judiciary Committee twice during the confirmation process.
First, in a questionnaire sent by Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy, Sessions responded “no” when asked if he had “been in contact with anyone connected to any part of the Russian government about the 2016 election.” Then, while testifying under oath before the committee in January, Minnesota Senator Al Franken asked Sessions about reports that some top Trump officials had been in contact with the Russian government.
“Senator Franken, I’m not aware of any of those activities,” Sessions responded. “I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I didn't have––did not have communications with the Russians, and I’m unable to comment on it.”
According to the Post, Sessions had spoken with Kislyak twice during the 2016 campaign: once as part of a meeting with about 50 other ambassadors during the Republican National Convention in July, and again in a one-on-one encounter in September.
In a Thursday afternoon press conference, Sessions offered a stern defense of himself. “Let me be clear: I never had meetings with Russian operatives or Russian intermediaries about the Trump campaign, and the idea that I was part of a ‘continuing exchange of information during the campaign between Trump surrogates and intermediaries for the Russian government’ is totally false,” he said, referencing part of Franken’s query. “My response to Senator Franken was honest and correct as I understood it at the time.”
Wednesday’s revelations provoked strong reactions on Capitol Hill. Numerous Democratic legislators demanded Sessions’s resignation, while multiple Republicans said the former Alabama senator should recuse himself from the investigation and use the opportunity to clarify his on-the-record statements.
Sessions is not the first high-ranking Trump administration official to have a controversial encounter with Kislyak, who has represented Moscow in the United States for almost a decade. President Trump fired National Security Adviser Mike Flynn last month after it emerged Flynn had spoken by phone with the ambassador multiple times during and after the election. Flynn had previously denied the conversations had taken place, and had convinced Vice President Mike Pence to publicly speak out in his defense.
There’s no indication a similar fate awaits Sessions, who was one of Trump’s closest and most prominent supporters during the presidential campaign. President Trump told reporters in Virginia on Thursday that he had “total confidence” in Sessions’s performance as attorney general.



ARTICLE
President Trump’s invocation of fallen Navy SEAL Ryan Owens was one of the most polarizing moments in his address to Congress. Those who praised the moment are correct that men and women who risk their lives on America’s behalf, discharging missions not of their choosing, deserve public recognition of their burdens and valor. It is heartening that military families saw their sacrifices praised.
Trump critics are equally correct that a succession of presidents have engineered similar moments to exploit goodwill toward warriors for political purposes, at times even to bolster ill-conceived missions that disrespect or decimate the warrior class.
It is difficult to parse the motives behind these moments.
For that reason, responsible citizens must try to gauge whether or not the president is acting as responsibly as possible in his capacity as a steward of the young lives he commands.
Trump is failing that test.
Ryan Owens died in a “boots-on-the-ground” raid in Yemen that the president approved shortly after taking office. The circumstances of that approval remain murky.
What followed was a tragedy:
It is proper to commemorate the fallen, just as it was appropriate for the Bush administration to note the sacrifices of Jessica Lynch and Pat Tillman. But in their cases, as in the case of Owens, honoring the injured or dead must include an honest inquiry and a forthright account of what went wrong and what was learned as a result.
Instead, Americans are being fed propaganda.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer called the raid a “successful operation by all standards.”
Meanwhile, a commander in chief who campaigned on the proposition that he is uniquely able to help America win against terrorists failed to take any responsibility for the costs of the raid, telling Fox News that the military is to blame. “This was something that was, you know, just they wanted to do,” he said, as if that is reason enough for a president to sign off. “And they came to see me and they explained what they wanted to do, the generals, who are very respected. My generals are the most respected that we've had in many decades, I believe. And they lost Ryan.”
That’s an evasion of responsibility worthy of James Taggart.
The message to the American military: the buck stops elsewhere. The Trump administration will take credit for military successes and blame the military for any failures.
Trump is likely to keep bumbling in this realm partly because the nature of military sacrifice seems to elude his understanding. During the 2016 campaign, he infamously declared that Senator John McCain’s status as a war hero was undeserved because he was captured in Vietnam. In Tuesday’s speech, the president took care to assert the spectacular success of the raid where Owens died, declaring that  “I just spoke to General Mattis, who reconfirmed that, and I quote, ‘Ryan was a part of a highly successful raid that generated large amounts of vital intelligence that will lead to many more victories in the future against our enemies.’"
The veracity of that assessment is questionable. Senior government officials told NBC that the raid yielded no significant intelligence. Another source said Trump was goaded into approving the mission by advisers who told him that President Obama would not have been bold enough to approve it. Congress should probe the truth. In any case, Trump is wrong to imply that the intelligence yield bears on whether Owen is a hero. The sacrifice of troops ordered into an ill-conceived mission is no less profound; the Americans on whose behalf they fight owe them as much gratitude.
It is nevertheless politically convenient for Trump to conflate the success of the raid with esteem for Owens. Doing so makes it much less likely that the public will dare reach the conclusion that would most damage the president—that a raid he ordered cost a Navy SEAL his life, cost taxpayers tens of millions, killed multiple young children, and yielded neither significant intelligence nor any terrorist leaders.
That sounds an awful lot like a loss for America.
And it is hard to believe a president who touts it as a win even as he criticizes all the blood and treasure his predecessors spent in the Middle East as a wasteful drain.
Couldn’t you find a better use for $70 million plus than that Yemen raid?
As Owens’ widow was preparing to brave a public appearance to honor her late husband, the fallen Navy SEAL’s father, Bill Owens, told the Miami Herald, “For two years prior, there were no boots on the ground in Yemen—everything was missiles and drones—because there was not a target worth one American life. Now, all of a sudden we had to make this grand display?’’ Criticizing the Trump administration’s response to his son’s death, he added, “Don’t hide behind my son’s death to prevent an investigation … The government owes my son an investigation.” By undertaking it, Congress can properly honor Ryan Owens and better safeguard all troops that may be deployed on raids in the future.
Feedback on this article is encouraged at conor@theatlantic.com



ARTICLE
Rand Paul said he just wanted to read the bill.
The Kentucky Republican had heard all about legislation House Republicans were drafting to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. He had seen a copy that leaked out last week, which conservatives quickly panned, and which the GOP leadership then dismissed as a draft that was no longer “viable.” And by Thursday morning, Paul had seen reports that the House was keeping the latest version of legislation that would reshape the U.S. health insurance system under lock-and-key, hidden away in a “secret” room where only members of the House Energy and Commerce Committee could read it.
“I am heading to the secure location where they are keeping the House Obamacare bill,” Paul tweeted. “I will demand a copy for the American people.”
And so he went.
What followed was a surreal scene on the first floor of the U.S. Capitol that quickly drifted toward farce. Trailed by a scrum of reporters and cameras, Paul sought—and was denied—entry into the Republican office where, he was told, the draft Obamacare bill was being kept.
“I think there’s a bill in there. It’s the secret office for the secret bill,” Paul told the reporters. As Paul was speaking, a House Democrat, Representative Paul Tonko of New York, slid past him to try to get into the office. But he, too, was denied. Tonko told reporters that staffers in the office had told him there was no bill inside.
Then came Representative Steny Hoyer, the second-ranking House Democrat, who broadcast his effort to “find the bill” on Facebook Live. By the time it was over, frustrated GOP staffers had flung open the doors of the otherwise nondescript office suite to prove to reporters that was not, in fact, the repository of major legislation hidden from public view.
That the intensifying repeal push has taken on an aura of secrecy is an ominous sign for House Republicans, who had hoped that an endorsement of their approach from President Trump would bring conservatives in their party in line. Speaker Paul Ryan told Republican lawmakers in a private meeting Thursday that he wanted the House to pass legislation within the next three weeks to send to the Senate. And although details of the bill are still unknown, two House committees hope to mark up legislation as soon as next week.
But Paul’s allies in the House GOP are sensitive to the perception that party leaders will try to ram through a bill without sufficient public scrutiny—exactly the charge that Republicans leveled against Democrats in 2010, when their drive to enact the ACA took more than a year. “All I ask is let us see the bill,” Representative Louie Gohmert of Texas said as he left the party meeting on Thursday.
Aides to Ryan and Republican committee chairmen were angered by what they called a stunt by Paul, knowing that it would embolden Democrats who have been criticizing the Republican effort. “We don’t have the bill written yet,” Representative Greg Walden of Oregon, the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, told me when I asked him about the charge of secrecy.
As to the reports that a draft was being made available only to Republican members of the committee, Walden said: “Here’s the misconception: When you have a draft staff product, you want your members to be able to see it, comment on it. There’s much more ado about this than I’ve ever seen.”
After Paul’s gambit, the chairman issued a lengthier statement:

“Reports that the Energy and Commerce Committee is doing anything other the regular process of keeping its members up to speed on latest developments in its jurisdictions are false. We are continuing to work on drafting and refining legislative language to provide relief from a failing law. Part of that process is giving committee members and staff the opportunity to work closely together to draft a bill that reflects the concerns of our constituents and reflects our mandate from voters to repeal and replace Obamacare. Simply put, Energy and Commerce majority members and staff are continuing to discuss and refine draft legislative language on issues under our committee’s jurisdiction.”

To some extent, Republicans like Walden are debating semantics: Because they have not formally introduced legislation, they are calling the emerging health care plan “a draft” or simply “legislative language.” But party leaders have readily acknowledged that the text is in bill form and is in the final stages of preparation. Ryan outlined the proposal to Republicans on Thursday and said committee leaders would be working throughout the weekend to refine it.
Knowing the final bill will come under attack whatever it contains, top Republicans don’t want to release it until they are ready to try and pass it. Until then, to Rand Paul’s great dismay, it’ll likely remain a secret.




ARTICLE
The Washington Post’s report that Attorney General Jeff Sessions spoke twice with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak during the 2016 presidential campaign has made an exchange between Minnesota Democratic Senator Al Franken and Sessions during his confirmation hearing the focus of questions about whether Sessions misled Congress.
On January 10, in response to a question from Franken, Sessions said that he had no communications with the Russian government. Here is the exchange:

FRANKEN: OK. CNN has just published a story and I'm telling you this about a news story that's just been published. I'm not expecting you to know whether or not it's true or not. But CNN just published a story alleging that the intelligence community provided documents to the president-elect last week that included information that quote, "Russian operatives claimed to have compromising personal and financial information about Mr. Trump." These documents also allegedly say quote, "There was a continuing exchange of information during the campaign between Trump's surrogates and intermediaries for the Russian government."

Now, again, I'm telling you this as it's coming out, so you know. But if it's true, it's obviously extremely serious and if there is any evidence that anyone affiliated with the Trump campaign communicated with the Russian government in the course of this campaign, what will you do?

SESSIONS: Senator Franken, I'm not aware of any of those activities. I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I didn't have––did not have communications with the Russians, and I'm unable to comment on it.

Justice Department officials told the Post that “Sessions met with Kislyak on Sept. 8 in his capacity as a member of the armed services panel rather than in his role as a Trump campaign surrogate.” After the Post story broke Wednesday night, Sessions spokesperson Sarah Isgur Flores released a statement from Sessions saying, “I never met with any Russian officials to discuss issues of the campaign. I have no idea what this allegation is about. It is false.”
Set aside for a moment the contradiction between Sessions having “no idea” what the allegation is about, but also knowing that it is false. The follow-up statement contains a qualification Sessions’s original testimony did not explicitly include. It says Sessions never met with Russian officials “to discuss issues of the campaign.” It does not say that Sessions did not recall his encounters with Kislyak, or that he did not meet with him, only that he did not discuss campaign issues with him.
Had Sessions’s response to Franken contained the same qualifications as his statement Wednesday night, the next questions would have been about the circumstances in which Sessions met with Russian officials, and the content of those discussions. If he had said that he had met with the Russian ambassador as a senator but not as a campaign surrogate, or that he met with the Russian ambassador but did not discuss campaign issues with him, it would have provoked further controversy regarding a negative story the Trump administration was desperate to tamp down: The extent of the Trump campaign’s contacts with the Russian government. Sessions’s blanket denial put an end to that line of questioning––a denial that was freely offered by Sessions himself, not directly in response to Franken’s query.
There’s no evidence that Sessions’s communications with Kislyak were anything but benign. Neither is there any indication that Sessions knew anything about what American intelligence agencies have said was a deliberate effort to swing the election to Trump by hacking and disclosing embarrassing information about Democrats. But there is also no question that by January, his contact with Kislyak had become a politically inconvenient fact to publicly acknowledge.
Flores has said that he “met with the ambassador in an official capacity as a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, which is entirely consistent with his testimony.” But his answer to Franken offered no such explicit qualification. On the other hand, perjury is notoriously hard to prove, because it requires the subject to have knowingly misled Congress, not to have answered incorrectly as a matter of confusion, misunderstanding, or error. Sessions claims that he was speaking only about contacts he might have had as a Trump surrogate; omitting to mention other contacts likely wouldn't qualify as perjury under the law, even if it amounts to misleading the Senate about his actions.
Had Sessions qualified his statement at the time in the same manner that he has since the Post story appeared, by saying that he did not have communications with the Russians “as a Trump campaign surrogate,” the same questions being asked now would have been raised then. But by not disclosing the contacts in January and answering those questions in his hearing, he has shifted the focus from the nature of the conversations themselves, to questions about his honesty and ability to administer justice impartially.
Even before the latest disclosures, two dozen nonprofits, as well as all the Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee, had called on Sessions to recuse himself, arguing that his role as a key Trump campaign adviser required that step under a plain reading of Justice Department guidelines. That was before Sessions’s communications with Kislyak were publicly known, but Sessions himself already knew of them and still did not recuse himself.
"I have said whenever it's appropriate, I will recuse myself," Sessions told NBC News on Thursday morning. "There's no doubt about that." But he stopped short of actually doing so.
Republican members of Congress, including House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz and Representative Justin Amash, are already calling for Sessions to recuse himself from the ongoing federal investigation into the Trump campaign’s contacts with the Russian government in light of these revelations.
If Sessions does ultimately recuse himself, though, it will only be because he withheld pertinent information that has now become public knowledge. That’s a remarkable standard for the top law-enforcement official in the country to set.



ARTICLE
Updated on March 2 at 1:13 p.m. ET
Republican lawmakers have called for Attorney General Jeff Sessions to step aside from oversight of the investigation into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russian officials. Their calls came after recent news reports revealed that the former Alabama senator met with Russia’s ambassador to the United States during the election.
Ohio’s Rob Portman said late Thursday morning that Sessions should recuse himself, the first Republican senator to say so outright; he was followed later by Maine’s Susan Collins. A growing number of House Republicans have suggested the same, including Representative Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight Committee; Idaho Representative Raúl Labrador; Darrell Issa, the California representative and former Oversight chair; Virginia Representative Barbara Comstock; and Michigan Representative Justin Amash. In an interview on MSNBC, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy indicated Sessions shouldn’t oversee the investigation, though within hours seemed to change his mind.
“I think, the trust of the American people, you recuse yourself in these situations,” McCarthy said. “I just think for any investigation going forward, you want to make sure everybody trusts the investigation … and that there’s not doubt within the investigation.” Reporter Mark Halperin followed up, asking whether the situation required Sessions’s recusal. “I think it would be easier from that standpoint, yes,” McCarthy answered. Later, in an interview with Fox & Friends, McCarthy said that he’s “not calling on him to recuse himself.”
The FBI, which the attorney general oversees, is reportedly investigating possible contact between Trump associates and Russian officials during the 2016 campaign, as well as the cyberattacks that targeted Democrats last year. On Wednesday night, The Washington Post first reported that Sessions, then a senator and Trump campaign adviser, had spoken twice last year with Sergey Kislyak, the Russian ambassador. Yet at his January 10 confirmation hearing, when Senator Al Franken asked Sessions a question regarding possible contact between Trump associates and the Russian government, Sessions said: “I’m not aware of any of those activities.” He added: “I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign, and I did not have communications with the Russians.”
Sessions released a statement late Wednesday following the Post report: “I never met with any Russian officials to discuss issues of the campaign,” it read. “I have no idea what this allegation is about. It is false.” In a brief exchange with NBC on Thursday morning, he reiterated that he had “not met with any Russians at any time to discuss any political campaign.” When asked about calls to recuse himself, he said, “I have said whenever it’s appropriate, I will recuse myself.”
The Post story prompted a spate of responses from Republican and Democratic legislators that continued into Thursday morning. Senator Ted Cruz said in an interview on MSNBC that a senior senator on the Armed Services Committee, as Sessions was, meeting with an ambassador is a “nothingburger.” He added that Sessions “should have been more clear” in his testimony, but “at the end of the day, I don’t think there’s any there there.” Senator Marco Rubio told NPR that the reason why Sessions didn’t disclose his meetings during the confirmation hearing is “important and needs to be addressed.”
Senator Lindsey Graham followed suit, saying on Twitter, “Sessions needs to explain his contacts with the Russian ambassador during his service as a Senator—that’s appropriate.” He said calls from Democratic lawmakers for Sessions to resign is “crazy.” And at a CNN town hall Wednesday, Graham said that if there was indeed “something there and it goes up the chain of investigation,” Sessions “cannot make this decision” on any next steps. Collins’s call for recusal is notable because she testified on Sessions’s behalf at his confirming hearing. In a statement Thursday, she said he “should recuse himself to ensure public confidence in the Justice Department’s investigation” and “clarify his statements to the Judiciary Committee with respect to his communications with the Russian ambassador.”
House Speaker Paul Ryan is among those, including the White House, who’ve so far dismissed suggestions that Sessions needs to immediately step aside from the investigation. When asked during a press briefing on Thursday if the attorney general should recuse himself, Ryan deferred reporters to the judiciary committee transcripts and Sessions’s own statement on the matter. Sessions said Thursday that “whenever it's appropriate, I will recuse myself.”
“I think he answered that question this morning, which is if he is the subject of an investigation, of course he would,” Ryan said. He added: “It’s really common for members of Congress to meet with ambassadors. That kind of thing happens all the time.”
Democratic lawmakers have long demanded that Sessions step aside from the investigation into the Trump team’s alleged Russian contacts, arguing that he was a fervent supporter of and counselor to Trump during the campaign. Some, following Wednesday night’s revelations, have gone a step further, asking for Sessions’s resignation. In a press briefing Thursday morning, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi accused Sessions, “the top cop in our country,” of lying under oath. That, she said, “is grounds for him to resign. He’s proved that he’s unqualified and unfit to serve in that position of trust.” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said on Twitter Thursday that “because the Department of Justice should be above reproach, for the good of the country, the attorney general should resign.”
Shortly after the Post report, Representative Elijah Cummings, the ranking member on the House Oversight Committee, also weighed in: “When Senator Sessions testified under oath that ‘I did not have communications with the Russians,’ his statement was demonstrably false. … Attorney General Sessions should resign immediately, and there is no longer any question that we need a truly independent commission to investigate this issue.”



ARTICLE
Stop me if you’ve heard this one before: Starting in the 1970s, U.S. policymakers embraced draconian criminal-justice policies as part of the war on drugs. Tough-on-crime politicians rose to power by pledging longer mandatory-minimum sentences and more intense policing practices. The American legal system became the primary tool for addressing the nation’s social ills. And as incarceration grew rapidly in the following decades, so, too, did the coffers of an emerging prison-industrial complex.
That’s what John Pfaff, a law professor at Fordham University in New York, calls the “standard story” of mass incarceration. But in his new book Locked In, Pfaff offers a different account of the phenomenon’s origins. Instead of the war on drugs, he points to violent crime as the key factor that fueled America’s exceptional incarceration rate. Public-employee unions and rural politicians, not just the private-prison industry, trumpeted the boost in jobs and help to small-town economies that large penitentiaries can provide. And prosecutors, not judges or legislators, made the crucial decisions that gave the United States the world’s largest population behind bars.
Revisiting mass incarceration’s causes involves more than historical study—it also means reassessing both the utility of recent reform efforts and the path activists take next. I spoke with Pfaff about his research, the conclusions he drew, and what they could mean for the future of criminal-justice reform. Our conversation has been edited for length and clarity.
Matt Ford: What do you think we’re getting wrong about mass incarceration?
John Pfaff: I think it’s less that we’re getting something wrong, and more that we’re paying too much attention to secondary causes and ignoring more fundamental causes. So what I argue is that it’s not the war on drugs, it’s not longer sentences, it’s not private prisons—none of those things are irrelevant, they all matter, but we overemphasize their importance. As a result, we don’t pay enough attention to prosecutors, to violent crimes, to public-sector unions, and to the politicians. So it’s more about reframing how we look at it rather than saying we’re looking at the wrong thing.
Ford: In your book, you describe those overemphasized aspects of mass incarceration as the “standard story” of its origins. Why has that narrative become so dominant?
Pfaff: There are several reasons. Part of it, I think, was sort of out of necessity. After 40 years of steady, unrelenting prison growth, we weren’t going to start pushing back on that by passing a be-lenient-towards-murderers bill. Drugs was a natural place to start pushing back against mass incarceration, so I think part of it was understandable and a justifiable political necessity.
Part of the problem is that we tend to talk a lot about the federal system. Federal prison sentences are about half drugs and the states are about 16 percent drugs, but the feds get a tremendous amount of attention. Vox had a survey a couple of months ago in which they asked people, “Do you think about a majority of people in prison nationwide are there for drugs?” And a majority of liberals, moderates, and conservatives all said yes. As for the focus on private prisons over the public sector, I think that probably reflects the political biases of the early reformers, who tend to be more liberal and tend to distrust the private sector.
The failure to pay attention to prosecutors, that’s the one I find hardest to understand—why they’ve been able to skate through the cracks for so long. Part of it is just that we don’t have data on prosecutors the way we do on policing and judging and sentencing—but then again, maybe we don’t really have data on them because we don’t focus on them. I’m not sure which is the chicken and which is the egg there. But they occupy this sort of middle area. They’re not the ones out there with the sirens and the badges that get our attention on the front end. They’re not the ones in the courtroom announcing sentences, the way we view judges culturally in the criminal-justice system. So they somehow manage to escape detection.
Ford: Your focus on prosecutors really stood out to me because we usually think of mass incarceration as the product of judges and legislatures. But you’re telling us to look at the district attorney’s office instead?
Pfaff: Exactly. My own empirical work is constrained to the 1990s onward, just because of the data that’s available. But at least during that period, when prison populations continued to rise even as crime steadily fell, the one thing that seemed to drive that growth was an increased willingness on the part of prosecutors to file felony charges against people who were arrested. We’re arresting fewer and fewer people over that time, and charging more and more people with felonies. Once they’re charged with a felony, the probability they went to prison didn’t change and the time they spent in prison didn’t change. But the risk of your arrest turning into that felony case grew substantially.
Ford: So in a way it sounds like activists don’t have one criminal-justice system or 50 systems to reform, they have about 3,000 of them, one for each county with a prosecutor, then?
Pfaff: Yes and no. There’s policing that we have to reform, and that’s at the city level, so it’s even more of those—about 17,000 or 18,000 law-enforcement agencies. There’s reforming of prosecutors—that’s not quite one per county, but there are about 2,500 prosecutors’ offices. There are some parole reforms you can make, and that’s a state-level change. So each stage requires work, and I think it’s important to stress that the term “criminal-justice system” is very misleading. What we have is not a system at all, but a patchwork of competing bureaucracies with different constituencies, different incentives, who oftentimes might have similar political ideologies, but very different goals and very different pressures on them.
Ford: Does that make reform less likely to succeed? I mean, if activists don’t have a single system to target, are they less likely to effectively marshal resources to change it?
Pfaff: There are two reasons to be fairly optimistic. First is that while there are over 2,000 prosecutors’ offices, over 60 percent of all felony cases are processed by the 11 percent that are in the counties with 250,000 people or more. The majority of cases are managed by some 200 or so prosecutors’ offices, so it’s more manageable to have a big impact. You can accomplish a lot with a small number of these districts. The other thing is the decentralization: On the one hand, it does make work harder, you have to go to more places, but it can also be protective in that one bad decision or one bad approach at the very top has a much harder time percolating down.
It’s why, at least on the prison side, I remain fairly optimistic that reform will keep pushing ahead despite the Trump and [Attorney General Jeff] Sessions administration. It’s hard for D.C. to sort of push the system in one direction or the other because there’s no single system for it to push on. And there’s reason, I think, to be optimistic that local efforts are working. 2016 was a very interesting election cycle because at the same time that a large number of Americans voted for Donald Trump, with his very 1980s-style tough-on-crime rhetoric, about 20 or so tough-on-crime prosecutors were voted out of office and were succeeded by reform-minded challengers.
Ford: How does the war on drugs play into this? In the standard story, it’s a central feature, but it seems less focal in the view you offer.
Pfaff: If you define the war on drugs as arresting people for drug offenses, then as it stands right now, only about 16 percent of all people in state prison are there on a drug charge. The increase in sending people to prison for drugs explains about 20 percent of all prison growth between 1980 and 2010, so it’s not the dominant driver. What a majority of people are in prison for are for crimes of violence, so at some point we have to start confronting how we punish people for violent crimes.
And I think that does point to one risk of our standard-story approach: By emphasizing the war on drugs and telling people we can accomplish reform by decarcerating people for drug offenses, we don’t encourage them to think about how to punish violence differently. In that same Vox survey that showed a majority of Americans think a majority of prisoners are there for drugs, a more disturbing question they asked was something like, “Are you willing to punish those who are convicted of violence and pose little threat of recidivism, are you willing to punish them less?” And a majority of liberals, moderates, and conservatives said no, that they are unwilling—even for those who pose a low risk of recidivism—they’re unwilling to contemplate punishing those convicted of violence less.
I think we’ve convinced people that we can really impose deep cuts just by focusing on the safe, easy cases of the nonviolent drug offender. And the fact is, any sort of deep cut in our prison population will require us to reduce the number of people in prison for violence. And I think we can do that and maintain public safety. One statistic that doesn’t get enough attention is that our violent crime rate right now is about where it was in 1970—it might be even better than that depending on which numbers you use—but our incarceration rate is five times higher. So unless you think Americans are five times more violent today than in 1970, that’s hard to justify. And if anything, I’d say the crime-age American citizen today is probably less violent than the same person in the 1970s, so it’s even harder to justify that way.
Ford: If I’m a state legislator who’s worried about being painted as soft on crime, and I’m worried about all the traditional political attacks that go with it, what steps could I take to reduce the number of people in prison for violent offenses that would be safe and equitable and just?
Pfaff: One thing they could focus on would be expanding parole options for people convicted of violence. Often when we see states push to expand parole choices, more often than not they explicitly exclude those convicted of a current violent offense, or sometimes even any prior violent offense. And that’s kind of self-defeating, because the fact is our popular model of violent behavior is not really accurate. We tend to use the term “violent offender.” I work very hard to never use it if I can, because it defines someone who commits a violent act as that’s who they are: They are a violent person, it’s a state of being. And violence isn’t a state of being, it’s at most a phase. People also age into and age out of crime. Someone who commits a violent crime when they’re 16 isn’t going to be nearly as violent when they’re 30 or 35. There’s hormonal changes, there’s cultural changes, social changes—you get married, you have a job, and that helps you desist from offending. We tend to lock them up for longer periods of time just as they’re aging out of crime.
So the thing a legislator could do is expand parole options for people who have been convicted of violence and stop excluding violent crimes from eligibility. But I think the central role violent crimes have played in prison growth suggests that this isn’t necessarily something legislators can fix for us. These are not acts that we necessarily want the legislature to decriminalize, and even current sentence lengths aren’t that long. The median time in prison of someone convicted of violence remains about four to four-and-a-half years. That’s a long time in prison, but not some staggeringly long sentence.
I think what it points to is a greater need on the part of prosecutors to either use their discretion better or for us to figure out ways to channel or limit their discretion so they’re not quite so aggressive, to rely on prison less, and focus more on preventative approaches that prevent the violence from happening in the first place.
Ford: One of the themes that really struck me throughout your book was sort of the statistical gaps we have—especially about prosecutors but also about other parts of the criminal-justice system. How does that shape how we understand criminal justice itself, as well as the efforts to reform it?
Pfaff: It’s important to stress that however weak our data is on policing and prisons and crime, our data on prosecutors is almost nonexistent. There’s no centralized data set on what they do, and most of the offices don’t provide information of a meaningful sort themselves, so you have almost no idea what they do. And from a policy point of view, that makes it hard for us to regulate them. It makes it hard for voters to make careful decisions about what the DA is doing and whether they support that policy or not. From a policymaker’s perspective, it means that we don’t really know how legal changes will actually play out in practice.
Ford: We’ve seen a lot of states experimenting with various criminal-justice reforms in recent years. Are there many states where you think they’re much more accurately addressing the causes of mass incarceration—looking at violent crime, looking at prosecutors—than others?
Pfaff: When it comes to violent crime, very little. But one state that does deserve credit is actually Mississippi, which is, as far as I can tell, the only state I’ve seen that actually explicitly cut time served for people convicted of violence. Like many states, Mississippi had what’s called a truth-in-sentencing law that said for certain categories of offenses, often for violent crimes, an inmate must serve a minimum of 75 percent of the sentence before he’s parole-eligible. And a couple of years ago, they actually cut that back from 75 percent of the sentence to 50 percent of the sentence, and that was just for people convicted of violence.
But you see very little of that. More often you see the exact opposite. Even states that have gotten praise for their reforms, like South Carolina, what they often do is agree to cut time served for drug and property crimes, or raise the threshold for a felony so they move how much you have to steal for felony theft—but then they pair it with an increase in punishment for violent offenses. So they sort of say, “We’ll cut sentences for the nonviolent crimes to free up space for people convicted of violence, and we’ll increase the sanctions for violent offenses.” It’s happened in South Carolina, it’s happened in Maryland, it’s happened in other places. I wouldn’t say it’s backwards, but it’s concerning, because while the cuts for the property and drug offenses make sense and are laudable, we also need to start figuring out how to cut back on violent crimes, and we’re doing the exact opposite.
When it comes to prosecutors, I’ve seen nothing by any state that really aggressively goes after them. California’s very complicated realignment approach, which was their response to the Supreme Court’s ruling on the Ninth Circuit’s overcrowding litigation, has had an impact on prosecutors. They told counties that if you convict someone of what’s called a “triple non”—a nonviolent, non-serious, non-sexual offense—even if he’s supposed to go to prison for years and years, you have to keep him imprisoned in the county jail. And what that does is have important—and I would say somewhat boring—budgetary implications. One reason why prosecutors can be so tough on crime is that they are county officials, but prisons are paid for by the state. So if you convict someone of a felony and send them to the state, your county doesn’t pick up the cost, the state does. So being tough on crime is actually financially free and political popular.
Jails, on the other hand, where we send people convicted of misdemeanors, those are paid for by the county. So what California’s basically said is that for these triple nons, the county has to pay for their incarceration, not the state, which undermines to some extent this free-riding opportunity that prosecutors had. It’s complicated, it’s imperfect, but that’s the only real effort I’ve seen that affects prosecutors. I think more consistent with what we see towards them was Hillary Clinton’s end-to-end criminal-justice-reform plan that talked about policing and talked about parole and completely ignored the prosecutor, didn’t mention it once. To me, it wasn’t so much end-to-end as it was end-and-end. It got the ends, but it missed that critical middle of the prosecutor.
Ford: Activists enjoyed a few years under the Obama administration where they had a combination of low crime and bipartisan support to really try to change the conversation. Now that there’s a president who’s willing to be not only as vocally tough on crime as politicians during the peak era, but also in some cases even more so—does that change the dynamic for criminal-justice reformers and how they should look at the other aspects of the system you mentioned?
Pfaff: I’m less concerned about Trump’s rhetoric and more concerned about the actual uptick in violent crime we’ve seen over the past two years. Here’s why I’m somewhat less concerned about Donald Trump than I think many people are: Partly, like I said, I think it’s the localism that’s what matters—that decisions being made are being made by local prosecutors and they respond to their own local interests. So there’s not much that Trump can do to move them one way or the other.
I think the example that I find most striking for this isn’t a federal one, it’s actually a state one, which is the Rockefeller drug laws. In 1973, New York passed some of the harshest drug laws in the country. [Governor Nelson] Rockefeller passed them to appear tough on crime in his effort to do a sort of end-run on the right as part of his national political aspirations.
Yet what’s interesting is that shortly after these laws were passed, there was a slight uptick in New York state prisons for drugs—but then it drops. And by 1984, 11 years after the laws were passed, there were actually fewer people in New York state prisons for drugs than there were in 1973 when the laws were adopted. So New York passes these tough drug laws, the governor is using them as a statement to show he is tough on crime—and all the local prosecutors just ignore them. Then, in 1984, the number of people in prison for drugs starts to rise, and rises precipitously for the next 10 or 12 years. That’s not just drugs, that’s crack. When the crack-related violence broke out across New York and the rest of the country, the prosecutors responded by using the drug laws as one way to target that violence.
And then the number of people in New York state prisons for drugs starts to drop in 1999, years before the first reform law. When those reform laws were passed, there’s no change in the decline of the number of people in prison for drugs in New York. So basically what happened is the New York City DAs who led this decline had decided to stop sending people to prison for drugs independent of what was happening in Albany.
What that story tells me is that DAs are very local and they’ll respond to local conditions. If crime is going up, they will become tougher. And it will look perhaps like Trump’s rhetoric is pushing it, but I think it’s more that if things get tougher, Trump’s rhetoric will be a mirror of the underlying changes, not so much the cause of them.
And I would say that even if crime is going up, I don’t think that means we should turn more to incarceration. Even if violent crime is rising, there are other, far better options that we can and should use, and I think reformers need to get out ahead of that. Oftentimes we see a lot of the big reform groups saying, “Look, don’t worry, crime isn’t going up that much, it’s not really going up at all, we can still reduce prisons and reduce violence,” and that troubles me because that ties prison reform to low crime.
The fact is that whether crime is high or low, prison is not the most efficient way to respond to it, and I think we need to start telling a story that there are better ways—even if violent crime is rising, say, “Look, even if this is a real upward trend, prison is not what is going to rein it in. We can do this much better, much more smartly, in a much less costly way by focusing on well-established interventions that are good at disrupting violence.”




ARTICLE
With Scott Pruitt, a close ally of the oil and gas industry, now confirmed as administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, environmentalists are bracing for a broad assault on former President Obama’s green legacy, particularly his efforts to reduce the carbon emissions linked to global climate change.
In most of those fights, the only viable recourse for environmentalists is to contest Pruitt in court. (They can’t expect much help from the Republican Congress.) But on the critical issue of requiring auto manufacturers to improve fuel efficiency, green forces have another line of defense: unique authority that Congress granted to California under the Clean Air Act decades ago. Across the many confrontations looming between President Trump and Democratic-leaning local governments on issues from immigration to health care, the impending struggle between the EPA and California over fuel economy may be the one where Democrats most clearly hold a trump card.
After years of stalemate that blocked any increases, Obama and the auto industry reached agreement in 2009 to raise mileage requirements for cars and light trucks from around 25 miles per gallon to 35.5 mpg by 2016. (In breaking the logjam it didn’t hurt that Obama was also negotiating the federal financial lifeline that saved the auto industry amid the Great Recession.) In 2012, Obama and the auto industry reached a second agreement to raise fuel economy standards to about 54 miles per gallon by 2025. These improvements were a cornerstone of Obama’s climate agenda: his EPA projected that in 2025 improved fuel economy would yield even more carbon reductions than its Clean Power Plan targeting power generation.
California was the catalyst for the national drive to improve fuel economy through the privileged position federal law grants the state  to drive environmental innovation. Facing the endemic air pollution challenges that wrapped Los Angeles in smog, the state began regulating auto tailpipe emissions in 1966––one year before the first major federal clean air legislation. Recognizing the state’s pioneering role, the 1970 Clean Air Act (signed by Republican President Richard Nixon, a Californian) allowed California, alone among the states, to obtain EPA waivers to set its own vehicle emission standards if they were at least as stringent as federal requirements. In 1977, Congress allowed other states to adopt California’s standards, rather than the national rules.
The EPA has granted California over 100 of these waivers, which have driven an array of pollution-reduction gains. That list, as Richard Frank, an environmental law professor at the University of California (Davis), recently recounted for a State Senate committee, includes the first limits on emissions of hydrocarbons and carbon monoxide and the development of the catalytic converter and the “check engine” light diagnostic system. California, Frank notes, has repeatedly provided “a model for other states, the nation and other countries.”
In 2002, California lit the long fuse for Obama’s fuel efficiency agreements when it passed landmark legislation requiring vehicles to limit their emissions of greenhouse gases-which effectively mandated the manufacturers to improve mileage performance. About a dozen other states adopted the standards, but the George W. Bush EPA blocked the California rules by denying them, for the first time, a waiver. That fight was in court when Obama took office, but it became moot when he granted the California waiver, and effectively incorporated its fuel efficiency standards through 2016 into his first national agreement with the auto companies. The process repeated in 2012: California approved new state standards through 2025, Obama granted them a waiver and essentially merged the state rules into new national rules.
Obama’s second agreement with the auto companies required the EPA to conduct a mid-point review of the standards to determine if it was technically feasible to meet the higher requirements set for the 2022-2025 model years. Just before he left office, his EPA determined it was and finalized their approval of the 2025 requirements. But in late February, the Alliance of Auto Manufacturers formally asked the Trump EPA to reconsider that review. Most observers see that as the first step toward the industry challenging the fuel efficiency mandate itself for the 2022-2025 years-and most expect Pruitt to support that request.
Pruitt’s problem is California’s second waiver from Obama: the California Air Resources Board says it provides the state authority through 2025 to implement its own carbon emission rules, which match the existing federal vehicle fuel economy standards.* That means if Pruitt and the auto manufacturers truly want to roll back Obama’s auto efficiency standards, they will need to also rescind California’s waiver for its own rules––especially since about a dozen states, cumulatively representing about one-third of all new car sales, have adopted the state’s regulations.
“At some point, they have to try to take California’s authority away,” says Roland Hwang, director of the Natural Resources Defense Council’s energy and transportation program.
No previous administration has tried to revoke a California waiver. “There is no precedent for revoking a waiver, and there doesn’t appear to be a pathway in the Clean Air Act for doing that,” says Dan Becker, founder of the Safe Climate Campaign. But Pruitt raised eyebrows at his confirmation hearing when, under sharp questioning from Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA), he expressed clear skepticism about the waiver process.
Later this month, the California ARB plans to reaffirm its vehicle emission requirements through 2025––and to begin setting even tougher post-2025 limits to meet the ambitious overall carbon reduction goals the state approved last year. Even as the Trump Administration begins a sharp U-turn on climate, California, in other words, is putting the pedal to the metal. All involved should brace for impact.
* This article originally stated that California has the authority to set "greenhouse gas emission standards." California actually has the authority to set carbon emission rules. We regret the error.



ARTICLE
Questions about the contacts between the Trump campaign and Russian officials have now embroiled the nation’s highest law-enforcement official.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions was twice asked by the Senate Judiciary Committee about contacts with Russian officials during his confirmation hearings in January, and on neither occasion, did he detail any contacts. But The Washington Post reported Wednesday night that Sessions, then an Alabama senator, had in fact spoken twice with Sergey Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the United States, during the 2016 presidential election.
A questionnaire from Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy, a Democratic member of the Judiciary Committee, asked Sessions whether he had “been in contact with anyone connected to any part of the Russian government about the 2016 election, either before or after election day.” Sessions answered “no.”
Then, at Sessions’s January 10 hearing before the entire committee, Minnesota Senator Al Franken asked him about his views on Russia’s alleged meddling in the American presidential election, as well as reports that some Trump campaign associates had been in contact with top Russian officials during the campaign. Sessions replied that he was “not aware of any of those activities,” and added, “I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I did not have communications with the Russians.”
But the Post reported that Sessions met and spoke with Kislyak on two occasions: during a July think-tank event that included about 50 ambassadors during the Republican National Convention, and during a private meeting between the then-senator and the ambassador on September 8.
In a statement, Justice Department spokesperson Sarah Isgur Flores called it “the latest attack against the Trump Administration by partisan Democrats.” Sessions, she said, “met with the ambassador in an official capacity as a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, which is entirely consistent with his testimony.”
Sessions himself later issued a statement: “I never met with any Russian officials to discuss issues of the campaign,” it read. “I have no idea what this allegation is about. It is false.”
Meeting with the ambassador of a foreign power is not unusual for a senator. Sessions, however, was also serving as the chairman of Trump’s national security advisory committee and a key adviser to the campaign. The Post asked the other members of the Armed Services Committee whether they had met with Kislyak; none of the 19 who replied said that they had done so.   
FBI investigators are reportedly probing the full extent of the Russian government’s complicity into cyberthefts targeting the Democratic National Committee and top Hillary Clinton campaign officials, as well as the Trump campaign’s contacts with the Russian government during the election. According to The Wall Street Journal, Sessions’s contacts with Russian officials are among a broader set of Trump campaign interactions under investigation.
Wednesday’s revelations also come as Sessions has declined to recuse himself from the ongoing investigation and appoint a special prosecutor in his place. As the nation’s top law-enforcement official, Sessions would be in the awkward position of overseeing an investigation in which his own communications are under scrutiny. Multiple Democratic lawmakers have urged him to step aside, along with Representative Darrell Issa, the California Republican who pursued multiple investigations against the Obama administration as chair of the House Oversight Committee.
Those calls are now likely to grow louder. Shortly after the Post’s story was published, South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham, a Republican and frequent critic of the Russian government, told a CNN town hall that a special prosecutor would be warranted if the reports about Sessions’ interactions were true.
“If there is something there, and it goes up the chain of investigation, it is clear to me that Jeff Sessions, who is my dear friend, cannot make this decision about Trump,” Graham told the audience.
Sessions isn’t the first Trump administration official whose interactions with Kislyak have met with public scrutiny. President Trump fired National Security Adviser Mike Flynn last month for lying to Vice President Mike Pence about his conversations with the Russian diplomat. After Pence defended Flynn in a series of high-profile interviews, multiple news outlets subsequently reported that Flynn had indeed spoken multiple times with Kislyak. At least one prominent Democratic legislator said Wednesday night Sessions should follow in Flynn’s footsteps.
“When Senator Sessions testified under oath that 'I did not have communications with the Russians,' his statement was demonstrably false, yet he let it stand for weeks—and he continued to let it stand even as he watched the President tell the entire nation he didn't know anything about anyone advising his campaign talking to the Russians,” Representative Elijah Cummings, a Maryland Democrat and the ranking member of the House Oversight Committee, said in a statement. “Attorney General Sessions should resign immediately, and there is no longer any question that we need a truly independent commission to investigate this issue.”
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi quickly followed that with her own statement. “After lying under oath to Congress about his own communications with the Russians, the Attorney General must resign,” she said.



ARTICLE
President Trump had lunch with Republican leaders to “start the process” of advancing his agenda after outlining his policy vision in an address to Congress on Tuesday night. Trump’s new executive order on immigration is expected to be released in the next few days and will reportedly remove Iraq from the list of countries whose citizens face a temporary travel ban. The Senate confirmed Montana Representative Ryan Zinke to head the Department of the Interior. Three people were killed as severe storms plowed through Illinois, Missouri, and several other states in the Midwest on Tuesday and Wednesday. The National Park Service announced that the expected peak bloom date for the cherry blossoms in Washington, D.C. is March 14 through March 17, the earliest date on record.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Not Good Enough: Donald Trump’s demeanor Tuesday night and his inclusion of some issues, like infrastructure, pleased Democrats. “But the evening was not the start of a beautiful friendship.” (Susan Milligan, U.S. News and World Report)
Risky Business: A record number of U.S. intelligence officers and government contractors are reportedly seeking opportunities in the private sector amid concerns over the strained relationship between the intelligence community and the Trump administration. Will the National Security Agency experience a brain drain? (Dustin Volz and Warren Strobel, Reuters)
Targeting the EPA: The Washington Post reports that the Trump administration is considering steep cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency’s budget that would involve reducing staff by 20 percent and cutting clean air and water programs. (Juliet Eiperin and Brady Dennis)
Behind the ‘October Surprise’: Some people think FBI Director James Comey reopened the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email server just days before the presidential election to hurt her chances of winning. But, writes Bethany McLean, he might have been thinking more about himself. (Vanity Fair)
The Right Enemies: Ben Shapiro explains how the Democrats’ new strategy—to oppose Trump at every turn—is unlikely to defeat the president, and might end up backfiring on them instead. (National Review)
 
Louder Than Words: The Washington Post analyzes lawmakers’ body language during six key moments of Donald Trump’s congressional address Tuesday. View the annotated images here.  (Amber Phillips and Kevin Uhrmacher)
President Trump is expected to introduce a federal-budget proposal next month that significantly increases defense spending, while slashing funds on most other programs, including cuts at the Environmental Protection Agency and for foreign aid. If you were in charge of the country’s budget, and you had extra funds to allocate wherever you wished, what agency or program would you prioritize—and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Sometimes in politics, you’ve just got to give the people what they want.
Donald Trump proved an expert at that particular obligation during his campaign, enthralling his crowds like a rock legend performing his greatest hits—the mockery of his opponents, the off-the-cuff anecdotes and asides, pledging again and again to build that big, beautiful wall.
On Tuesday night, however, the people arrayed before President Trump were not the adoring faithful, but a considerably fussier bunch: the United States Congress. These 535 men and women will determine whether the bulk of Trump’s ambitious agenda becomes a reality. And they (or most importantly, the Republican half) wanted a different, more focused speech—a bit more hope and optimism, at least some substance if not specifics, unifying more than browbeating, an address they could go on TV and call, yes, presidential.
For a full hour, Trump gave it to them. He stayed on script. He reached out, at least rhetorically, to Democrats with calls for infrastructure spending and paid family leave. He didn’t digress into attacks on the press, or his other enemies. It was a subdued speech, even a little staid, and Republicans loved it all the more.
“The most important thing he delivered was the right tone,” Representative Tom Reed of New York told me moments after he congratulated Trump on his way out of the House chamber. “He was speaking to the innovation spirit of America, the American spirit of optimism. And I thought that was perfect.”
Reed said he “really did appreciate” that Trump wasn’t his usual combative self. “What he did today was to set a tone that’s going to allow us to start the process of healing as a nation,” he added.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, not a man usually prone to hyperbole, immediately labeled the address “a home run,” and Republicans lawmakers walked out of the Capitol with wide grins and, undoubtedly, giant sighs of relief. Even Democrats grudgingly acknowledged that Trump had performed well, although several gave him credit more out of frustration that his inoffensive delivery would overshadow what they and other Trump critics considered the more offensive and largely unrealistic proposals that he actually laid out. “Other than the fact that it was Donald Trump on good behavior, speaking in a softer, soothing voice—and in sentences—there were no details to the plans,” Representative Peter Welch of Vermont said.
Other Democrats suggested Trump benefited from the unfair politics of low expectations. “I don’t think it was one of the more brilliant speeches, but it was a lot better than it could have been,” said Representative Eliot Engel, a New York Democrat who announced earlier on Tuesday that he was abandoning his 29-year-long tradition of greeting the president in the center aisle of the House chamber during addresses there.
“I was glad that he [wasn’t] combative. So from that point of view it was good,” Engel said. “But there were a lot of platitudes in it. I’d like a chicken in every pot, too. But how are you going to make it happen?”
That was the unanswered question both of Trump’s speech and of his awkward monthlong introduction to the whims and egos of Congress. The new president has issued a flurry of executive orders, but aside from signing a few bills undoing late Obama-era regulations, his agenda on Capitol Hill is stuck in a bumper-to-bumper traffic jam. An enormous infrastructure package is waiting on tax reform, which is waiting on health care. And all three of those big-ticket items may soon get sidetracked by an April deadline to avoid a government shutdown.
Divisions among Republicans have played a big role in the delay, but Trump’s inexperience with the legislative give-and-take hasn’t helped. The incoming administration sent up a host of presidential nominees who had not been sufficiently vetted, leading to a slow confirmation process and, more recently, a number of withdrawals. Lawmakers have been irritated by the White House’s mixed messages on key policy details, like a border adjustment tax, and its lack of a clear direction on how Trump wants to replace the Affordable Care Act.
In the lead-up to Tuesday’s address, the president’s initial budget request ran straight into a GOP buzz saw. Trump intended to champion what he claimed was a “historic,” $54 billion increase in defense spending that delivered on a clear campaign promise. But the very lawmakers who should have most welcomed the added money—Republican defense hawks—promptly panned the proposal as insufficient. What the White House heralded as a 10 percent increase over current spending levels under budget sequestration, they said, was actually just a pittance more than what former President Barack Obama asked for a year ago. “With a world on fire, America cannot secure peace through strength with just 3 percent more than President Obama’s budget. We can and must do better,” said Senator John McCain of Arizona, an increasingly frequent Trump critic who leads the Senate Armed Services Committee. McCain’s counterpart in the House, Representative Mac Thornberry of Texas, struck the same note in a separate statement.
Other Republicans hailed the increase in Pentagon spending while at the same time criticizing Trump for proposing to pay for it only with cuts to domestic discretionary programs—and not reforms to entitlement programs that conservatives have long sought but which the president campaigned against. Discretionary spending makes up a fraction of the budget compared with what the government spends on Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. And it was already trimmed significantly in the last round of budget cuts after Republicans won control of the House six years ago. “The president’s budget is not something we have to pass,” said Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma, a senior Republican loyal to the party leadership. “We can’t balance the budget on discretionary, non-defense spending. It is just not possible to do, and anyone who claims otherwise is on a fool’s errand.”
Cole raised concerns about cuts to the National Institutes of Health, while Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina proclaimed Trump’s proposal to slash funding for the State Department and foreign aid was “dead on arrival.” Even to Republicans more sympathetic to Trump’s priorities, the budget request illustrated that the new president still had a lot to learn. “I do think the president needs to understand that’s not the way people are going to work here,” Representative Raúl Labrador of Idaho told reporters. “What’s going to happen is if we increase military spending, we’re also going to increase non-defense discretionary.”
“He needs to understand the entitlements, that they are the driver of the debt,” Labrador added.
Republicans have also sought more direction from Trump on health care and tax reform, hoping he could help break the intra-party logjams on elements holding up those efforts. In his address, the president seemed to embrace parts of an emerging House plan to replace Obamacare with refundable tax credits while granting “flexibility” to states that expanded Medicaid. But even then, Trump stopped short of a clear endorsement, leaving his language open to interpretation by supporters and critics of the GOP plan. The White House on Wednesday morning announced that the president would host a meeting that afternoon with Republican leaders, where perhaps they would delve into the details he did not address the night before.
Where Trump has excelled more is in the glad-handing part of congressional relations. He’s brought numerous lawmakers from both parties to the White House, and they all seem to depart with the impression that he supports their priorities. The president’s mutually beneficial courting of Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia, for example, appears to have paid early dividends. The Democrat, who is up for reelection in a red state next year, has voted for several of Trump’s Cabinet nominees and, unlike most of his colleagues, applauded throughout the address on Tuesday.
Trump was at his most charming when he entertained a group of Republican lawmakers at the White House about two weeks ago, recalled Representative Chris Collins, a close Trump ally from New York who organized the meeting. “When we were in the Roosevelt Room and he’s running 10 minutes late, he goes, ‘Hey, have you guys ever been in the Oval Office?’” Collins said. The lawmakers said no. “Come on in!” Trump replied. “Meanwhile his staff is going nuts,” Collins continued. “He’s already 10 minutes late.” The president proceeded to bring in the White House photographers to get pictures with each of the members.
The story is a common one for Trump, and it’s the kind of thing most presidents have done to impress visitors and strike up a connection they’ll remember. But, Collins said, it’s an important gesture from a man who, unlike many of his predecessors, has little previous relationship with the politicians he needs to win over now. “To build goodwill with the White House goes a long way when there’s a tough vote. That was something Obama never did,” Collins said. “Let’s face it: The president is new to government, and the nuances of government.”
The former president routinely dismissed his critics who argued that he could have won more compromise if only he had socialized with Republicans more. “Why don’t you get a drink with Mitch McConnell?” Obama quipped at the White House Correspondents Dinner in 2013.
Trump is testing that theory now, betting that a charm offensive at the White House and during his first address to Congress will spur lawmakers to action more than engaging in the nitty-gritty of policy and procedure. It worked for him well enough during the campaign, but as he’s slowly learning, the solons of Capitol Hill are a much different crowd.



ARTICLE
In his first address to a joint session of Congress, President Trump outlined a three-part economic plan. First, he called for an increase in military spending—his budget would reportedly raise it by about 10 percent, or $54 billion, while cutting similar amounts from agencies including the State Department and the Environmental Protection Agency. Second, he called on Congress to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. Third, he reiterated his support for tax reform, which, if it follows his previous proposals, would cut taxes by almost $10 trillion, with the benefits largely accruing to corporations and the rich.
Together, these three proposals would represent a dramatic shift away from the policies of the Obama administration: from diplomacy to weaponry, from environmental protection to national-border protection, from public-health spending to private health spending, from eight years of favoring redistribution to a period of falling taxes on the rich, and from a term of falling deficits to the re-emergence of large deficits.
On paper, Trump’s economic policy looks like a profound re-imagination of the government’s role in American life. But in political terms, each leg of this three-legged stool is wobbly.
First, the cuts to agencies like the State Department have riled Republicans; Senator Lindsay Graham has called the White House budget “dead on arrival.” Second, repealing Obamacare sounds easy, but Republicans have struggled to settle on any plan to replace the ACA, or find the votes to repeal it without an immediate replacement.
Third, passing major tax reform is like permanently deleting social media or eating just one potato chip—easy to talk about, nearly impossible to accomplish. An easier lift would be a straightforward tax cut, akin to the ones that George W. Bush signed.
But even Bush-style tax cuts will be awkward politics without any budget cuts to accompany them, since they will immediately expand the deficit. Tea Party Republicans, who stormed into office on promises to reduce the debt, may have to cast their first major vote under Trump for a tax cut that would do the opposite. (The Trump administration may “dynamically” score the plan to be revenue-neutral, relying on optimistic projections of growth to balance things out; the Congressional Budget Office has already signaled that it’s unlikely to go along with that.)
The upshot is that governance is hard, even when your party controls everything. Republican leaders like Senator John Thune and House Speaker Paul Ryan want entitlement reform, which Trump has no interest in signing. Trump wants to eviscerate the State Department and foreign aid, which Republican senators have no interest in doing. Republicans say they want cheaper health care and broader insurance coverage, but repealing Obamacare would make insurance more expensive and less available for many middle- and working-class families.
As a result, Republicans stand divided in unified government.
So, what could happen, besides nothing? A plausible path forward would include a modest tax cut combined with modest budget cuts outside of defense, Medicare, and Social Security. That leaves other safety-net programs vulnerable, like housing assistance and refundable tax credits for the poor; science and medical research; and diplomacy and foreign aid.
Several years ago, Ezra Klein quipped that the federal government is an insurance company with a standing army. It was an illuminating summary of an institution whose spending is concentrated on health insurance, retirement insurance, and military spending. But the metaphor was never supposed to be taken as prescriptive. The most plausible path forward for the White House and the Republican Congress, though, would leave little room for the federal government to do anything except provide health and retirement insurance to senior citizens and oversee an ever-growing military.
It would amount to a reshuffling of post-tax income from households near the poverty line to households above the millionaire line. Medicaid, CHIP, ACA subsidies, and other safety-net programs to protect lower-income Americans would be sacrificed in favor  of “individual freedom” and “national security” to pay for a tax cut that disproportionately benefits the richest 1 percent. And that’s if they manage to pass anything at all.



ARTICLE
On scattered occasions in bygone years, I daydreamed about how refreshing it would be if a plainspoken outsider took control of the American presidency from the long parade of career politicians with canned speeches of platitudinous proposals.
Never again will I indulge that very American fantasy.
“One of the great achievements of free society in a stable democracy is that many people, for much of the time, need not think about politics at all,” Andrew Sullivan wrote last month, adding that Donald Trump’s America felt “less like living in a democracy than being a child trapped in a house where there is an abusive and unpredictable father, who will brook no reason, respect no counter-argument, admit no error, and always, always up the ante until catastrophe inevitably strikes.”
On Tuesday night, addressing a joint session of Congress, Donald J. Trump was uncharacteristically staid. He did not question the birthplace of any Democrats; sneer that any foreign countries are sending us their rapists; call Ted Cruz’s wife ugly; insult a Gold Star mother with an ethnic stereotype; urge the public to check out a sex tape; digress in order to brag about his electoral college victory; lie about inauguration crowds; praise a brutal dictator; needlessly insult the prime minister of a close military ally; or declare any of his fellow American citizens to be deplorable enemies of the people. Clearing that low bar was enough to make the speech the finest moment of his presidency. Watching a man read from a teleprompter and mostly sound like a typical Washington politician has never felt so calming.
I hope that this represents a pivot to the basic level of decorum and rhetorical discipline Americans long took for granted––that Trump has tired of stoking the divisiveness and polarization that is indispensable to Steve Bannon’s project. The speech certainly sounded less Breitbartian than his inaugural address, even with its factual problems and demagoguery on illegal immigrant crime. Much of its proposals will properly be subject to intense debate. As for tone, John Podhoretz is right:

He spoke quietly, fluently and in a dignified manner entirely different from the raucous talk-show-caller style that has turned American politics on its head. He even seemed to criticize it himself in his closing words: “The time for small thinking is over. The time for trivial fights is behind us.”

Time will tell if Trump gives up picking trivial fights. (Is he still on Twitter?)
After “read my lips, no new taxes;” “I did not have sex with that woman;” “the Iraq regime continues to possess and conceal some of the most lethal weapons ever devised;" and “warrantless surveillance of American citizens, in defiance of FISA, is unlawful and unconstitutional,” I no longer look to what presidents say to understand reality; I mistrust all of their words and scrutinize their actions instead.
That’s why, though I hope Trump has just signaled an intent to be a better president––that Tuesday was a small step for America and a giant leap for Trump’s superego––I shan’t regard him as possessing even the partial credibility of bygone presidents until he also conforms to the long-held norms that demand more of him than a skilled speechwriter. Trump owes us his tax returns. He owes us a credible explanation for the ties many of his associates have to Russia. He owes us divestment from his international corporate holdings, for he has massive business conflicts all over the world that compromise his ability to act in America’s interests.
It was proper to honor the widow of a fallen soldier, a moment that National Review’s David French described with particular eloquence. But that moment is no substitute for an honest inquiry into the mission’s wisdom and an attempt to learn from it. And while it’s nice that Trump mentioned Black History Month and denounced hate crimes, it is vital that he reverse course so that the federal government continues both its oversight of police departments that perpetrate civil rights violations and its efforts to combat the terrorist threat posed by right-wing extremists.
Tuesday night’s speech far surpassed expectations. But unifying the country, “making America great again,” and every other sweeping promise Trump has made requires far more than one evening’s rhetoric, especially when the man making big promises has a trail of ex-wives and creditors attesting to the unreliability of his word, and has left large swaths of the government unprepared to excel.
“Hopefully, Trump will surprise his detractors and behave better in the White House than he has in the 2016 campaign, his business career, and his personal life,” I wrote the night of Trump’s victory. “For the sake of the nation and the world, I hope he rises to the occasion, and that he respects the civil liberties of every American regardless of their identity. In any project that benefits the nation while safeguarding civil rights and liberal norms, I wish him success... Still, I worry that the worst sides of Trump will resurface.”
So far, Trump’s worst side has resurfaced during 38 days governing, while his best side emerged on the 39th day. Like a factory with a sign that says, “It has been one 1 day since the last accident,” that breakdown isn’t reason to brag, let alone cause for optimism. But it’s better than nothing.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump wore a non-sparkly tie last night. His suit fit. He seems to have upgraded his haircut too. After some initial hesitation, Trump found something positive to say about Black History Month and something negative about anti-Semitic hate crimes.
Better still, Trump worked his way through more than an hour of television without insulting or demeaning anyone. He did not mention his crowd sizes, argue about his vote margin, or attack the press. Although he again trafficked in misleading or deceptive statements, he eschewed outright lies.
Different people will have different reactions to Trump’s spotlighting of a Navy SEAL’s widow to immunize himself against accusations that he cavalierly and ignorantly ordered troops into a poorly considered combat mission—but clearly, many TV viewers found the moment inspiring and affecting.
These limited but real accomplishments elicited a barrage of praise from cable and social media commentators last night. Donald Trump: presidential at last!
In the light of morning, it’s time for a colder review. Trump did achieve something last night, and something important. But he failed to achieve three other things that are even more important to his presidency—and those three failures will matter much more in the days ahead.
The first failure: There’s still no coherent agenda.
The purpose of these joint-session speeches is not, actually, to reassure the president’s base that the leader of the country is mentally well. The purpose of the speeches is to mobilize support in Congress and the country for the president’s legislative plans. President George W. Bush’s 2001 address argued for his tax cut. Barack Obama’s in 2009 defended and advanced his recovery program.
Donald Trump omitted to do anything like that. On every one of the issues dividing House from Senate Republicans—tax reform, healthcare, immigration—Trump avoided so much as indicating a preference, let alone leading the way. His line about Israel-Palestine (“I’m looking at two-state and one-state, and I like the one that both parties like”) also seems to apply to the issues before Congress: You guys sort it out.
Health care? If Obamacare is repealed, millions of people will lose Medicaid coverage, including many Trump voters in states like Ohio and Kentucky. What does the president propose to do about that? His answer is contained in one single sentence: “We should give our great state governors the resources and flexibility they need with Medicaid to make sure no one is left out.”
Tax reform? Donald Trump endorsed “massive tax relief for the middle class.” No such relief is offered by the various plans circulating in House and Senate. House Speaker Paul Ryan in fact is touting a “border adjustment tax” that (while an elegant solution to inefficiencies created by the present corporate income tax) would have the side effect of increasing costs of everyday goods like clothing, shoes, and consumer electronics.
Immigration? Senators Cotton and Perdue have introduced in the Senate exactly the kind of immigration reform  Trump supposedly favors. Its most important feature—lowering the absolute level of immigration—went undiscussed.
Infrastructure? Trump said he would soon ask Congress for a $1 trillion public-private program. How would it work? What would it do? Why should Americans support him? All went unargued.
As Paul Ryan told Today’s Matt Lauer on the morning of the speech, Trump acts more like a chairman than a president, assigning the real work of leadership to others. The trouble is, the system cannot work that way. Without presidential leadership, House and Senate Republicans cannot agree, laws will not pass, and entropy will win. The February 28 speech ominously indicated that leadership continues to be unforthcoming.
The second failure: There’s still no plan to build a majority coalition to support a Trump program.
Donald Trump’s fierce need for approval has disabled him from acknowledging the strategic fact of majority disapproval. Fifty-six percent disapproval is not an insurmountable obstacle. But how can a leader surmount a difficulty that he insists does not exist?
In 2001, President Bush—elected with a narrow popular vote deficit—reckoned with the enduring popularity of the Clinton economic program by promising that his tax cut would leave the essentials of that program intact. In 1993, Bill Clinton—who had won only a 43 percent plurality of the national popular vote—responded by adopting Ross Perot’s concerns with debts and deficits as his own.
Donald Trump’s political plan, by contrast, continues to be premised on the idea that he commands a big latent pool of public support, awaiting only activation and mobilization by him. Unlike Bush’s No Child Left Behind program or Bill Clinton and his support for NAFTA and the death penalty, Trump’s offer to those who did not vote for him continues to be—like Michael Corleone in The Godfather—“Nothing.”
Michael Corleone had the clout to compel acceptance of that offer. Does Trump? A year from now, millions of Hillary Clinton voters may face the imminent loss of Medicaid coverage. They could be paying higher prices at Wal-Mart (thanks to Ryan’s border-adjustment tax) in order to finance a tax cut for upper-income America. If Trump’s hopes for rapid job and wage growth have come true, he may get away with it. But if not, he will have no answer at all to those voters’ grievances, especially if they feel themselves to be on the receiving end of Trump’s angry cultural politics. Numbers are not everything in American democracy. Trump’s election by itself proves that. But numbers do matter, and a lot. Trump’s plan to deal with the weight of numbers against him remains a long-odds gamble that this already seven-year-old economic expansion will now accelerate rather than—as history suggests—soon come to an end.
The third failure: The scandals accumulate unanswered.
It may someday seem highly symbolic that Donald Trump delivered his first joint session speech on the same evening that his sons Don Jr. and Eric, and daughter Tiffany, had traveled out of the country to open the Trump family’s newest hotel: a project built and financed by the son of a Malaysian plutocrat with a criminal record.
Suspicions of ethical violations and foreign-espionage penetration overshadow the Trump presidency. On the Monday before Trump’s big speech, Sean Spicer expressed angry frustration at the refusal of the press to accept Trump’s pledged word for it that there was “no there there” to the Russia connection story. By now, of course, no self-respecting journalist accepts Donald Trump’s unsubstantiated word for anything—or Sean Spicer’s, either.
Last night would have been the perfect occasion to call for an independent inquiry to vindicate Trump from unfair insinuations that his team colluded with Russian espionage to sway the 2016 election. If Donald Trump were conscientious, last night would have been a magnificent opportunity to review progress toward disentangling himself from the Trump business and erecting the ethical firewall his team again and again have promised to the American people.
But here, too, the gamble is: Plunge ahead and hope that nothing too damaging comes to light. Through his long business career of big risks, big failures, and big recoveries, that gambling instinct has propelled Donald Trump forward. It makes sense that he manages his presidency the same way. But never before has he faced such dangerous consequences if his gamble goes wrong. And this time, the people who will pay such consequences are not only Donald Trump’s unfortunate investors, lenders, suppliers, and workers—but the whole of this great nation and its truest friends abroad.




ARTICLE
This story was updated on Wednesday, March 1 at 10:06 a.m.
Donald Trump is worried about violence by unauthorized immigrants. When he spoke before a joint session of Congress on Tuesday night, he invited three relatives of people that unauthorized immigrants had killed to attend as his guests.
In that speech, he called for the Department of Homeland Security to create an office focused on the victims of immigrant crime. And in a January 25 executive order, he instructed the Homeland Security Secretary to “make public a comprehensive list of criminal actions committed by aliens.”
On its face, this is odd. As far as researchers can tell, unauthorized immigrants commit crimes at a lower rate than the American population at large. A 2007 National Bureau of Economic Research Paper by Wellesley College economist Kristin F. Butcher and Rutgers economist Anne Morrison Piehl found that “immigrants have much lower institutionalization (incarceration) rates than the native born.” (The discrepancy, they noted, could not be explained by the fact that the government deports some immigrant criminals, thus sparing them incarceration in the U.S.). A review of census data between 1980 and 2010 revealed that while non-citizens comprised 7 percent of the U.S. population, they comprised only 5 percent of those in America’s prisons.
Trump’s allies may believe that sneaking into the United States, or using a fake social security number to get a job, predisposes people to rob, rape, or kill. But the evidence does not bear this out. So if Trump’s goal is increasing public safety, publishing a list of crimes committed by unauthorized immigrants is irrational. It’s like publishing a list of crimes committed by people with red-hair.
If, however, Trump’s goal is stigmatizing a vulnerable class of people, then publicizing their crimes—and their crimes alone—makes sense. It’s been a tactic bigots have used more than a century.  
Using crime to incite hatred has a long history in the United States. Khalil Gibran Muhammad, a professor of history, race, and public policy at Harvard’s Kennedy School of Government, notes that for at least a century after the end of slavery, northern newspapers generally identified African Americans accused of committing crimes as “negro” or “colored.” Southern newspapers generally referred to the offender as a “negro criminal” in bold—using the individual’s name and “the negro” interchangeably in the story. White criminals, by contrast, were not identified by race. (This tradition continues at Breitbart, which has a special category for “black crime.”)
Government crime statistics reflected ethnic and racial fears too. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, notes Muhammad, when native-born Americans were growing alarmed by mass immigration from Southern and Eastern Europe, big city police forces broke down crime statistics by European nationality: Russian, German, Italian, etc. As nativist fears receded following the shutdown of such immigration, the FBI began lumping all European nationalities into the category “foreign born” beginning in 1930. By 1940, the European foreign born were subsumed into “white.”
In The Nazi Conscience, Duke historian Claudia Koonz notes that the Nazi newspaper Der Sturmer ran a feature called “Letter Box,” which published readers’ accounts of Jewish crimes. When the Nazis took power, the German state began doing something similar. Frustrated by the failure of most Germans to participate in a boycott of Jewish businesses in April 1933, Adolf Hitler’s government began publicizing Jewish crime statistics as a way of stoking anti-Semitism. In Nazi Germany and the Jews: The Years of Persecution, the historian Saul Friedlander notes that, until 1938, Hitler’s Ministry of Justice ordered prosecutors to forward every criminal indictment against a Jew so the ministry’s press office could publicize it.
Trump’s defenders might claim that what he’s doing differs from these prior examples. He’s publicizing the crimes of a legal group—illegal immigrants—not a religious, ethnic, or racial one. But in the United States in 2017, talking about “illegal immigrants” is like talking about “welfare mothers” or “crack dealers” in 1987. The racial implication is clear. Trump made it so himself in his announcement speech when he said that, “When Mexico sends its people…They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists.”
Trump’s defenders might also argue that crime by unauthorized immigrants deserves special attention because, if the U.S. enforced its immigration laws, it wouldn’t occur at all. But even if it were possible to entirely prevent illegal entry into the United States—something prior presidents have failed to do despite massively militarizing America’s southern border—what’s the point of publicizing crimes that illegal immigrants commit, except to incite hatred them against them, and those Latinos legally in the United States who get mistaken for them?
Trump is scapegoating in the classic sense. He’s taking the sin of crime and associating it with one, already stigmatized, group, thus allowing native-born Americans to consider themselves pure. In Leviticus, the high priest takes a goat, “confess[es] over it all the iniquities and transgressions of the Israelites” and then sends it into the wilderness so it won’t contaminate them. When it comes to unauthorized immigrants, Trump is reenacting that ritual. Americans will soon learn just how harsh his legal and moral wilderness is.




ARTICLE
During Richard Nixon’s years as a slashingly anti-Communist U.S. senator and vice president, The Washington Post’s famed cartoonist Herblock (Herbert Block) was a relentless critic. His trademark was portraying Nixon with a heavier and heavier five o’clock shadow, caricaturing him as a thug.
Then in 1968, when Nixon returned to Washington as president, Herblock drew a famous cartoon saying in effect, “every new president deserves a clean shave” and began presenting a better-looking Nixon (for a while).
I decided to approach Donald Trump’s speech tonight to Congress in the “clean shave” spirit. During the campaign I was not an admirer. I thought his inaugural address was unique among such speeches in its dark divisiveness, and since the inauguration I’ve considered his actions more abrasive than even I had foreseen.
But suppose I didn’t know or think any of that. Suppose I was listening to this as just another of the presidential addresses to Congress I’ve heard over the years (and for many years annotated here for The Atlantic, for instance going back to this one by President George W. Bush in 2003, through these by President Obama in 2012 and 2014).
Of course it’s impossible to forget what we’ve learned about Trump over these past 18 months. But I tried my best to watch this speech with new eyes. And at the end of the exercise I thought that the speech would simultaneously seem less impressive, more impressive, and, in a particular way, shocking if we set aside what we already know about Donald Trump. Here goes:
Less Impressive: From a rhetorical perspective, State of the Union addresses are necessary evils, as I’ve tried to explain over the years. Structurally and stylistically they are inevitably cumbersome, since every part of the government views this as its opportunity to cram in the sentence or budget-number goal that will bolster its case in legislative battles. The speeches are always supposed to have a “theme” but rarely do, since their obligation is to be encyclopedic. They’re usually lumbered with would-be eloquent passages but are more often notable for their creaky transitions, on the model of “turning now to world affairs” or “we cannot be strong overseas unless we are strong at home.”
But precisely because the whole government can see them coming so far in advance, State of the Union addresses usually reveal a certain pride in workmanship. The president usually practices. The fact-checkers usually take care with questionable facts. The speechwriters are usually ready to kill themselves by the end of the process, but they’ve done their best to avoid cliches or passages that could have been taken from high-school oratory contests.
By those usual standards, Trump’s quasi-State of the Union address (some presidents call these first-year speeches State of the Union, some don’t) was of a low-average level. Trump read the speech from the prompter in a perfunctory and sometimes rushed-seeming fashion—or so I say, mentally comparing him with the dozens of such speeches I have seen. You could tell the difference in the handful of moments when he ad libbed—“a great, great! wall”— and momentarily came alive. Paragraph by paragraph, the speech dispensed even with the pretense of transitions from one theme to another, or feints at continuity. Sentence by sentence, it was uncomfortably close to speech contests at the junior-high school level: “The challenges we face as a Nation are great. But our people are even greater.”
So if this were just one more address to Congress—by either of the Bush presidents, or Reagan or Clinton or for that matter any modern figure—I think the general reaction would be: This is OK, barely.
But because this was by Donald Trump, and because stylistically it was such a contrast to his other big-deal rhetorical presentations, it is in my view receiving a significant grading-on-the-curve benefit. For other presidents, sticking close to the pre-released text was a routine expectation. In Barack Obama’s case, it was the source of right-wing criticism that he was “slave to the teleprompter.” In Bill Clinton’s case, a prompter emergency gave rise to his policy-detail improvisation in a big speech on health-care policy in 1993. But before Trump, no one wondered or worried whether a president could stick to the text, or felt relief that he had.
Trump’s “American carnage” inaugural address, as I argued, was shockingly dystopian. His “I alone can fix it” acceptance speech in Cleveland was shockingly Il Duce-like. His speeches along the campaign trail—well, we remember them.
Although the substantive proposals in this speech were consistent with what Trump has been saying all along, the speech sounded more normal as he said them. It began with a mention of the anti-Semitic threats and desecrations about which the Trump team had been so notably silent, plus Black History Month. It avoided attacks on the media as the “enemy of the people” or the obsessive comments about his “historic” “landslide” victory that had studded so many of Trump’s remarks. Even as the substance tracked Trump’s previous positions—or even when, as with his insistence on the threat of “Radical Islamic Terrorism,” it reemphasized positions that advisers like James Mattis and H.R. McMaster had seemed to challenge—it was several decibels down from his accustomed tone. Linguistically the speech was also less aggressive. Trump didn’t describe his opponents as “losers” or “enemies” (though he made ample use of his favored term “disaster” to describe topics from Obamacare to current foreign policy).
This speech offered no more of the “we Americans are in this together” notes than usual State of the Union addresses—but because it had so many more than what we’re accustomed to from Donald Trump, it was received in TV-pundit land as being more “presidential” and statesmanlike than the same speech from any other president would have been. In short, if we heard this speech afresh, without knowing the speaker’s rhetorical history, I don’t think anyone would be saying: Gee, that was so unifying and high-road!
More Impressive: Massive as they typically are, most joint-session speeches like this are actually tips of the iceberg, mere hints at the huge bulk of policy work and attention-to-detail that lie beneath. Criticize as you will the policies that presidents as different as Carter and Reagan, or Clinton and Obama compared to both of the Bushes, have laid out, still you won’t find many obvious, glaring factual errors in passages from their major national addresses. Shading facts in a favorable direction, sure. Willfully misstating them is rarer. In most cases, someone inside the government would say “wait a minute!” before whoppers made their way into a speech.
This speech contained whoppers. For example: As part of his “the economy was terrible when I got here” pitch, Trump said that “94 million Americans are out of the labor force.” That’s “true”—but only if you include people who have retired, or have disabilities, or are still in high school or college, or for a variety of other reasons aren’t actively looking for jobs. Which is to say, it’s completely false in the context in which Trump used it—and its preposterousness has been pointed out before. I know that the economics team would have given me trouble if I had tried to put a cooked figure like that into one of Jimmy Carter’s State of the Union addresses, and I believe the same would have been true in other administrations. The New York Times offered a real-time fact-check of similar sloppiness in Trump’s speech. One of the most notable was his claim that foreign-born terrorists were a major source of violence inside the United States. (They are not.)
Again, from the Vietnam War through the Iraq War to Syria, administrations have mis-stated reality, wittingly or otherwise. But as a routine matter, they have tried to avoid unnecessary distortions. Thus if you heard this speech with fresh ears, not knowing its origin, you would probably give it the benefit of the doubt by assuming that its factual claims had been through the standard vetting process.
Perhaps more important, you would probably also assume that there was an iceberg of policies—real ones, with budgetary estimates attached to them, and specific details, and decisions made about the toughest trade-offs—beneath those tips of conceptual goals that stuck up in the speech. If you say in the State of the Union that you’re taking a new approach to crime, then in normal administrations you’ve got a whole set of proposals ready for the Congress. If you say, as Trump did, that you want to spend $50 billion more on the military, you have specifics ready on how and why and where. If you promise to build a “great, great wall” or have a huge infrastructure program, you’re ready with the details on funding—and how, exactly, they match up with your simultaneous promises to cut taxes and reduce the deficit. If you’re taking up the two most contentious issues for your own party—in Trump’s case, what exactly to do about immigrants who are already here, and how exactly to “replace” Obamacare—you don’t make them  major subjects of your speech unless you’ve already wrestled with them at a first-principles level. But Trump presented them the way you would in a campaign speech — as a set of goals and promises, with no indications of where the difficult lines will be drawn.
The same was true on nearly any point of substance.  To wrap up this theme: If you heard this speech from another president, you might have had a more favorable reaction to it, because you would assume that the factual claims had been more carefully examined, and that the main policy objectives were backed up with ready-to-go proposals. When Barack Obama gave his initial address to Congress eight years ago this week, he explained the long-term goals of his $800 billion stimulus plan—which he had already presented to Congress six days after he took office, and which had passed both houses and taken effect before February was out. Something similar was true of Jimmy Carter with his energy legislation in 1977, and Ronald Reagan with his tax-cut plans four years later. Yes, moving too fast can cause problems, just like moving too slow. But we have no recent parallel for an administration with so few of the big questions answered (and so few senior officials in place to do the answering), so many weeks into its term.
Particularly Shocking: When I was working on State of the Union speeches in the 1970s, the “Lenny Skutnik” tradition did not yet exist. Skutnik was a young D.C.-based civil servant who in January, 1982 dived into the frigid Potomac to help rescue survivors of an airliner that had crashed into the river. For his State of the Union address two weeks later, Ronald Reagan invited Lenny Skutnik to sit next to Nancy Reagan in the First Lady’s box, and called him out in the speech as an example of American heroism. Ever since then, the First Lady’s box has included guests whose character or achievement illustrate themes the president would like to stress.
I’ll pass over Trump’s inclusion of a group prominently featured at the Republican convention: relatives of those who were killed by illegal immigrants. This is hateful in my view—you’d have a much larger pool to draw from if you were choosing relatives of those killed by domestic violence, or by drunk drivers, or by accidental or intended gunfire, or by opioids or heroin, or by suicide and depression, or by other modern evils—but I know this (and the related, odious VOICE program) are part of the Trump brand.
The shock to me was the way Trump called out Carryn Owens, widow of the Navy SEAL, Ryan Owens, who died in the raid in Yemen that Trump authorized during his first week in office. He spoke of her husband’s bravery and sacrifice; she naturally broke down in tears; and the camera stayed on her as the Congress stood and gave a prolonged ovation.
The pundits I saw on TV were calling the moment “powerful” and “presidential.” I disagree. For Ryan Owens’s own commitment and sacrifice, I feel only respect, honor, and admiration. His wife’s grief must be bottomless—like that of Ryan Owens’s father, who is so bitter about the raid that he refused to acknowledge Trump or shake his hand when Ryan Owens’s body was returned to Dover Air Force base.
But the public use of a widow’s grief in this ceremony seemed all too close to the spectacle that was the heart of Ben Fountain’s unforgettable novel Billy Lynn’s Long Halftime Walk, or the phenomenon I called “Chickenhawk Nation” in my cover story two years ago. In that piece I defined a chickenhawk nation as one “willing to do anything for its military except take it seriously.” Raise military budgets, sure. “Salute the heroes” at sporting events—and big presidential speeches—yes, as well. But thinking seriously about where and how Americans will be asked to risk their lives? About exactly how the defense budget will be spent? About how the burdens of service can be more fairly shared? These topics are not so interesting.
On the very same day in which Trump had tried to deflect blame for Ryan’s death and other problems of the Yemen raid, saying (incredibly) of military leaders “they lost Ryan”; on the very day after he said publicly that the nation’s military “doesn’t win any more” and “we don’t fight to win”—at that moment, Donald Trump thought it suitable to use a grieving widow in this way. And then to say, as the applause finally died down, that the cheers had “set a record.”
If you thought this “presidential,” fine.
For me, it was too easy. And cheap. Update I agree with this merciless analysis of the moment by Paul Waldman in the Washington Post.
***
The president I worked for, Jimmy Carter, forthrightly took personal responsibility after his administration’s most dramatic failure, the attempted rescue of American hostages from the embassy in Teheran. “It was my decision to attempt the rescue operation,” he said on national TV. “It was my decision to cancel it … The responsibility is fully my own.”
The first president I remember, John F. Kennedy, took public responsibility early in his administration for the failed invasion of Cuba’s Bay of Pigs. Our most recent president, Barack Obama, said after an intelligence failure, “Ultimately, the buck stops with me.” This is, finally, what presidents do. As George W. Bush put it, each is “the decider.” They can accept credit for success, but they must take responsibility for failures.
I am not yet aware of the latest incumbent publicly taking responsibility for a mistake or a failure, of any kind, ever. That will be the next step in becoming presidential.




ARTICLE
Last month, I asked Los Angeles Times readers to imagine how they would react if Donald Trump tried to kick California out of the union. After all, if not for the Golden State, he would have won the popular vote, Blue America would lose its biggest source of electoral votes, the Senate would have two fewer Democrats, the House would lose 38 more (along with 14 Republicans), and the U.S. would be a lot less ethnically diverse. It’s easy to imagine some on the alt-right preferring that future, even as most liberals and progressives would recognize it as a catastrophe.
And yet, I observed, the people presently working to bring about a “Cal-exit” by gathering signatures for a 2018 ballot measure that would start the secession process are pitching their efforts in language designed to appeal to the state’s progressives––and tapping into the anger that many Californians feel toward the president. “Californians are better educated, wealthier, more liberal, and value healthcare and education more than the rest of the country,” Marcus Ruiz Evans, one of the leaders of the Yes California Independence Campaign, declared in one op-ed. “Our views on education, science, immigration, taxation and healthcare are different.”
I spent the balance of my op-ed alerting my fellow Californians to the weakness of the substantive case for secession. A post-exit California would not be a stable political entity, and the pro-secession campaign’s arguments don’t pass the laugh test.
Here, I want to observe that their effort doesn’t pass the smell test, either.
The San Jose Mercury News took note of this in a November 26, 2016 article that began:

After a Manhattan billionaire led a wave of working-class discontent to the White House, perhaps it’s fitting that the two men steering a left-leaning movement to get California out of Donald Trump’s  America lack liberal bona fides. Louis Marinelli and Marcus Evans were both registered Republicans two years ago when they formed what is now known as Yes California, a homegrown separatist movement. At the time, the 30-year-old Marinelli, who grew up in upstate New York, had spent more years living in Russia than the Golden State.

And Evans, 39, briefly hosted conservative talk radio shows in his native Fresno. In an interview this past week, Evans wouldn’t say if he voted for Trump, but he insisted that he doesn’t fit the bill of a right-wing radio blowhard.

Is the separatist movement “home grown”? I am not so sure. On December 13, 2016, KQED’s The California Report delved deeper into those Marinelli ties to Russia:

On paper, the leader of the California secession movement lives in an apartment complex near San Diego’s Golden Hill neighborhood. But in reality, the Calexit campaign is being run by a 30-year-old who lives and works in a city on the edge of Siberia. Louis Marinelli heads the secessionist group Yes California. Following the election of Donald Trump to the presidency, the organization has gone from an unknown fringe group to one discussed seriously in mainstream media.

What has not been discussed as prominently is Marinelli’s deep ties to Russia. A former right-wing activist from Buffalo, New York, Marinelli first moved to Russia almost a decade ago. He studied at St. Petersburg State University, the alma mater of Russian President Vladimir Putin. He returned to the United States to campaign against LGBTQ rights as part of the National Organization for Marriage. Marinelli then returned to Russia. He would marry a Russian citizen, and the couple moved to San Diego, where Marinelli launched a political career based on a platform of California secession.

“I immigrated to California, and I consider myself to be a Californian,” Marinelli says from his apartment in Yekaterinburg, a city of about 1.4 million just east of the Ural Mountains and about 1,000 miles from Moscow.

That brings us to Moscow itself.
On December 18, 2018, Russia Today, a media outlet controlled by the Kremlin, reported that “a campaign calling for the independence of California from the United States has opened an ‘embassy’ in Moscow. The movement, Yes California, is hoping for a ‘Calexit’ break from the US. Speaking at a press conference on Sunday, Louis Marinelli, leader of the movement, said the embassy will not deal with diplomatic issues, but will act as more of a cultural center that will educate Russians about California's history, boost trade ties and promote tourism.”
How does a fledgling secession movement with little grassroots support afford a Moscow “embassy”? Snopes says a group funded by the Kremlin is letting them use the space for free.
Over the weekend, Marinelli gave a television interview to MSNBC host Alex Witt. “Do you think people might grow skeptical and concerned that this movement is just part of a bigger strategy by the Kremlin to destabilize the West?” she asked.
“Sure, we believe that’s certainly a reasonable skepticism for people to have,” Marinelli said, “but the truth of the matter is that the American government has for a long time tried to rally the American public against Russia no matter what the issue is.”
That wasn’t quite a denial, was it?
“There’s always some kind of common enemy that the American government tries to align our people against and usually that enemy is Russia. So it’s kind of nonsense in my opinion,” he added. “The truth of the matter is that our embassy in Russia is a people’s embassy. It’s a cultural center. We’re going to have an important exhibit there exhibiting the history of California civil rights. And we’re going to be using our California embassy here in Moscow as a platform to demonstrate to the people of Russia our values in California and the story of our history and our culture.”
The odds are against California voting to cleve itself from the United States. “The measure would ask voters to remove a reference in the state’s Constitution to California as an inseparable part of the U.S., and set a second vote, for March 2019, that would ask, ‘Should California become a free, sovereign and independent country?’” The New York Times notes. “But backers need to collect 585,407 valid signatures, a daunting task.”
The odds against the United States permitting the Golden State to exit are even longer.
The secession movement is nevertheless worth watching in a world where Britain is parting ways with the European Union, Trump is the president of the United States, and Vladimir Putin’s Russia would love nothing more than to sow chaos in America’s largest state, regardless of whether the Kremlin is already involved or not.
“People who know the Russian political playbook say winking at these fringe movements—and even giving them a boost—is a part of a very real strategy,” Politico writes. “Not only is this a way of puffing Russia’s domestic claims at turmoil in the U.S., but it fits firmly within the Kremlin’s modus operandi of cultivating fringe groups in the West—most especially those who would fracture the United States in a reprise of the Soviet Union’s demise, over a quarter-century later.” If nothing else, Californians should think long and hard before signing that petition. It may turn out that there are multiple levels of mischief nested inside of it.



ARTICLE
President Trump will deliver his first address to a joint session of Congress. In his speech, which is scheduled to begin shortly after 9 p.m., Trump is expected to discuss Obamacare repeal, his budget demands, and, potentially, immigration-reform legislation. In an interview on Fox and Friends, Trump said he would give himself a good grade for what his administration has achieved so far, but a “C or a C+” for messaging. The FBI said it is investigating last week’s shooting of two Indian men in a Kansas bar as a hate crime. Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner said a manhunt is underway after two police officers were shot responding to a burglary.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Who Is Steve Beshear?: Democratic party officials say the former governor is responsible for the Affordable Care Act’s great success in Kentucky. That, along with Beshear’s “red-state credentials,” makes him the best choice to deliver the Democratic response to President Trump’s address on Tuesday night. (Alex Roarty, McClatchy)
An Hour With RBG’s Personal Trainer: How does the Supreme Court’s oldest—“and perhaps the most liberal”—justice, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, stay fit? Follow along as Politico’s Ben Schreckinger struggles through the 83-year-old’s regular workout.
Two Worlds Colliding: Freedom of religion and freedom from discrimination appear to be at odds in U.S. legislatures and courts. While some conservatives argue for the right to oppose same-sex marriage, LGBT advocates argue this opposition fosters discrimination. Tom Gjelten discusses the heart of this debate and how it’s unfolding. (NPR)
The Roundup: The arrest of more than 680 people by Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents was “a coordinated operation planned before Trump’s inauguration, but carried out by agents confident they have a broadened mandate under the new president,” argues Julia Preston. The action revealed the wide scope of Trump’s immigration crackdown. (The Marshall Project)
Trump’s Big Night: Republicans “are desperate for the president to step in and provide some measure of guidance” on their stagnant agenda when he addresses a joint session of Congress for the first time on Tuesday. Given Trump’s history of contradicting traditional GOP platforms, will he say what the party wants to hear? (Abigail Tracy, Vanity Fair)
 
99 Problems: Since 1935, the Gallup polling organization has asked Americans about the “most important problem” facing the country. These graphs show how the responses have changed over time. (Gregor Aisch and Alicia Parlapiano, The New York Times)
President Trump is expected to introduce a federal-budget proposal next month that significantly increases defense spending, while slashing funds on most other programs, including cuts at the Environmental Protection Agency and for foreign aid. If you were in charge of the country’s budget, and you had extra funds to allocate wherever you wished, what agency or program would you prioritize—and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
When President Trump stands to deliver his first address to Congress Tuesday night, he will lay out a fiscal agenda that upends key planks of conservative orthodoxy and openly defies the die-hard budget hawks in his own party.
But don’t expect to hear a peep of opposition from Republicans.
The proposed budget Trump is expected to outline in his speech would considerably increase defense spending, slash funding for other domestic programs, and—most significantly—leave entitlement programs entirely untouched. The president’s aversion to cutting Social Security and Medicare is nothing new, of  course—he was campaigning against the idea long before he ever formally launched a campaign—but it does represent one of the most yawning ideological divides within the Republican Party today.
For years, conservative budget hawks, led by House Speaker Paul Ryan, have argued fiercely that reducing the federal budget deficit without raising taxes would require a substantial restructuring of the government’s two most costly entitlement programs. Refusing to address the problem head on, they have often said, represented a reckless abdication of responsibility on the part of elected officials.
Given the clear battle lines and high stakes, Trump’s speech tonight has all the makings of a potential flashpoint in the GOP civil war—but so far, at least, there are few signs of conservative resistance.
Instead, party leaders on Capitol Hill gathered Tuesday morning for a rah-rah press conference, where they signaled nothing but unabashed support for Trump’s agenda. Ryan kicked things off with some brief, upbeat remarks celebrating this “once-in-a-generation moment” in which Republicans were finally positioned to “tackle big problems” head on—ticking off several targets, including taxes, border security, federal regulations, and health care.
When a reporter asked Ryan if he was “giving up the dream” of so-called entitlement reform, he responded, “I never give up a dream. I’m a Green Bay Packer fan!” Pressed for a non-joke answer, he said simply that repealing Obamacare would be a kind of entitlement reform, and then promptly ended the press conference.
Why are budget hawks so willing to give the president a pass? One reason is standard-issue partisan pragmatism.
“Trump has zero interest in entitlement reform and he never will,” a senior Congressional Republican aide told me. And while some conservatives may gripe that Trump hasn’t clearly shown how he plans to pay for his proposed $54 billion increase to the defense budget, the aide said, “Borrowed defense spending is straight out of the Reagan playbook. It’s the 1980s all over again. Republicans will love it.”
What’s more, most GOP lawmakers are unwilling to take the political risk of proactively championing changes to major entitlement programs if they think their ever-tweeting president could turn on them.
“These efforts are going to require a partnership from both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue,” said Doug Heye, a Republicans strategist who served as deputy chief of staff to former House Majority Leader Eric Cantor. “Members certainly don’t want to get too far out there if the administration is going to come back and say, ‘We’re not gonna do that,’ or, ‘We’re not interested in that issue at all’...They run the risk of a rebuke or a walkaway from the president.”
Some conservatives are holding out hope that the Ryan wing of the GOP can eventually bring Trump around if they continue to play nice for now. But Douglas Elmendorf, the former director of the Congressional Budget Office and current dean of Harvard’s Kennedy School of Government, was bearish on any prospect of turning Trump into a serious budget hawk.
“People object to government spending in the abstract, but they like a lot of aspects of that spending—especially Social Security and Medicare, the programs that are growing most rapidly,” said Elmendorf. “And Donald Trump was elected in part because he promised not to cut those popular programs.”
In this sense, he said, fiscal conservatives’ biggest challenge isn’t the president, but the general unpopularity of their proposals. “Trump may look like the obstacle, but it’s just because he’s brought to the fore the underlying political challenge.”
Elmendorf said the generation of self-styled budget hawks that emerged in Congress during the Obama presidency can be separated into two categories: opportunistic partisans and true believers. That reality could be highlighted in the way conservatives respond to the agenda Trump lays out tonight.
“Many Republicans who describe themselves as deficit hawks weren’t really that worried about budget deficits,” Elmendorf said. “Because now that they’re able to do something about it, they’re not.”



ARTICLE
This story was updated on Wednesday, March 1 at 10:23 a.m.
Last Wednesday evening, a couple of regulars were drinking al fresco at Austins Bar and Grill, in Olathe, on the southwestern, Kansan outskirts of Kansas City. Some of the wait staff were said to know Srinivas Kuchibhotla and Alok Madasani as “the Jameson guys.” By the end of the night, one was dead, and the other wounded. I wrote a book about a similar crime that took place a decade and a half ago, in Texas. And I learned along the way that understanding a tragedy like the one in Kansas requires looking at the broader context of hate and fear in which it took place, and at their enablers.
Kuchibhotla and Madasani were Indian immigrants who worked at Garmin, the company behind the GPS technology that has helped to bind the world; it was founded in Kansas by a white American and a Taiwanese immigrant and is now based in Switzerland. Olathe, today a suburb popular with Indians, was incorporated in 1857 by a Virginia transplant who tended to the local Shawnee Indians—the other kind of “Indians”—as their doctor, and who was also a militantly pro-slavery man who served the Confederacy as a surgeon in the Civil War—yet not before deferring to the Shawnees and naming the town after their term for “beautiful.”
America, too, is beautiful in these layers and complexities and comings and goings; and some people don’t like that. On that Wednesday night, the Jameson guys began to be harassed by one of those self-appointed guardians of a simpler, purer country that never was. A white man named Adam W. Purinton wanted to know where they came from. Witnesses said the former Navy man was shouting racial slurs at the Jameson guys. Although reports suggested that Purinton was in bad shape lately—rattled by the death of his father, drifting from gig to fleeting gig, regularly drunk before noon—there is reason to believe that he was keeping up with the news. “He asked us what visa are we currently on and whether we are staying here illegally,” Madasani told The New York Times.
Purinton was kicked out of Austins for his racist harassment; he stormed back a short while later, angrier than before, armed and animated with purificatory purpose, adorned with (possibly fake) military medals, and screamed “get out of my country” before spraying the men with bullets. Madasani was wounded; Kuchibhotla was killed. Purinton was later arrested at an Applebee’s, where he reportedly spoke of having gone after Middle Easterners.
President Trump has found time to condemn multiple different episodes of “Saturday Night Live,” an individual movie actor, a local union leader in Indiana, a range of news outlets, and military contractors he fears are fleecing the United States. He has taken the time to condemn a terrible thing that never happened in Sweden. But he waited six days to condemn the terrorism in Kansas; and when he did, in his address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday night, he insisted that “we are a country that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all its forms.” But we are not such a country, not least because of him.
Before the speech, I had a revealing exchange with the White House press office. I reached out by email, phone, and Twitter during the day on Tuesday, to ask if there was “any aspect of Purinton’s motivations or deeds that he disavows,” in light of “the resonance that many have already pointed out between his ideas and some of what this president has proposed.” No answer for ten-and-a-half hours. I received confirmation by phone that my email had been received, but the opportunity to condemn Purinton was, evidently, not one the White House wanted to seize. Then, shortly after this piece appeared online in its original incarnation, I received a statement from a spokeswoman named Lindsay Walters: “The President condemns all acts of violence against the American people.” This sounded pleasant, but was in fact remarkable: Asked to condemn an attack on two foreigners targeted for their perceived foreignness, the White House chose to condemn violence against “the American people.”
When Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, was asked on Friday about the shooting in Kansas and whether Trump’s rhetoric could have contributed to that or other violence, he said: “Obviously, any loss of life is tragic, but I’m not going to get into, like, to suggest that there’s any correlation I think is a bit absurd.”
But the correlation is not absurd. Untangling the motives of any individual who commits an act of violence is hard; but in aggregate, crimes form patterns, and become predictable. I cannot claim to know the president’s intentions, but I do know that he is saying and doing things that will reliably lead to people dying. Unfortunately, I am in a position to explain why. I wish I did not have to.
In mid-September 2001, a Dallas man named Mark Stroman was reeling from the attacks on his country. He was nursing many of the things that would later show up in Purinton: a dangerous relationship with intoxicants, family pain, drift in his work life, and grandiose visions about doing for his country what his country was not man enough to do for itself. Stroman went on to shoot three South Asian immigrants working at three different Dallas mini-marts, two of whom died. I ended up reporting on the case and writing a book about Stroman and his surviving victim, a Bangladeshi immigrant who later forgave him and fought to save him from execution in the name of Islam and its teachings about mercy.
I learned many things about Stroman from my reporting—reviewing thousands of pages of court files, interviewing his friends and associates, meeting his daughters and ex-wife, reading his words in letters and blog posts from Death Row. Among my discoveries was that a self-proclaimed “American terrorist” like Stroman could not, in any honest sense, be said to have acted alone. An act such as his could only be understood as dependent on concentric circles of enablement, including from people who would find his writings and actions abhorrent. Stroman depended on ideas and language he borrowed, and often literally plagiarized, from his social betters in the media and politics: ideas and language that gave his raw, shapeless emotions a sense of purpose and a narrative.
Stroman was known to have obsessively consumed television news after 9/11, watching replay-after-slo-mo-replay of the planes hitting the towers. The news would soon spit out a new term, “enemy combatants,” to label people being rounded up in a new Global War on Terror. This new category justified torture and other inhumane treatment that would otherwise be illegal under the Geneva Conventions. The government’s phrase seemed to inspire Stroman’s self-justifying moniker for himself: he was an “allied combatant”—a patriotic, white-hat version of the man who fights for his people, but from the outside. If they can do it, why not I? 
The country was also being bombarded at the time with President George W. Bush’s dubious and self-serving framing that America was being attacked because of its freedoms. The U.S. Capitol’s dining hall began serving Freedom Fries. And, sure enough, soon thereafter, in his manifesto accounting for his crimes, Stroman bemoaned America’s being “under siege at home, because we are the land of freedom.” The manifesto repeatedly made the case that foreign people who had hurt and humiliated Americans deserved to “feel the same sense of insecurity about their immediate surroundings.” After I published the manifesto in the book, more than one person pointed out that that argumentative structure eerily echoed that found in the fatwas of Osama bin Laden that had also been very much in the news. It was as if Stroman was inhaling every single grand pronouncement whizzing past him. Meanwhile, the Bush administration was making a highly public case that what might have been answered as a massive criminal deed was, in fact, an opening salvo in what would come to be called a “forever war.” That self-serving idea from high up also made it into Stroman’s self-justifying rants about his own murders: “This was not done during peace time but at war time.”
Sometimes these ideas didn’t merely influence Stroman; sometimes he actively plagiarized them. When I was polishing the book, I discovered that certain handwritten manifestos that Stroman signed as if his own were really written by others. When he wrote that “I believe the money I make belongs to me and my family not some midlevel governmental functionary,” or that “if you are an American citizen, you should speak English,” or that “our soldiers did not go to some foreign country and risk their lives in vain and defend our constitution so that decades later you can tell me it’s a living document, ever-changing, and is open to interpretation”—when he wrote such things in his curly penmanship or on his transparent prison typewriter, he was stealing verbatim from leaders, intellectual and political and otherwise, to give his vague anger some shape.
Stroman needed the bridge of these ideas to cross over from his private angst to his new career as an American terrorist. He did not have the wherewithal to cross that bridge alone. The country’s leadership class lent him theirs, one phrase and argument at a time.
What is so distressing about the present moment, when compared to that after 9/11, is that the circles of enablement back then had their limits. While Stroman did absorb plenty to justify his general sense of mission, he categorically did not receive, from the highest levels of American power, any support for his actual cause. President Bush, in fact, went out of his way to declare that “the enemy of America is not our many Muslim friends.”
Fast forward to the present, and you have a president of the United States who is explicitly on the record as saying, “Frankly, we’re having problems with the Muslims.” Of the Koran, Trump has said, with uncharacteristic humility, “I’m certainly not an expert, to put it mildly, but there’s something there that teaches some very negative vibe.” He has translated those feelings into a call for a ban on all Muslim immigration into the United States—which was later reinvented as a ban on travelers from seven mostly Muslim countries.
Part of being a leader is understanding how what you say will be used, how it will refract into other lives. Trump does not appear to understand how ideas like his trickle down into lives less gilded than his. These ideas—that there is a problem intrinsic to Islam, that all is not well with “the Muslims,” that America’s “open borders” are causing bad hombres and rapists and “illegals” without visas to steal its very sovereignty—these ideas spill from the lips of a tycoon like Trump. Perhaps they are nothing more than a political tactic for a man who has been happy to build hotels in the Muslim world and manufacture products in Mexico and China and socialize with international friends and wives. But they come into the heads of men like Stroman and Purinton, men who don’t have a lot going on, men who’ve been given to wondering whether they matter to this world, men who used to enjoy the perquisites of being white and male, especially when they had nothing else to hold on to, and who now feel those perquisites slipping away.
Men like Purinton might hear that “the illegals” are lurking everywhere, maybe even at a local bar on a Wednesday night, which at Austins in Olathe was chicken-fried-steak night. Or perhaps they hear that America’s intelligence agencies aren’t doing their jobs, and that the president, according to the president, knows more than the generals, and that America doesn’t know how to defend itself anymore. And some slender fraction of these men, attaching themselves to the great themes and language they hear, will turn to violence—perhaps even feeling that they are following the president’s example from his take-matters-into-your-own-hands rhetoric toward protestors at campaign rallies: “I’d like to punch him in the face.” A man who hears such things and is inspired by the language and themes and ideas all around him might, like a wannabe ICE agent, ask some brown guys about visas. He might tell them to go back to their country. He might decide that they have to die.
Trump admirably saw, and built his campaign around the insight, that millions of Americans have felt punched-down-upon for a generation. Some of that feeling was mixed with bigotry, along the lines of the saying that equality, when it hits the privileged as a headwind, can feel like oppression. But a lot of that feeling was very real, thanks to all the jobs that went away and all the downsizing and private-equity squeezing and pension raiding and hedge-funder tax cutting and foreclosing. It is a fact of the traditional, and not alternative, kind that, even as the American economy doubled in size since the 1970s, 117 million adults in the bottom half of that economy have been “completely shut off from economic growth,” with nearly 70 percent of new income going to the top tenth of the population, according to a recent paper by the economists Thomas Piketty, Emmanuel Saez, and Gabriel Zucman.
For a few decades now, Americans have been reared on the lie that the market dogmas of free trade and deregulation and government cutbacks, often subsumed under the term “globalization,” were a win-win for all. Another recent paper, by the economists David Autor, David Dorn, and Gordon Hanson, focusing on just one aspect of what was actually going on, the effect on local U.S. communities of increased trade with China, found that, contrary to the claims of American elites on both the center-left and center-right, the costs were devastating, yielding:

a fall in both male and female employment; a reduction in men’s relative earnings, particularly at the lower tail of the earnings distribution; an increase in the rate of male mortality from risky and unhealthful behaviors; a reduction in the net availability of marriage-age males in affected labor markets; a reduction in the fraction of young adults entering marriage; a fall in fertility accompanied by a rise in the fraction of births to teen and unmarried mothers; and a sharp jump in the fraction of children living in impoverished and, to a lesser degree, single-headed households.

It was Trump’s genuine achievement somehow, despite his remove from ordinary people and reality itself, to tap into the pain and anxiety wrought by trade and other global and technological forces, and to do so in a way that few others even tried. The China paper is a reminder that there was probably a great deal more unrest and trauma and fear and resentment out there than American elites were willing to admit, in part because they were benefiting from the very forces that others were experiencing as a beat-down.
The tragedy of Trump is that, somewhere down the line, he resolved to answer these emotions, in which earned pain sometimes mixed with simple bigotry, by diverting blame from those who caused the pain to those who didn’t but were convenient receptacles for bigotry. He decided to help those who felt punched-down-upon, not by making meaningful changes in the policies that punched them, but by giving them the satisfaction of punching down at others—and, in some sense, by saying nothing when one of them takes it a little too far by killing an Indian. The consolation prize for the generation-long losses experienced and/or perceived by his base—which skewed male, white, older, less-mobile and less-educated—was a new freedom to resent black, brown, Muslim, and immigrant communities.
In other words, the least vulnerable Americans betrayed the middlingly vulnerable, and Trump’s answer was a war against the most vulnerable. The Goldman Sachs guy cost the Scranton guy his house and his hours, and the most marginal communities of color and faith were made the scapegoats. Trump went on to hire several of the Goldman guys—and one Goldman woman.
The president, then, is not only an enabler of hatreds. What he is enabling is actually central to his political appeal. He needs his supporters to believe that black and brown people and immigrants and Muslims are their real enemy. He needs this, because if they were to stop believing this, they might well turn on people like him. There may be nothing more important to him, politically, than to make sure that the pain and vulnerability felt by certain downwardly mobile white men never joins up with the different but no less real pain and vulnerability of all those who are not such men. But for those of all backgrounds who feel that vulnerability in this age, it may be more essential than ever to connect those different forms of pain, as hard as that is to do in a time like this.




ARTICLE
Just over a month ago, Donald Trump thundered into the White House with a bold declaration. “We will no longer accept politicians who are all talk and no action, constantly complaining, but never doing anything about it,” he said. Instead, he contended, “Now arrives the hour of action.”
Trump promised to steamroll the Washington status quo, disrupting both Republicans and Democrats. He would replace the elite consensus of both parties with a new, populist-nationalist philosophy, and bully Congress into submission.
One month in, Trump has certainly succeeded in kicking up a frenzy of news and controversy. It surrounds him at all times, like the cloud of dust around Pig-Pen in Peanuts. But when it comes to taming Washington, the results are decidedly mixed. Instead, it is the Republican Party—in the form of Congress and conservative institutions—that seems mostly to be in charge, and Trump who is being tamed.
The things Trump has succeeded in doing have largely been things Republicans already wanted before he came along: naming a strongly conservative Cabinet and Supreme Court nominee. At the points where Trump’s platform clashed with GOP elites—trade, immigration, and foreign policy—he has softened or been rebuked.
On the big-ticket items he vowed to force through—health-care and tax reform—he has found himself at the mercy of the usual slow-moving, politically balky congressional processes. And on economic policy, it is not at all clear the GOP will go along with Trump’s calls for building infrastructure and preserving entitlements, particularly if these priorities come at the cost of balanced budgets.
Meanwhile, much of Trump’s attention has been consumed with trash-talking tweets, complaints about his treatment by the press, and executive orders that do little to move policy. Beyond all that bluster, who’s really in charge? Here’s a breakdown of some major policy areas:
A Conservative-Pleasing Cabinet: The “deconstruction of the administrative state,” as Trump’s strategist, Steve Bannon, put it at the Conservative Political Action Conference last week, is underway via Trump’s executive branch. Agency heads like Scott Pruitt, at the Environmental Protection Agency, and Betsy DeVos, at the Department of Education, seem inclined to dismantle the departments they’ve been tapped to lead. This leaves liberals aghast, but to conservatives, it is a feature, not a bug. They are glad to see Trump dialing back a federal bureaucracy that, in the Obama era, exceeded its legislative mandates to accomplish through regulation what it couldn’t get through Congress, like curtailing carbon emissions.
The Republican Establishment’s Dream Supreme Court Pick: To replace the late Antonin Scalia, Trump named Neil Gorsuch, a federal judge with impeccable credentials, an Ivy League pedigree, and membership in the Federalist Society. Gorsuch’s nomination gladdened the most Trump-skeptical conservatives, especially the evangelical Christians who held their noses and voted for Trump because the Supreme Court hung in the balance. And it vindicated Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s strategy of refusing to consider Obama’s nominee, Merrick Garland.
No Real Shift in Trade Policy: Trump’s campaign-trail opposition to major trade deals was a significant departure from conservative dogma. One of his first actions was to pull the United States out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership. But that was a purely symbolic action, as Congress had never ratified the deal and members of both parties had soured on it. Trump has not pulled the U.S. out of the North American Free Trade Agreement or imposed tariffs on imports. When he briefly floated a 20 percent Mexican-import tax, Republicans swiftly condemned it, and his administration quickly disowned the idea. Congressional Republicans have been working on a border-adjustment tax proposal that they say would accomplish something similar, but Trump has yet to get firmly behind it—and it, too, appears to be on the rocks due to opposition from business.
Immigration Actions Less Than Meets the Eye: Trump’s hard line against immigration broke with the GOP’s business wing. His administration has intimidated the undocumented with deportations and raids that have created a climate of fear. But the actual number of deportations is small. Meanwhile, Trump has yet to roll back Obama’s protections for the young immigrant “Dreamers,” frustrating some immigration hawks. He has ordered the Mexican border wall be built, but Congress has yet to fund it, and Mexico is still refusing to pay for it.
A Muslim Ban Dialed Back: Despite promising in no uncertain terms to temporarily ban all Muslim immigrants, an arguably constitutional measure, Trump instead ordered a rushed and ham-handed ban on travelers from certain Muslim countries. When the ban was shot down by the courts, Trump rescinded it, and the refined ban that was supposed to replace it has been delayed, in part because his own intelligence community won’t supply evidence for it. Meanwhile, Trump’s new national-security adviser, H.R. McMaster, dislikes the term “radical Islamic terrorism.”
Foreign Policy Outrages Subside: Trump’s supposed willingness to challenge stale foreign-policy orthodoxies has mostly been tempered. When his December call to Taiwan defied the U.S.’s long-held one-China policy, his aides insisted the policy was overdue for reconsideration. This month, Trump backed down and reaffirmed the one-China policy. Campaign-trail Trump made a lot of noise about questioning America’s commitment to NATO, and some experts agreed. But as president, he has given assurances to the alliance: He told British Prime Minister Theresa May he was “100 percent behind” it, and Vice President Mike Pence pledged the U.S.’s “unwavering” commitment. On Israel, Trump rattled the longstanding consensus by questioning the two-state solution—only to have United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley call that an “error.” Even the Russians who once cheered Trump’s friendliness now see him bending against Vladimir Putin, and there has been no move to roll back sanctions.
A Health-Care Policy at the Mercy of Congress: Trump’s day-one order on Obamacare decreed the administration’s opposition without actually accomplishing any meaningful rollback of the law. He has confused Republicans in Congress by seeming to want to preserve some parts of his predecessor’s signature health-care overhaul even as he demanded they repeal and replace it in short order. Trump has shown little appetite for wading into the details of Republicans’ debates on the issue, and on Monday, he told a group of CEOs at the White House, “It's an unbelievably complex subject. Nobody knew health care could be so complicated.”
Tax Reform Flailing in Congress: Lowering tax rates and simplifying the tax code has been a longtime GOP talking point—but in practice, it always proves impossible to slaughter the sacred cows of the many competing special interests. Of all the policy areas that could benefit from a fearless negotiator willing to bang heads together and infuriate big-money lobbies, tax reform is number one. But as noted above, Trump appears leery of the border-adjustment tax at the center of the House Republican proposal. White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus recently told the Associated Press the administration was “discussing and debating” what to do on taxes.
Infrastructure Shelved by Congressional GOP: A major pillar of Trump’s departure from GOP orthodoxy was his supposed intent to propose a trillion dollars in government spending to, as he put it in his inaugural address, “build new roads and highways and bridges and airports and tunnels and railways all across our wonderful nation.” Democrats agreed that this would be a great way to accomplish Trump’s goals of rebuilding hollowed-out inner cities and small towns. But Republican leaders have made clear such a plan is not on their agenda anytime soon. Trump appears not to have noticed.
Budget Blueprints Left at Odds: The blueprint Trump released Monday hewed to Trump’s promise not to touch Social Security and Medicare while pumping money into the military. It runs contrary to the long-held priorities of House Speaker Paul Ryan, who wants to reform entitlements and balance the budget. It would require lawmakers to gut domestic spending while lifting spending caps, two difficult political pills to swallow. And Democrats are already arguing that Trump’s agenda of corporate tax cuts and safety-net-slashing is more pro-Wall Street than pro-worker.
Governing is hard, and every new president faces a learning curve and procedural hurdles. Obama, Trump’s predecessor, also swept into office with big promises and, despite majorities in Congress, took more than a year to enact health-care reform and financial regulation.
But much of Trump’s appeal was that, as a businessman and artist of The Deal, he could cut through the dithering and gridlock and partisan bickering. Instead, in his first month, Trump has mostly been the loser in his battles against entrenched institutions. Rather than bend Washington to his will, Trump has, in his first month, mainly bent his priorities to the will of Republicans in Washington.



ARTICLE
Political protests are often designed to provoke a response from elected officials. But in some states, the reaction from state legislators is turning hostile.
A wave of bills aimed at curtailing protests and demonstrations has started to make its way through state legislatures across the country. A Washington Post analysis found at least 18 states where Republican legislators have either proposed legislation that targets certain protest tactics, sought to increase penalties for illegal protests under existing law, or publicly discussed pursuing such measures.
The proposed measures come amid a revival of disruptive protests. High-profile police shootings led the Black Lives Matter movement to hold dozens of rallies in cities across the country over the past three years. Thousands of Native American activists gathered at Standing Rock, North Dakota, over the past year to protest the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline near Sioux lands. (The Obama administration briefly halted construction in response to those protests; the Trump administration reversed that decision last month.) And crowd-size experts estimated last month that the Women’s March on Washington and associated anti-Trump protests nationwide drew between 3.3 million and 4.6 million participants.
Some of the protest-related legislation has stalled in its early stages after public scrutiny. But other proposals, especially those in Republican-dominated state governments, could face an easier road to passage. The Arizona Senate approved one such bill in a party-line 17-13 vote last Wednesday. Senate Bill 1142 makes two key changes to state criminal laws: First, it expands the definition of rioting to include “damage to the property of another person.” Second, it adds rioting to the list of offenses that could fall under racketeering.
State Democratic legislators warned that SB1142’s provisions could theoretically be used in tandem to bring charges against peaceful protesters at a demonstration where other participants use violence. “I’m fearful that ‘riot’ is in the eyes of the beholder and that this bill will apply more strictly to minorities and people trying to have their voice heard,” State Senator Andrea Dalessandro told the Arizona Capitol Times last week.
Their Republican counterparts disputed those claims, with State Senator John Kavanaugh telling the Capitol Times that it was aimed at “full-time, almost professional agent-provocateurs [sic] that attempt to create public disorder.” He also indicated the bill’s racketeering provisions could be used by police to investigate protest organizers ahead of time. On Monday, the Republican speaker of the Arizona House said he wouldn’t hear the measure, effectively killing the bill.
Arizona’s SB1142 isn’t the only piece of legislation in statehouses targeting recent tactics. One popular act of civil disobedience used by both Standing Rock protesters and Black Lives Matter demonstrators is blocking highway traffic. But the tactic also drew criticism from conservative lawmakers who say it endangers lives. In North Dakota, the state House considered a bill that would shift the liability burden from drivers who unintentionally hit protesters with their cars to the protesters themselves.
“This bill puts the onus on somebody who's made a conscious decision to put themselves in harm's way,” Representative Keith Kempenitch, a Republican and the bill’s sponsor, told the Star-Tribune in January. “You can protest all you want, but you can't protest up on a roadway. It's dangerous for everybody.”
While the bill eventually failed on a 50-41 vote, legislators are mulling similar bills elsewhere. Tennessee lawmakers introduced their own civil-liability bill in February. After a group of protesters blocked traffic on Interstate 94 in St. Paul, Minnesota, last year to protest the death of Philando Castile, state legislators drafted a bill in January that could send future demonstrators to jail for a year for obstructing highways. Iowa’s Senate File 111 would make blocking highways a felony offense with a possible five-year prison sentence.
In Washington, a version of the highway-protest bills came in response to environmentalist-led demonstrations that had targeted the oil industry. State Senator Doug Ericksen introduced Senate Bill 5009, also titled the Preventing Economic Disruption Act. It allows prosecutors to seek longer sentences against defendants who commit crimes that cause “economic disruption,” which it defines as obstructing commercial vehicles or interfering with pipelines or oil-related facilities. Misdemeanor offenses are eligible for two to six months of additional time behind bars, while felony convictions could include an additional year in prison.
Ericksen, who also served as communications director for the Trump administration’s Environmental Protection Agency transition team, compared the bill to a federal law that bars protesters from blocking access to reproductive-health clinics. “We know that groups are planning to disrupt our economy by conflating the right to protest with illegal activities that harm the rights of others,” he said in a statement in December. “We need this legislation to protect the rights of all citizens.” The bill is currently pending in subcommittee.
It’s not certain how many of these proposed bills will make it into law. Some, like North Dakota’s civil-liability bill and a Virginia measure that would have ramped up criminal penalties for being at an illegal protest, have already gone down to defeat after facing public opposition. And some of the bills that pass could still face tough scrutiny in the courts. But the proposals as a whole point to a more enduring dynamic: As mass protests return to the political zeitgeist, so too will efforts to clamp down on them.



ARTICLE
The devil’s always in the details, but if the details of a new 100-page leaked draft of a House Republican plan to repeal Obamacare are too dense to parse, here’s a brief snapshot: Millions of people in rural areas where it’s already hardest to find doctors might no longer be able to afford health insurance in a few years.
The basics of that plan, which was unveiled by House Speaker Paul Ryan two weeks ago, and the rough shape of which has the support of new health secretary Tom Price and the Trump administration, are known. The plan removes the individual and employer mandates to purchase and provide insurance, respectively, and it would also repeal most of the taxes that fund Obamacare. It would roll back funding for the Affordable Care Act’s Medicaid expansion and dramatically restructure the Medicaid program’s funding. Further, the plan would replace the Affordable Care Act’s cost-sharing subsidies and premium tax credits with an age-rated tax credit, all while keeping Obamacare’s popular pre-existing conditions ban.
With the leaked draft legislation released by Politico last week, there are more details as to exactly how House Republicans and the Trump administration plan to repeal Obamacare and usher in a replacement. The draft specifies that Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion for low-income able-bodied adults won’t be completely eliminated, but the eligibility and funding will be rolled back after 2020. The draft also contains a provision changing federal funding for Medicaid in 2020 onward from an open-ended obligation to a system where the per-person spending every year is capped based on spending levels in 2019 and increased annually to correspond with medical inflation.
Although the draft plan repeals the tax-based individual mandate, it re-establishes a kind of mandate through its incentive to maintain continuous health-insurance coverage. For people not covered by employers or public insurance who have to purchase insurance on individual, small group, or exchange markets, this proposal would allow insurers to charge up to 30 percent more in premiums to people who go without coverage at any point for more than two months, and also for young adults who don’t enroll in coverage as soon as they age out of their parents’ plans, a surcharge that would not be remitted as taxes to sustain the system, but would be paid as profits to insurers. The effects of this potential measure on individuals’ pockets are potentially limited by a reduction of federal oversight over what can be considered health-insurance coverage, which would allow people to avoid penalties by purchasing barebones coverage.
After reforming Medicaid, repealing the taxes and mandates of Obamacare and establishing continuous-coverage requirements, the last major reform of this preliminary scheme is to replace the cost-sharing reductions and premium tax credit subsidies of Obamacare’s exchanges with a refundable tax credit. Unlike the Obamacare tax credit, which is adjusted by income, age, and the average price of insurance in a person’s market, this new credit would only take age into account, starting with $2,000 per year up to age 30 and capping at $4,000 for people over 60. So while older people with more health needs receive more than “young invincibles,” lower-income people who tend to have more pressing health needs would have even less ability to take care of those needs given their existing ability to pay.
The result of all these provisions would almost certainly be a system that benefits people who already have wealth and health and penalizes others, but there would also be very strong geographic effects. For one, pegging Medicaid spending to a base year would reduce states’ ability to ramp up health-care spending because of disasters or emerging health problems, and these problems already exert the most pressures on states and areas with infrastructure that is ill-equipped to combat them. Rural residents already rely much more heavily on public insurance than do city-dwellers, so any reductions of funding and funding flexibility will have a larger effect on the health issues they face.
Those health issues are serious, and contribute to much of the climbing mortality among middle and lower class white Americans today. The opioid epidemic is ravaging rural America, as are the creeping effects of environmental degradation and climate change. People like coal miners in Trump country in Kentucky and West Virginia are on the frontiers of several developing health crises, and per-capita spending caps on Medicaid would only further limit their states’ ability to respond.
The tax-credit structure in the Republican draft plan might be even more damaging than the Medicaid changes to those underserved and rural areas. The existing Obamacare tax credits are not only adjusted by family income, but also by the actual cost of health-care plans in a given market. That geographic adjustment is one of the most important parts of the basic logic of Obamacare, since health-care costs vary quite a bit from place to place.
In the most extreme example, Alaskans in the Obamacare exchanges currently receive tax credits at rates double the average for the rest of the country, a number that reflects the scarcity of coverage in Alaska and the demands of covering a frontier population. The Republican proposal might knock all 16,000 of these Alaskans out of insurance markets.
A tax-credit plan that doesn’t account for the actual cost of a person’s health insurance might reasonably be expected to create areas where coverage is simply unaffordable, and not just in Alaska. Research indicates that health-insurance premiums are higher for rural counties and states, particularly towards the interior and western frontier of the country—prime Trump country. Those costs increase even as rural residents have less access to basic health care and worse overall health status than their metropolitan peers.
That disparity between costs and access for rural residents creates a conundrum for Republicans. By reducing state Medicaid financial flexibility, reducing oversight over minimum insurance requirements, instilling continuous coverage requirements, and removing regional costs offsets, their Obamacare replacement would in essence put health insurance even further out of reach for sicker, rural patients who need it more and then penalize them for being left out. These patients already suffer the effects of “health-care deserts” as rural hospital systems collapse and access to basic specialty services like maternal care wane. In addition to those health care and service deserts in rural areas, Republicans would be contributing to brand-new “coverage deserts.”
The result might be a national health-insurance system that does relatively well for so-called “coastal elites” with decent access to physicians and robust state public-health infrastructure, but rather badly for the denizens of Middle America that Trump and the GOP place at the center of their rhetoric. As more and more Republican congressmen in those places face hostile town halls about Obamacare and a real fear of losing coverage from constituents, this new policy outline doesn’t seem likely to alleviate those fears.




ARTICLE
President Trump reportedly wants to exclude Social Security and Medicare from budget cuts while severely retrenching other domestic federal functions. That represents a frontal challenge not only to congressional Democrats but also to Republican budget hawks led by House Speaker Paul Ryan.
From one direction, the administration’s emerging budget blueprint represents a clear generational tilt toward the “gray” over the “brown”: It would elevate the spending priorities of a preponderantly white-and Republican leaning-older population over the needs of heavily diverse, and mostly Democratic, younger generations. But the plan would also prioritize the demands of seniors over the long-running effort by Ryan-led House Republicans to restrain the long-term growth in entitlement spending––which almost all budget experts consider the key to controlling long-term federal deficits.
“If you want to solve the budget program, and you must, you have to look at those programs,” said Douglas Holtz-Eakin, president of the American Action Forum, a conservative thinktank, and former director of the Congressional Budget Office.
In both respects, the emerging budget proposal––like Trump’s bristling criticism of free trade, foreign alliances and even legal immigration––would mark another milestone in his drive to reconfigure the Republican Party as a nationalist and populist champion of blue-collar white voters, many of them older and less affluent.
“As the nation went through this very rapid demographic change the question has been would older white Americans would essentially withdraw from the public sphere and not fund a new generation who did not look like their kids,” said Simon Rosenberg, president of NDN, a Democratic advocacy group. “You are going to see that basic dynamic play out in a very significant way under Trump. What Trump is doing is creating a wall around older white Americans: he is being an isolationist both within the country and without. He is trying to create walls between older white Americans and the new Americans who surround them.”
While the administration won’t produce a full budget until mid-March, it has already sketched out the central pillars of its strategies: a defense spending increase of $54 billion, offsetting cuts in other domestic spending programs, a major tax cut and limited or no changes in Social Security and Medicare, which Trump pledged during the campaign to defend.
By so overtly favoring retirement spending over other domestic federal programs, Trump has underscored the generational competition for resources that, as I’ve written before, represents a central if often unacknowledged tension in budget debates. Most of the key federal investments in the productivity of future generations are made through discretionary programs, like those that support education, training and scientific research.
The federal government’s support for seniors, by contrast, mostly flows through the giant entitlement programs for the elderly, Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid (which finances long-term care for lower-income seniors). Several entitlement programs also provide substantial benefits to young people and their working-age parents: that list includes Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (formerly known as food stamps), Medicaid (which, in addition to benefiting the elderly, provides health care for low-income families), the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and more recently the Affordable Care Act.
Setting the spending levels for these programs poses stark racial and political choices. The younger population that benefits most directly from investments in the productivity of future generations is increasingly diverse: minorities comprise fully 47 percent of all Americans younger than 30, according to 2015 Census data. Whites comprise nearly four-fifths of today’s seniors and almost three-fourths of all Americans older than 45.
These contrasting groups anchor each party’s electoral coalition. Whites over 45 provided a majority of Trump’s votes last fall, and about three-fifths of House Republicans represent districts where the share of seniors exceeds the national average. Meanwhile Hillary Clinton relied on big margins among members of the Millennial Generation and minorities (even though she did not quite match Obama’s overwhelming advantages on either front.) About two-thirds of House Democrats represent districts with fewer seniors than average.
In the long run, the older white population needs more of the younger non-white population to obtain the skills to reach the middle-class––and pay the payroll taxes that support the federal retirement programs on which those graying whites depend: as I’ve argued before, there is no financial security for the gray without economic opportunity for the brown. But neither party has effectively made that case to the public, and attitudes about federal spending generally divide along generational and racial lines. Most older whites now oppose an activist government––with the prominent exception of the retirement programs that benefit them.
Briefing the press on Monday, Mick Mulvaney, Trump’s Office of Management and Budget director, didn’t nail the door  shut on ever seeking any reductions in the retirement programs for the elderly. But speaking a few minutes later, White House press secretary Sean Spicer made clear Trump remains deeply resistant to such changes. “I think the President has made very clear that … he wants to focus on the discretionary side; that entitlement reform is not––that, with respect to those programs that he mentioned [during the campaign], he stands by his word,” Spicer said.
If Trump’s budget follows the lines his aides have telegraphed, the Pentagon and those older whites would represent the clear winners––with the losers including both urban and younger Democratic constituencies and traditional Republican budget hawks. “He’s appealing to Republicans on defense, but fiscal discipline, whether entitlements or government spending, he’s saying ‘go to hell,’” said one Democratic mayor. “And to Democrats he’s saying ‘your constituents are going to pay for my defense buildup.’”
Partly because of shifting population and partly because of policy choices, federal spending has already steadily shifted from the young toward the old. In 1969, the Office of Management and Budget classified one-third of federal spending as investments in the future, and about one-third as payment to individuals. Since then payments to individuals––largely driven by the growth in the retirement programs for the elderly––have roughly doubled to over three-fifths of federal spending. Meanwhile, investments in the future now represent only about one-sixth of federal spending, half the level in 1969.
The repeated budget showdowns between Congressional Republicans and former President Obama tilted Washington’s fiscal priorities even further away from young people by largely exempting entitlement programs from reductions while imposing severe caps on discretionary spending. Though Congress and Obama repeatedly agreed to loosen the constraints, the weight of those caps has pushed down domestic discretionary spending to about 3 percent of gross domestic product, near its nadir since Washington began keeping such records in the early 1960s.
The Urban Institute has calculated that the federal government now spends about $6 per capita on seniors for every $1 it spends on kids. (Even including state and local spending, where most education dollars are committed, governments at all level spend about $2.3 per capita on seniors for every $1 they spend on kids.) Looking forward, the institute projects that programs aimed at kids will receive only 2 percent of the anticipated rise in federal spending over the next decade-and by the end of that period, in 2026, the portions of Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid that benefit adults will account for almost exactly half of the entire federal budget.
The budget priorities the Trump administration highlighted on Monday would generate even more pressure on programs that invest in the next generation. By matching a defense build up with offsetting cuts in domestic programs-at a time when non-defense discretionary spending is already at such an historic low ebb––the Trump budget is poised to strike sharply at the needs of Democratic constituencies, including cities, which would likely see severe proposed reductions in an array of federal programs.
Congressional Republicans will likely cheer both the determination to increase defense spending and to cut other domestic discretionary programs and entitlements focused on lower-income families like SNAP, to help pay for it. But budget hawks will be less enthused by Trump’s determination to exempt retirement programs for seniors from further reductions.
Since Republicans took control of the House in 2011, reducing spending on both Medicaid and Medicare has been the centerpiece of Ryan’s proposals to limit long-term federal spending. Trump has indicated his willingness to accept large reductions in Medicaid, which serves a dual constituency of older and low-income Americans. But the budget signals floated Monday continue the unmistakable resistance that Trump has radiated throughout his campaign to Ryan’s core idea of converting Medicare from an open-ended program that directly pays seniors’ medical bills into a premium support or voucher system that instead provides them a fixed sum of money to purchase private insurance. Polls have shown that idea faces enormous opposition from seniors across racial lines.
House Republicans included converting Medicare into a premium support system in “the better way” agenda that they published last summer. And in an interview last fall at The Atlantic’s Washington Ideas Forum, Ryan told me that he would continue to push the idea regardless of who won the presidency.
“If we blow another presidency and don't fix these entitlement problems and then get around to it after the boomers are well under retirement,” Ryan said, “it will be ugly reforms that pull the rug out from people after they’ve retired in order to stave off a debt crisis spurred by the bond markets.”
But Holtz-Eakin said White House opposition would doom any effort from House Republicans to restructure Medicare. “It is very hard to imagine,” he said. “A major tax reform, a major entitlement reform, you need White House leadership, you need air cover, they are all essential. Ryan’s first stop is to persuade the president that he was mistaken and a better route is to fix the social safety net for seniors.”
Similar tensions are emerging as Congressional Republicans and the Trump Administration try to reach agreement on how to revise or replace the Affordable Care Act. With research showing that  blue-collar whites have been the law’s principal beneficiaries in the key Rustbelt states that tipped the election to Trump, the administration has appeared more hesitant than Capitol Hill conservatives about withdrawing that coverage.
If Trump, in fact, prevents Congressional Republicans from targeting Medicare or Social Security (where even the House GOP has generally feared to tread), he will deny Democrats their most effective weapon in the fiscal fights between the parties dating back to Bill Clinton and Newt Gingrich: the argument that the GOP is endangering retirement programs for the elderly to cut taxes for the wealthy.
But, Rosenberg notes, the inevitability of widening deficits under the formula the Trump administration is floating-big defense increases, tax cuts, severe reductions in other domestic spending and no meaningful constraints on retirement programs-could leave Republicans very vulnerable to the argument that their plans would endanger the economy.
“Democrats have to respond with an economic argument, not just a fiscal argument––that this kind of policy they are pursuing will harm the American economy by driving up deficits and not investing in things we know will drive future growth,” he said. That argument might find its most receptive audience among the white-collar whites already expressing skepticism of Trump on other grounds.
By aiming so clearly at older and lower-income whites, while threatening younger minorities and potentially alienating more white-collar whites, Trump’s developing budget plan could reshape the budget arguments familiar for both sides since the 1990s—while accelerating the class and racial realignment of the two party coalitions already rumbling through his tumultuous term.



ARTICLE
President Trump will reportedly propose a federal budget that increases defense-related spending by $54 billion and cuts spending for other federal agencies. During a meeting with U.S. governors, Trump said his budget will put “America first” and stressed that health-care reform would come soon, adding that “nobody knew health care could be so complicated.” In an interview on NBC’s Today show, former President George W. Bush said “we all need answers” about the Trump team’s alleged contact with Russian intelligence officials and said that a free press is “indispensable to democracy.” Justice Department spokesman Mark Abueg said the administration will no longer argue that a Texas voter ID law was intended to discriminate against minorities. Trump will make his first address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday night.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.


A Bold Move: Republicans in Congress are divided on how to deal with the Affordable Care Act, so GOP leaders have settled on a new, risky strategy: Push through a repeal bill and dare centrist Republicans to oppose it. (Louise Radnofsky, Kristina Peterson, and Stephanie Armour, The Wall Street Journal)
Does Calling Congress Work?: In the first few weeks of Trump’s presidency, members of Congress have experienced an unusually high volume of constituent calls. Kathryn Schulz examines the effectiveness of “the pester technique” in representative government. (The New Yorker)
Facing the Consequences: This month, federal immigration agents arrested and detained Juan Carlos Hernandez Pacheco, a restaurant manager and pillar of a small, Trump-supporting city in Illinois. Monica Davey captures the town’s reaction to the possibility of his deportation. (The New York Times)
The ‘Pragmatic Populist’: Democrat Tom Perriello hopes to shake things up in Virginia by winning its 2017 gubernatorial race—an election he believes could be a referendum on Trump and also send a message to the state’s Democratic establishment, which has backed another candidate. (Mark Murray, NBC)
All Eyes on Trump: Among those watching Donald Trump’s address to Congress Tuesday are investors “relying on more than a year of campaign promises of a pro-growth agenda to push U.S. stocks to record highs.” They will be listening for specifics on how the president intends to follow through. (Liz McCormick and Dani Burger, Bloomberg)
 
Cause and Effect: In the week that President Trump’s refugee ban was instated, only 15 percent of the 843 refugees admitted into the country were Muslim. Check out these graphs to see the ban’s effect. (Audrey Carlsen, K.K. Rebecca Lai, and Adam Pearce, The New York Times)
President Trump is expected to introduce a federal-budget proposal next month that significantly increases defense spending, while slashing funds on most other programs, including cuts at the Environmental Protection Agency and for foreign aid. If you were in charge of the country’s budget, and you had extra funds to allocate wherever you wished, what agency or program would you prioritize—and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Tarek El-Messidi had been planning to leave Philadelphia to visit family on Sunday night. But when he heard that Mount Carmel Jewish Cemetery had been desecrated, he cancelled his flight. El-Messidi is Muslim, but he felt it was important to be with his hometown Jewish community at that moment, he said. “Both communities in America are being targeted right now. There’s a rise in Islamophobia and anti-Semitism,” he said. “That could have just as easily been a Muslim cemetery.”
Just one week after a Jewish cemetery in Missouri was vandalized, Philadelphia police reported that roughly 100 headstones have been toppled or damaged in the Mount Carmel cemetery. These are not easy monuments to knock down, El-Messidi said: He saw several toppled stones that were three or four feet wide at the base. El-Messidi and the local rabbis who showed up on Sunday night said their group observed far more extensive damage than police reported, with more than 500 headstones affected throughout the cemetery. It’s not clear when that damage happened, though, or whether it was all intentional.  
Like El-Messidi, Philadelphia Jewish leaders have been quick to condemn the vandalism as an act of targeted anti-Semitism. “After you start walking from row to row,” said Shawn Zevit, the lead rabbi at Mishkan Shalom, a local Reconstructionist synagogue, “it quickly moves from a random act of vandalism to something with larger intentions and a systematic approach to things.”
Proving those “larger intentions” of anti-Semitism may be harder than it seems. While the timing of the two acts of vandalism may seem deliberate and discriminatory, religiously motivated hate crimes are notoriously difficult to prove. What’s clear is that people are scared, and they see the destruction of cemeteries as an implicit threat. On Monday, 13 Jewish Community Centers around the country received bomb threats, according to a spokesperson, the most recent wave of threats since January. Muslims’ and Jews’ strong reactions to the cemetery vandalism underscores the heightened sense of discrimination both groups feel right now. As each community continues dealing with attacks like this, they may feel drawn to act together more frequently—in part because they’re operating in similar environments of religious hatred.
To prosecute an act of vandalism as a hate crime, law-enforcement officers face several important challenges, said Jack Levin, a professor emeritus of criminology at Northeastern University who studies hate crimes. First, they have to identify the culprits. Then, they have to provide evidence, from bigoted graffiti to suspects’ statements, that crimes were motivated by religious hatred. “In many hate crimes, the offenders are simply not that stupid to leave evidence of the motivation at the crime scene,” Levin said. “We may all think a hate crime has occurred, but prosecutors refuse to charge” because of a lack of evidence.
“Hatemongers don’t specialize.”
Sometimes, crimes like this are motivated by youthful stupidity. “Chances are, they are teenagers or young adults in a group who went out on a Saturday night looking for a little fun at the expense of the outsiders—in this case, Jews,” Levin said. He thinks Jewish institutions—including the many Jewish Community Centers that have been getting bomb threats in recent weeks—are often targeted because there are so many of them. The perpetrators may as well have chosen a Muslim cemetery, he said. “Hatemongers don’t specialize.”
And yet, the fear people have expressed in the wake of these cemetery attacks is distinctive. When headstones are tipped over in Christian cemeteries or family plots, it typically doesn’t become a national news story. “Why is there a stronger reaction to the desecration of a Jewish cemetery than to a Catholic cemetery?” Levin said. “The answer has to be given in historical context. Anti-Semitism has reared its ugly head for thousands of years.”
This history seemed to be on the minds of some of the rabbis and other community members who gathered at Mount Carmel on Sunday night.“It comes in the context of systemic anti-Semitism,” said Ari Lev Fornari, the rabbi at Kol Tzedek, a Reconstructionist synagogue in West Philadelphia, on Monday, referring to America’s political atmosphere. Levin cautioned, though, that “it’s kind of hard to make the case that [Trump] is in any way responsible for anti-Semitic hate crimes,” especially because the president’s daughter and son-in-law are Jewish. Trump has condemned recent acts of anti-Semitism, and Vice President Mike Pence visited the Missouri cemetery last week following the vandalism.
If anything, Jews are experiencing an intensification of a hatred that was already present, as are American Muslims. According to the FBI, Jews and Muslims together account for the vast majority of religiously motivated hate crimes: In 2015, 51 percent were committed against Jews, while 22 percent were against Muslims—and those are just the crimes for which the motive can be proven. This isn’t even the first time Mount Carmel has been desecrated: In 1989, dozens of tombstones were shattered and scrawled with graffiti, according to a story from the time by the Philadelphia Inquirer. 
“The silver lining in … this kind of eco-system of hate is that both communities are reaching out.”
What does seem to be new, though, is some Muslims’ and Jews’ urgent desire to collaborate in the wake of attacks. After the Missouri cemetery attack, El-Messidi, who runs a Muslim non-profit called Celebrate Mercy, started a fundraising campaign with the political organizer Linda Sarsour. He said they felt motivated by a story about Prophet Muhammad, who stood as a Jewish funeral procession went by as a sign of respect. The Missouri fund quickly reached its goal, and the pair plan to use the extra money to help out in Philadelphia. By Monday, El-Messidi said, the total was over $130,000.
Things haven’t always been this way. “The Jewish and Muslim communities in America haven’t worked that closely together before,” El-Messidi said. Issues like Israel-Palestine often divide the two communities, he said, but “I’m not asking about the politics of the dead people whose graves we’re trying to repair.” Despite the sadness of the desecrated headstones, he said, “the silver lining in this tragedy, and this kind of eco-system of hate, is that both communities are reaching out, getting to know one another, and standing together to defend each other against this kind of bigotry.”
That’s why the graveyard solidarity between Jews and Muslims is so significant: It suggests that at least some representatives of both groups, particularly those who are progressive and strongly anti-Trump, are looking to reframe their relationship. Although “the conservative voices in both Islam and Judaism, especially related to Israel and Palestine, have attempted to create a narrative that divides us,” Fornari said, “we long to be connected to each other. We are both religious minorities persecuted by white supremacy in this country.”
Zevit agreed that the atmosphere of anti-Semitism and Islamophobia is bringing the two communities closer in Philadelphia, although he has worked with local imams for a long time, he said. “I won’t deny my own heartbreak in what I saw,” he said. “But I’m not feeling fear, because I know our similarities and our relationships are much stronger, and these incidents are bringing us together and forging solidarity.” This certainly wasn’t what the graveyard vandals wanted, he said. In fact, it is “perhaps the opposite.”



ARTICLE
During an unusually charged race for leader of the Democratic Party, analysts and liberal commentators argued that former Labor Secretary Tom Perez, who won, was basically just as progressive as Representative Keith Ellison, who was backed by progressive standard-bearers Senators Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders. But they missed the point. The race for DNC chair wasn’t about policy or, for that matter, facts. It was about ideas, ideology, and symbolism—the very things that mainstream liberals are (still) uncomfortable talking about.
As Mother Jones’s Kevin Drum has argued, the very fact that the race had become so charged was “ridiculous,” since Perez and Ellison are “about equally progressive.” Or as his colleague David Corn wrote: “There’s truly not much ideological distance between the two. They are both grassroots-minded progressives.”
Perez, whatever his positions, was encouraged to run against Ellison by the Obama White House, with Obama’s top aide Valerie Jarrett whipping votes and telling Democratic National Committee members “I’ll let the president know you’re with Tom.” This happened after Ellison had already established himself as the early front-runner, with strong union support and the endorsement of figures like Senator Chuck Schumer. The left flank was looking for evidence that it would be fully accepted and incorporated in a party that was known for neutralizing and ignoring its base. Instead, the Democratic “establishment”—is there anyone more establishment than the president?—worked to undermine the candidate of the party’s left.
After Hillary Clinton’s election defeat, liberal commentators have, by and large, done what makes the most sense for a center-left technocratic party: sought refuge in facts and empirical reality (against someone who clearly values neither). Facts are obviously good and necessary, but they don’t make a strategy. Moreover, focusing on empirical data creates incentives to downplay the role of emotion and feeling in politics. These are, after all, the things that are difficult to measure and fall out outside the scope of “rational” action.
The race for DNC chair took place after eight years, under Obama’s presidency, in which Democrats were decimated on the local and state levels and lost the presidency to arguably the most unqualified presidential candidate in the history of the nation. If you looked hard enough, of course, you could probably find a way to argue that Barack Obama’s ideas or even his style of governing had absolutely nothing to do with the sorry state of the Democratic Party. As Matthew Yglesias of Vox put it rather succinctly: “It’s structural.” You could similarly make an argument that there was simply no lesson to learn from Clinton’s defeat. After all, she “outperformed the econometric models.”
In “normal” times, such a straightforward, even optimistic way of looking at the world may have made sense. Yet, everywhere around the world—in the Middle East, in Europe, in India, in Israel, and in the Philippines—the unexpected, the ideological, and the idiosyncratic were shaping events. In an ever more prescient article they wrote before September 11th, my colleagues Dan Byman and Ken Pollack discussed that blind spot of the social sciences—the role of individuals, and their ideas, in changing history. “Individual personalities take on added significance,” they write, “when power is concentrated in the hands of a leader, when institutions are in conflict, or in times of great change.”
Donald Trump represents a number of ideological currents coming to a head, but he himself was, and will continue to be, ideologically promiscuous, borrowing from right, left, and center. At least until he became president, it mattered less what he said. What mattered was who said it and how, and it happened to be Trump.
So, it may be true that the Democratic establishment’s “best tactic for beating the left is adopting more left-wing stances,” but this presumes that the content of positions are enough. They aren’t. Bernie Sanders did, in fact, drag Hillary Clinton leftwards, but very few voters went on Clinton’s website to find out. She could have quite literally said the exact same things as Sanders and offered up the same vaguely “socialist” proposals, but it wouldn’t have persuaded his supporters. It wouldn’t have been convincing or credible.
Keith Ellison may be about as progressive as Tom Perez, but it’s what he represents that matters. It’s what he evokes and inspires, for both better and worse, and that’s not something you can quantify in a chart or plot on a graph. It’s definitely not something you can measure, and you shouldn’t have to.



ARTICLE
Last week President Trump condemned attacks against American Jews, which is good. So why won’t he condemn attacks against American Muslims? Why is there so little political pressure on him to do so?
Numerically, the problem appears roughly similar. In the ten days following Trump’s victory, the Southern Poverty Law Center chronicled one hundred attacks—or threatened attacks—against American Jews and 49 against American Muslims. In its survey, which encompassed the period between election day and February 9, the progressive news site ThinkProgress counted 70 anti-Jewish incidents and 31 anti-Muslim ones.
The ratio of anti-Jewish to anti-Muslim incidents, in other words, appears slightly over two to one, which mirrors the ratio of Jews to Muslims in the population. According to a 2014 Pew Research Survey, 1.9 percent of Americans are Jewish; 0.9 percent are Muslim . That means that, if the SPLC and Think Progress tallies are correct, Jews and Muslims have a roughly equal chance of being victimized. In fact, Muslims are more likely to suffer an actual assault. Of the 70 anti-Jewish incidents that Think Progress catalogued, only one involved physical attack. (The large majority were bomb threats). Of the 31 anti-Muslim incidents, by contrast, nine did.
But if the scale of the attacks is roughly similar, the political reaction to them has been dramatically different. On February 15 and 16, reporters asked Trump about rising anti-Semitism in two successive press conferences. When Trump flubbed his answers, CNN reported that, “it was fast becoming politically damaging for Trump not to adopt a stern, public line against the [anti-Semitic] incidents.” Even after Trump specifically and forcefully condemned anti-Semitism on February 21, CNN declared that his words “can’t stop questions about his motives.” An NBC News report wondered whether it was “Too Little, Too Late?”
There’s been no similar pressure on Trump to condemn attacks on American Muslims. The press has certainly covered Trump’s attitudes—and those of his top advisors—toward Islam, particularly since he announced a ban on travel from seven majority-Muslim nations on January 27. But attacks on American mosques have received far less attention than the bomb threats against Jewish Community Centers. As far as I’m aware, no reporter has asked Trump about them at a press conference. And no major network would suggest that Trump’s failure “to adopt a stern, public line” against Islamophobia has been “politically damaging.”
What explains the difference? One answer is assimilation. With the exception of African Americans, American Muslims are a largely immigrant community. By contrast, most American Jews came a century ago. That helps explain why Jews are better represented at elite levels of the press and government, and in a better position to press their community’s concerns. Among the people who appear to have nudged Trump into a condemnation of anti-Semitism are his Jewish-convert daughter, who tweeted about the JCC attacks, and his Jewish son-in-law. If Trump had a Muslim son-in-law and a Muslim-convert daughter, they might have pushed him to publicly condemn attacks on mosques. (In fact, they might have challenged his slandering of Muslims throughout the campaign). But the scenario is hard to imagine because the social distance between American Muslims and elite, native-born, families like the Trumps remains so large.
The second answer concerns the way anti-Jewish and anti-Muslim bigotry are discussed in American politics. In Washington, everyone who matters politically considers anti-Semitism an indefensible sin. If a Jewish reporter or activist claims that it is rising, neither mainstream liberals nor mainstream conservatives are likely to accuse her of ulterior motives. Liberals and conservatives may argue about the reasons for rising anti-Semitism. Liberals are more likely to blame the alt-right. Conservatives often link anti-Semitism to criticism of Israel. But neither side minimizes the problem.
Islamophobia, by contrast, evokes a bitter ideological struggle. It’s not that mainstream conservatives approve of vandalizing mosques. But many believe the left is whitewashing Islam. And they view accusations of Islamophobia as an effort to discredit Islam’s critics, e.g. people like them.
Search for “Anti-Semitism” in conservative publications like National Review, The Weekly Standard, The Wall Street Journal editorial page and Commentary and you’ll find analyses of the phenomenon. Search for “Islamophobia,” by contrast, and you’ll find articles with headlines like “Islamophobia is a myth,” “‘Islamophobia’ Is Still Not the Problem,”  “The Islamophobia Myth Hits the FBI” and  “’Islamophobia’ or ‘Truthophobia.’” Often, the term itself is put in quotation marks. Victimization of American Jews is considered a  real problem. Victimization of American Muslims is considered a politically inspired hoax.
These publications aren’t Breitbart. They aren’t blanket apologists for Trump. But even anti-Trump conservatives tend to view “political correctness” as inhibiting an honest conversation about the supposed pathologies of Islam. And they thus ignore accusations of Islamophobia or actively deny them.
This helps explain why Trump faces so little pressure to condemn the spasm of anti-Muslim attacks. His initial failure to forcefully condemn anti-Semitism didn’t only spark criticism from the mainstream media, which Trump delights in belittling. It also sparked criticism from his own ideological side. The Zionist Organization of America, whose annual gala Steve Bannon asked to attend, insisted that Trump personally condemn anti-Semitism.* The Simon Wiesenthal Center, whose founder spoke at Trump’s inaugural, urged him to do more. On CNN, former presidential candidate Rick Santorum, who endorsed Trump, said he was “befuddled” as to why Trump had not spoken out. Even Jake Turx, the Jewish reporter who Trump berated for asking about anti-Semitism, probably only got to ask the question at all because his publication, Ami, is sympathetic to Trump.
No pro-Trump Muslim publications have been invited to presidential briefings. There is no Muslim equivalent of the ZOA or Simon Wiesenthal Center. There’s no former Republican presidential candidate who is as philo-Islamic as Santorum is philo-Semitic. In other words, there’s no influential cadre of people who support Trump, and have earned his trust, yet care enough about attacks on Muslims to challenge his silence on the subject.
Trump was forced to condemn anti-Semitism because in 2017 appearing indifferent to the safety of American Jews is politically dangerous in both parties. In today’s GOP, by contrast, appearing indifferent to the safety of American Muslims is easy. It’s showing genuine concern that might entail a political price.
* An earlier version of this article stated that Steve Bannon was invited to the Zionist Organization of America's annual gala when, in fact, Bannon asked to be invited. We regret the error.



ARTICLE
Rodney Cruz was born an American citizen. He did a tour in Iraq during 10 years in the Army, and was wounded on the battlefield three times, eventually suffering a traumatic brain injury. His enlistment followed in the footsteps of many of his relatives, an unbroken line of military service. Five successive generations of his family have put their lives on the line for the country, but like four million other Americans in the U.S. territories, Cruz, as a resident of Guam, is constitutionally barred from voting in federal elections.
But with some help from a brand-new legal platform, Cruz intends to change that.
As the founder of the Iraq-Afghanistan Persian Gulf Veterans of the Pacific, Cruz is one of the lead plaintiffs in the Segovia v. Chicago Board of Elections Commissioners’ case, a lawsuit seeking to challenge the prohibition on residents of U.S. territories voting in federal elections. The suit is one of several recent legal challenges around the issue of voting rights, sovereignty, and citizenship in the U.S. territories. After the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois ruled against the plaintiffs and denied a motion for summary judgment last year, the plaintiffs and a nonprofit voting-rights organization called We the People Project turned to crowdfunding to finance an appeal to the U.S. Seventh Circuit court.
The arguments in the Segovia case rely on a complex, confusing, and sometimes contradictory history of legal precedent regarding voting rights in the U.S. territories. The first and clearest pieces of precedent are that voting is that there is no explicit right to vote in the U.S. Constitution and that only citizens who are residents of U.S.states have both voting representation in Congress and via electors in the Electoral College. The matter of whether Congress can extend voting rights to the territories—or whether not doing so violates the Constitution—has often been disputed in court. Currently, the only legal way for citizens born in Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, the Northern Mariana Islands, and Puerto Rico to vote in federal elections is to move and change their residency to a state.
The strongest existing precedent on the legal status of the territories and voting therein comes from the “Insular Cases,” a series of Supreme Court decisions in the beginning of the 20th century pertaining to the country’s then-new territorial possessions. Those decisions were steeped in the colonialist and often racist legal logic of the era, with decisions referring to the “white man’s burden” and stating that the races were not created equal. They essentially held that the rights of citizenship, including voting, are not granted automatically to residents of the territories, and that territories are entities entirely dependent on Congress, which can grant or remove voting rights at will. (Though Congress, then as now, cannot revoke many basic constitutional rights guaranteed to all citizens and non-citizens under the due-process clause.)
Those cases created a system where even the rights from territory to territory are not equal. Birthright citizenship, for example, is not granted to residents of American Samoa, who are considered U.S. nationals and cannot vote in any election even if they change their residency to a state. Recent cases, such as the Puerto Rico v. Sanchez Valle decision in the Supreme Court, have reaffirmed that the territories have no existing sovereignty or privileges beyond those granted by Congress.
The Segovia case pushes back against legislation crafted under that constitutional interpretation, the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act. That law establishes absentee-voting rights for service members, expatriates, and employees of the federal government who are allowed to vote in their home states but live outside of the United States. Curiously, its definition of “outside the United States” includes the Northern Mariana Islands, but not the other territories, which for the purposes of the law are considered “states.” In those territories, absentee protections are not afforded for people stationed or otherwise living there. And because none of those territories have electors or representatives, the act essentially strips away voting rights just for moving there. No explanation is offered in the legislation as to why the Northern Mariana Islands are exempt.
The common interpretation under the Insular Cases allows for this discrepancy, as well as further contradictions under state absentee laws, which list certain territories as legal for absentee voting but not others. For example, Illinois’s law adds American Samoa to its list of absentee areas, along with the Northern Mariana Islands and the states.
The plaintiffs in Segovia are former Illinois residents who live in the territories—like lead plaintiff Luis Segovia—and Cruz’s organization that represents both territory-born service members and transplants stationed in the territories. They argue that laws that disenfranchise residents—and citizens—of the territories violate the equal-protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment and the due-process clause. While the gist of this case is to challenge a specific deficiency of absentee voting for people who move to the territories, Cruz sees it as an opportunity to challenge the basic disenfranchisement of territorial citizens.
“I was in Iraq with other service members who resided in various territories,” Cruz said. “During the election, everyone had to stop what they’re doing and go back to the forward-operating base for the election. People were being directed to go to a processing center where you’d cast your out-of-state ballot. We were stopped at the door and told,‘You have to go back to your unit.’ We were segregated from the rest of our service members, and our brothers and sisters in uniform.”
We the People founder and president Neil Weare was also born in Guam, and his organization works to file strategic lawsuits to expand voting rights and civil rights for residents of the territories. "I wanted to come up with a new approach, which was for each of the territories and D.C. to work together rather than each working on their own,” Weare said. “So I founded We the People Project to advocate for equal rights and representation for all the nearly 5 million U.S. citizens living in the territories and the District.”
That strategy focuses on “impact litigation,” which is designed not only to test key arguments in court, but to raise awareness of the issues at stake in the court of public opinion, a strategy used to great effect in civil-rights struggles by groups like the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund and the American Civil Liberties Union. “Following in the footsteps of other civil-rights movements in recognizing that when you're marginalized politically, the court system can offer a more level playing field, as can public awareness,” Weare told me.
After the plaintiffs lost in the Illinois District Court, We the People Project considered more ways to both raise public awareness and continue to probe the legal system with an appeal. They found a way to merge both of those goals in CrowdJustice, a London-based website founded by former United Nations lawyer Julia Salasky in 2015, which allows people to crowdfund litigation. CrowdJustice has been successful in the United Kingdom, especially after it was used by several British residents and expats late last year to raise over £170,000 for a “People’s Challenge” to Brexit in the British high courts.
With the Segovia appeal as CrowdJustice’s second case in the United States, Salasky sees the lawsuit as an entry point for the platform. “In general,” Salasky says, “the raison d'être behind the platform is to increase access to the legal system with crowdfunding at its core, which tends to bring together people who need funding for cases with people who are passionate about the issue at stake.”
Though CrowdJustice is a politically neutral platform and organization, Salasky notes that thorny constitutional and civil-rights issues, raised in the era of Brexit in the United Kingdom and in the era of Donald Trump in the United States, make the idea of harnessing crowdfunding for litigation more appealing. “I think the courts are more important than ever in the sense that the challenges we're seeing here at the moment are having different outcomes in the courts than in the other political branches,” Salasky told me. That opportunity dovetails with Weare’s assessment that crowdfunded impact litigation is "a way to make sure that the Constitution's mandates are carried out.”
There are challenges ahead for all of the entities involved in the case. CrowdJustice may have a major opportunity in the United States after organizations like the ACLU raised record amounts of funds during a legal avalanche against the executive branch over Trump’s immigration ban. But the platform could feasibly be used to to mobilize citizens to silence political opponents and media as well, especially in an environment where nuisance lawsuits and third-party funding of defamation suits against journalists have emerged as lethal weapons, as evidenced in the demise of Gawker. Salasky assured me that there are safeguards against “frivolous” lawsuits pursued by the platform, but the definition of such frivolity isn’t clear, and those safeguards may not exist for any CrowdJustice competitors that arise.
For the We the People Project in Segovia, their main barrier to success is still the court system itself. Courts have reliably sided in favor of a narrow view of territorial rights, as decided in the Insular Cases. While a flurry of lawsuits by the territories over the past two years has garnered much attention—especially in this magazine—it has done little to sway legal precedent. Though an odd union of Supreme Court justices, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Clarence Thomas, left the door open for further consideration of territorial-sovereignty issues in a concurrence in the Sanchez Valle case, arguments brought to courts in favor of territorial voting rights have necessarily shifted from whether Congress can dictate the terms of territorial citizenship and sovereignty—it can—to whether such an arrangement, with its arbitrary assignation of full citizenship, violates the deeper natural rights and equal protection also guaranteed by the Constitution.
For Cruz, the battle is moral, and even a loss in court can help put the pressure on political leaders to make change. “As we’re preparing for 2020,” Cruz said, “we’re going to fight very hard to see a positive change and maybe we can convince Donald Trump to urge and put the pressure on Congress. … I’m serving my country, but it’s taking away dignity and equal citizenship. People call me a hero, but what good am I if I can’t vote for the commander in chief?”



ARTICLE
American citizens had their introduction to the Trump-era immigration machine Wednesday, when Customs and Border Protection agents met an airliner that had just landed at New York’s JFK airport after a flight from San Francisco. According to passenger accounts, a flight attendant announced that all passengers would have to show their “documents” as they deplaned, and they did. The reason for the search, Homeland Security officials said, was to assist Immigration and Customs Enforcement in a search for a specific immigrant who had received a deportation order after multiple criminal convictions. The target was not on the flight.
After days of research, I can find no legal authority for ICE or CBP to require passengers to show identification  on an entirely domestic fight. The ICE authorizing statute, 8 U.S.C. § 1357, provides that agents can conduct warrantless searches of “any person seeking admission to the United States”—if, that is, the officer has “reasonable cause to suspect” that the individual searched may be deportable. CBP’s statute, 19 U.S.C. § 1467, grants search authority “whenever a vessel from a foreign port or place or from a port or place in any Territory or possession of the United States arrives at a port or place in the United States.” CBP regulations, set out at 19 C.F.R. § 162.6, allow agents to search “persons, baggage, and merchandise arriving in the Customs territory of the United States from places outside thereof.”
I asked two experts whether I had missed some general exception to the Fourth Amendment for passengers on a domestic flight. After all, passengers on flights entering the U.S. from other countries can expect to be asked for ID, and even searched. Barry Friedman, the Jacob D. Fuchsberg professor of law and affiliated professor of politics at New York University, is the author of Unwarranted: Policing Without Permission, a new book-length study of intrusive police investigation and search practices. “Is this remotely constitutional?” he asked. “I think it isn’t. We all know generally the government can’t come up and demand to see identification.” Officers need to have statutory authority to search and reasonable suspicion that the person to be searched has violated the law, he said. Andre Segura, senior staff attorney at the American Civil Liberties Union’s Immigrants’ Rights Project, told me that “I’m not aware of any aviation exception” for domestic passengers.
An ID check is a “search” under the law. Passengers on the JFK flight were not “seeking admission”—the flight originated in the U.S. CBP officials told the public after the fact that they were looking for a specific individual believed to be on board. A search for a specific individual cannot include every person on a plane, regardless of sex, race, and age. That is a general paper check of the kind familiar to anyone who has traveled in an authoritarian country. As Segura told me, “We do not live in a ‘show me your papers’ society.”
I asked a CBP spokesperson what legal authority the agency could show for the search. In response, the spokesperson said:

In this situation, CBP was assisting ICE in locating an individual possibly aboard the flight that was ordered removed from the United States pursuant to the Immigration and Nationality Act. To assist ICE, CBP requested consensual assistance from passengers aboard the flight to determine whether the removable individual in question was in fact aboard the flight. In the course of seeking this assistance, CBP did not compel any of these domestic passengers to show identification. With much-appreciated cooperation from these passengers, CBP was able to resolve the issue with minimal delay to the traveling public.

It's quite legal for law enforcement to ask for “voluntary” cooperation. Anyone who follows criminal-procedure cases, however, knows that “voluntary” in legalese does not mean what ordinary people think it means. Supreme Court caselaw makes clear that officers may block an exit and ask for ID or permission to search. They aren’t required to tell the individual stopped that he or she may refuse, and they have every incentive to act as if refusal may result in arrest. The Supreme Court held in 1984 that “while most citizens will respond to a police request, the fact that people do so, and do so without being told they are free not to respond, hardly eliminates the consensual nature of the response.” Passengers deplaning after a long flight might reasonably fear they will be “detained” if they anger the law enforcement figure blocking their exit. That officer is under no obligation to tell them they can refuse.
I am a white, English-speaking law professor, affluent, privileged, articulate, and a native-born citizen. Such hair as I have is white and I can hardly seem like a threat to anyone. I have researched the matter, and feel reasonably confident that an agent would have to let me pass if I refused the demand for my papers. If not, I can afford counsel and my family knows excellent lawyers to call.
I am vowing here and now not to show papers in this situation. I know that it will take gumption to follow through if the situation arises. What will be the reaction of ordinary travelers, some with outstanding warrants or other legal worries? Should we expect heroism of people who just want to get off an airplane?
Justice William O. Douglas once wrote that a regime of liberty includes “freedom from bodily restraint or compulsion, freedom to walk, stroll, or loaf.”
A shadow is falling over that freedom, both for aliens and for citizens. Its loss will be devastating.



ARTICLE
In the 25 years that John Boehner served in Congress, the former House speaker said on Thursday in his eye-opening moment of candor, “Republicans never, ever, one time agreed on what a health care proposal should look like. Not once.”
The happily-retired Ohioan was explaining to a health-care conference in Orlando why he believed his party would fail to deliver on its longstanding pledge to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. Boehner’s prediction, which was reported by Politico, captured the headlines, but the history lesson that accompanied it shouldn’t have come as a surprise: Not only have Republicans never agreed on health care, the modern conservative movement has never before seen it as a priority to reform the entire U.S. system. That’s one of the many reasons why the GOP is struggling so mightily to replace Obamacare now. While Democrats famously tried and failed to enact universal healthcare for decades before the ACA finally won approval in 2010, the only GOP proposals that have advanced in Congress have been far more limited in scope, like the creation of a new prescription-drug program under President George W. Bush in 2003.
For Republicans seeking an Obamacare replacement now, the challenge is growing with each passing day. Re-energized Democrats are defending the ACA with a ferocity unseen in past years, and new polls show that the law is becoming more popular than ever before. The release of repeal legislation has been delayed, most recently because of a reportedly unfavorable cost estimate from the Congressional Budget Office (though Politico got its hands on a draft bill Friday). And House and Senate Republicans remain divided over how quickly they should scrap the law and how much of it they need to immediately replace.
But the biggest hurdles for Republicans have centered on the vexing policy questions that pit the political imperative to match the benefits of the Affordable Care Act against their ideological opposition to government involvement in the market. How much will it cost? How will they pay for it? How many people will be covered? And what will happen to the parts of the current law that people like the most?
Taxes
Democrats paid for the new benefits and programs in the Affordable Care Act by raising taxes on wealthy individuals, medical devices, even indoor tanning salons. They also capped the tax deduction for the most expensive employer-sponsored insurance plans—a provision that became known as the “Cadillac tax.”
Republicans denounced all these new charges, and conservatives have demanded that they be eliminated right alongside the repeal of the broader law. But other lawmakers want to keep at least some of the taxes in place to pay for the policies in the GOP replacement plan, like funding for high-risk insurance pools and tax credits for expanded health savings accounts. “The revenue is essential,” Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana told reporters as he introduced a compromise plan last month, explaining that without revenue from Obamacare’s taxes, Republicans can’t hope to fulfill President Trump’s own request for a healthcare plan that provides “insurance for everybody.”
Yet the hardline House Freedom Caucus has already vowed to oppose any bill that keeps the ACA tax hikes. One option under consideration is for Republicans to scrap the current regimen of taxes but replace them with a version of the Cadillac tax that Congress already repealed as part of the ACA. The policy under discussion, according to The New York Times, would limit the tax break that allows people to deduct the cost of health insurance off their federal taxable income. That’s a proposal that health economists have advocated for years, but it has been nearly impossible to implement because of the popularity of the tax break; the scaled-back Cadillac tax was so unpopular that Democrats eventually agreed to get rid of it.
Deficit Impact
The fate of Obamacare’s taxes is directly related to another crucial question for Republicans: How much will their bill cost? The new tax revenue meant that that Affordable Care Act actually shrunk federal deficits over a decade, and because of that, the Congressional Budget Office has projected that previous GOP repeal bills would have raised the deficit by several hundred billion dollars. Republicans have disputed these estimates, but for a party that attacked former President Barack Obama for presiding over a steep increase in the debt, it’s a big political problem. In January, Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky cited the deficit impact as a reason he voted against the budget resolution that Republicans passed to lay the groundwork for repeal. And according to The Hill, a House committee is pushing back its consideration of repeal-and-replace legislation because some elements of the bill received a poor score from the CBO.
Medicaid
Nothing about the ACA has divided Republicans across the country more than its expansion of Medicaid. The party won a rare legal victory in 2012 when the Supreme Court ruled that states could choose not to receive extra federal support for an expansion in the program that covers poor and disabled Americans. But several Republican-led states opted for expansion anyway, and their governors are now lobbying Congress to maintain their federal funding. They’ve taken credit for reductions in the uninsured rate in their states and for Medicaid reform they’ve been able to negotiate with the Obama administration.
As with Obamacare’s taxes, however, conservatives in the House are adamant that any repeal scrap the Medicaid expansion, which they consider a costly endorsement of government-run healthcare. They also want to be sure that the federal funding formula doesn’t reward states that expanded Medicaid at the expense of states—like their own, in many cases—that didn’t. “Some people in Congress want my state to pay for someone else’s Medicaid expansion,” Representative Raul Labrador of Idaho told reporters earlier this month. At the other end are Republicans like Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, who vowed to oppose repeal of the Medicaid expansion as long as her state’s Legislature wanted to keep it.
Coverage
One of the key talking points for supporters of the ACA is that the approximately 22 million people who gained health insurance under the law stand to lose that coverage if it is repealed. Trump at one point vowed “insurance for everybody,” but his appointees have since backed off that promise by instead claiming that the goal of the administration’s plan is to ensure “access” to healthcare for all—an important distinction and a much looser standard to uphold, as my colleague Olga Khazan explained in January.
The truth is that because Republicans are committed to spending less on government assistance and to eliminating Obamacare’s mandates that individuals purchase insurance and that most employers provide it, their plan will almost certainly cover fewer people. As Bloomberg reported on Friday, some Republican lawmakers are beginning to acknowledge as much.
GOP leaders have said that their priority is giving consumers more choices in insurance coverage, including the option not to have any at all. They’ve said the focus on how many people have insurance under Obamacare is misplaced because the plans come with such high deductibles that people can never actually use the coverage they’re paying for. At the same time, Republican proposals rely on these same kind of high-deductible plans, except in many cases they offer fewer benefits for lower costs. And as they seek to prevent instability in the insurance market, party leaders are now trying to reassure Americans covered on the ACA that they won’t “have the rug pulled out from under them.”
Democrats learned the hard way that promising people they’ll be able to keep their insurance plans is a lot easier than making it a reality. Republicans are likely to find that the more people they hope to cover, the more money they’ll have to spend to do so.
The Popular Parts
If Democrats have succeeded in selling any part of the Affordable Care Act, it’s the provision that prevents insurance companies from discriminating against consumers with pre-existing medical conditions. Now, Republicans from Trump on down are pledging that their plan will protect these people, even if it stops short of a complete federal ban on insurers. But like so much else about healthcare policy, this is easier said than done. The GOP bill is expected to call for states to set up high-risk pools to cover people with pre-existing conditions, but the big question will be whether Republicans appropriate enough money to sustain them.
They face a similar bind with other popular parts of Obamacare, like the ban on lifetime coverage limits and the requirement that insurers allow adult children to stay on their parents’ plan until age 26. Insurance companies acquiesced to these rules in large part because the employer and individual mandates guaranteed them enough customers to make it work financially. But as Republicans strike those more controversial mandates, they’ll find it more difficult to guarantee the more popular consumer protections survive.




ARTICLE
Historians have looked harshly on the FBI’s legacy in dealing with religious groups. The Bureau famously investigated and threatened Martin Luther King Jr. at the peak of the civil-rights movement. A 1993 standoff with a group called the Branch Davidians in Waco, Texas, ended with a massive fire, killing more than six dozen men, women, and children. And since the terrorist attacks of September 11, the Bureau has repeatedly been accused of illegally surveilling and harassing Muslim Americans.
The story of the FBI and religion is not a series of isolated mishaps, argues a new book of essays edited by Steven Weitzman, a professor at the University of Pennsylvania, and Sylvester A. Johnson, a professor at Northwestern University. Over its 109 years of existence, these historians and their colleagues argue, the Bureau has shaped American religious history through targeted investigations and religiously tinged rhetoric about national security.
At times, the Bureau has operated according to an explicit vision of protecting Christianity, as it did during the tenure of J. Edgar Hoover, the longtime director of the FBI. But in other cases, it has operated with religious ignorance. When the religion scholar Philip Arnold saw the events unfolding in Waco, he thought, “My dissertation suddenly became real.” But the FBI rebuffed his efforts, along with the New Testament scholar James Tabor, to intervene and negotiate. While they believed the violence could have been avoided by taking the Branch Davidians’ theology seriously, the FBI was eager to bring the conflict to a close—which it did, with tragic results.
As religion takes an ever-higher profile in America’s national-security concerns, the FBI will play a crucial role in determining how groups are treated. I spoke with Weitzman about the history of the FBI and religion, and why this history is relevant today. Our conversation has been condensed and edited for clarity.
Emma Green: How did 9/11 change the relationship between the FBI and religious groups?
Stephen Weitzman: What 9/11 changed, to some degree, was the mission of the FBI. Prior to 9/11, its role was investigative: It was trying to stop criminal behavior and arrest criminals. After 9/11, the FBI was charged with preempting crime, or detecting it before it happened, which meant that it needed to engage in new forms of intelligence gathering. That put a new pressure on the FBI and incentivized it to behave in ways that it wouldn’t have behaved in previous decades.
Green: But as the book details, the FBI actually has a long history of investigating Muslim groups, such as the Nation of Islam and the Moorish Temple. What were some of the reasons for its investigations of those groups?
Weitzman: The Moorish Science Temple of America refers to an African American Muslim community that developed in the ’30s and ’40s. One commonality between their situation and the situation of contemporary Muslims is war. Whether you’re talking about World War II, or the war against terrorism, it creates a context in which the FBI seems to get more intrusive in its relationship with religious communities.
The larger context in the ’50s and ’60s is the Cold War. During the Cold War, the federal government came to be suspicious of certain religious groups—not just the Nation of Islam, but Martin Luther King and the movement that he led. These were seen to be, in some cases, dupes of communism. Religion was seen as a pretense by which people who had criminal or traitorous intentions were trying to legitimize what they were doing.
In some corners of contemporary society, there’s a similar suspicion of Islam as some kind of religious pretext or cover for criminal behavior. There’s a continuity in attitude and rhetoric between how the government once treated people suspected of having a collusive relationship with communism and how the government interacts with people suspected of links to terrorism.
“Immigrant communities are subject to a whole new level of suspicion. And the FBI itself has been at the center.”
Green: The FBI had an interesting relationship with Christian groups. With some clergy and leaders, it had strong alliances, but it also investigated and opposed a number of Christian individuals and organizations. Especially in the Cold War era, how did the FBI’s relationship with Christian groups develop?
Weitzman: A major character in that story is J. Edgar Hoover himself, who was a former Sunday School teacher. He depicted the Cold War as a spiritual struggle. He allied America and democracy with a Judeo-Christian tradition—which was an artificial construction, but he saw it as the foundation of American values.
Communism, on the other hand, was an agent of secularism and atheism. The twist was that communists, who were clever and wily in his imagination, had figured out that they should use religion as a kind of cover for their behavior—it was a way to infiltrate American society. He saw religious leaders on the left as either communists in disguise, or as people who were naively coopted by the communists. On those grounds, he basically sought to discredit people on the religious left.
The way religion has been so closely identified with the right in American society in the last few decades—it didn’t have to go that way. If it hadn’t been for a deliberate effort to discredit people on the religious left by tainting them with the communist association, we might have a more politically diverse religious landscape today in American life.
“Although he loves Judaism, actual Jews are a problem.”
Green: The book describes a double invisibility for Jews in the struggle between America and communism. The concept of “Judeo-Christianity” is not about real, live Jewish people. It’s about a historical tradition that theoretically ended when Christianity began.
On the other hand, Jews were associated with communism, whether because of latent anti-Semitism, or high-profile figures like the Rosenbergs, or other factors.
How did this precarious position come to be?
Weitzman: The FBI’s relationship to Jews and Judaism kind of mirrored the relationship to Jews and Judaism within Christianity itself. On the one hand, Christianity traces its own origins back to Judaism and sees itself as a fulfillment of the promise of Judaism. On the other hand, it’s premised on a rejection of Judaism, and sees Judaism as something that has been superseded by Christianity.
That comes out in Hoover’s casting of the FBI as a defender of Judaism. Although he loves Judaism, actual Jews are a problem. He couldn’t really acknowledge that there might be an authentic, non-religious, secular Jewish culture—the left-leaning Jewish culture associated with Yiddish and New York. For him, those kinds of Jews weren’t really Jews. And it’s almost as if he had to defend Judaism against that kind of Jew.
Green: The book also highlights religious nationalism, which was actively supported by religious leaders—from anti-communist Catholic clergy working with Hoover to Mormons cheering on the FBI. What was their role, and the FBI’s role, in developing a sense of religiously motivated nationalism?
Weitzman: The FBI has been a major player in shaping the religious landscape of the United States. It did so by lending its support to certain religious leaders, by introducing its own religious rhetoric into the broader culture, and by harassing or delegitimizing religious actors who were deemed to be threatening or subversive in some way.
The religious ideology of a group like the Mormons, who came to embrace the United States as almost a religious virtue—that needs to be understood in the larger context of Mormon history. Mormons were subject to persecution by the federal government in the 19th century, so their attitude toward the government has to be understood as part of a larger struggle for survival.
“No other organization … has had a more directly destructive impact on the lives of religious communities.”
Green: The book tracks many of the FBI’s sins, from illegal surveillance to bigoted assumptions about minority groups to unjust arrests. Yet, the FBI’s identity and mission have shifted dramatically in its century of existence. It has often been on the front lines of the scariest events in American history, including war and domestic terrorism.
Is there a sympathetic way to read the FBI’s posture toward religious groups over its history?
Weitzman: Maybe we could present more of a rounded out picture. For example: The FBI today plays a leading role in combatting hate crimes, and a lot of hate crime is targeted at religious communities. We rely on the FBI to protect religious liberty, and that absolutely has to be part of the picture.
I also think it’s fair to point out that a lot of the more unfortunate incidents documented in the book are in the context of war. The FBI is charged with defending national security, and with the war on terrorism, it faces this extra challenge of people expecting it to prevent things from happening. That’s very difficult to do. I personally have a lot of empathy for the FBI in its struggle to balance protecting people’s liberty and defending Americans’ lives.
On the other hand, it is one of the most powerful agencies of the United States. Likely no other organization of the federal government has had a more directly destructive impact on the lives of religious communities than the FBI.
Green: So what are the greatest lessons from this research about some of the things that are happening today?
Weitzman: We’re in a situation where we have anti-Islamic discourse entering the political mainstream in a way that hasn’t been the case in the past. Immigrant communities are subject to a whole new level of suspicion. And the FBI itself has been at the center of a lot of these things.
I’ve been thinking a lot about James Comey, the current director of the FBI. He was a religion-studies major as an undergraduate, and he wrote his senior thesis on the theologian Reinhold Niebuhr. I don’t know this to be true, but I see some of the influence of that on what he’s doing now. A year or two ago, he instituted a new practice for FBI recruits: They have to go to the Martin Luther King memorial in Washington, D.C., and have to study how the FBI under J. Edgar Hoover mistreated Martin Luther King. He has on his desk a memorandum that authorized the FBI to surveil and harass Martin Luther King. That’s there as a reminder to him of the danger of overreach of the FBI.
What I find encouraging about that is his willingness to study the history of the FBI and digest the lessons, and try to institutionalize that as part of the educational culture of the FBI. If we could just somehow learn from the mistakes we’ve made in the past, there’s a small chance we won’t make those mistakes again.



ARTICLE
Former Labor Secretary Thomas Perez—the candidate backed by the Democratic Party’s establishment—was elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee on Sunday, as its members chose a close ally of both Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton to lead the out-of-power party in the era of Donald Trump.
Perez defeated Representative Keith Ellison of Minnesota, the favorite of many progressives, and a collection of lesser-known candidates in a vote of the 435 committee members who participated in the balloting in Atlanta. Perez won on the second ballot after coming a single vote shy of capturing the simple majority needed in the first round of balloting. The final two-way vote was 235-200. In a bid to head off a revolt from Ellison backers, Perez immediately moved to name his rival as deputy chairman, which the party members ratified by acclamation.
As DNC chairman, Perez will be responsible for rebuilding a party that has been decimated in recent years. Democrats lost control of Congress, dozens of governorships, and hundreds of state legislative seats in the last eight years—a period that culminated last November in the most stinging defeat of all: Clinton’s loss to Trump.
To the dismay of many rank-and-file Democrats, the race for DNC chairman became something of a proxy fight that mirrored the presidential primary battle between Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. Perez won the support of Clinton and Obama confidantes, while Sanders and progressive groups rallied around Ellison, a staunch liberal who predicted early on that Trump would take hold of the Republican Party. And in a battle to lead the party’s central fundraising and recruitment organization, it was not a big surprise that the establishment’s favored candidate won. Both candidates appealed to committee members to unify behind the winner—a nod to the lingering bitterness among the most fervent Sanders and Ellison backers stemming from the 2016 primary process.
The 35-year-old mayor of South Bend, Indiana, Pete Buttigieg, made a strong impression on Democrats as an up-and-coming outsider who stressed his ties to the white working class voters who have abandoned the party. But despite a late endorsement from former DNC chairman and presidential hopeful Howard Dean, Buttigieg’s bid to emerge as a consensus choice in the event of a Perez-Ellison deadlock fell short. He dropped out minutes before the vote.
There were few policy differences among the candidates, who hewed closely to the progressive platform Clinton blessed to win over Sanders supporters last year. Perez drew criticism for his support, as a member of Obama’s Cabinet, of the Trans Pacific Partnership, which Ellison strongly opposed. And as Democrats across the country have become enraged at the early moves by the Trump White House, each of the candidates adopted a posture of all-out opposition to the new president. At a candidate debate on CNN last week, Ellison said Trump had already “done a number of things that raise the question of impeachment.”
The DNC chairmanship is a political position, not a policymaking one. With Democrats out of the White House, the chairman becomes a key spokesman for the party on television, but the job is fundamentally about fundraising, candidate recruitment, and building up a party apparatus than can win races at the local, state, and national level.
Perez, a former assistant attorney general for civil rights in the Justice Department, pitched himself as a turnaround artist who would change the culture at the DNC. “We are suffering from a crisis of confidence, a crisis of relevance,” he told committee members before the vote.
Ellison’s supporters championed him as someone who could harness the passion of Democratic activists protesting throughout the nation and in particular, ensure that the party reversed its turnout struggle in off-year elections. “We are in this mess because we lost not just one election but 1,000 elections,” Ellison said in his nominating speech.
The Ellison-Perez battle did not break down completely along the 2016 Clinton-Sanders divide. Ellison won a key early endorsement from Charles Schumer of New York, the new Senate minority leader who has tried to build up a rapport with the party’s left-wing. As the nation’s most powerful Jewish politician, Schumer’s support helped allay concerns about Ellison’s past criticism of Israel and his association with the Nation of Islam. The Minnesota lawmaker stressed his support for Israel and in the final days of the race denounced Trump for omitting references to Jews in a statement on the Holocaust and for his lackluster condemnation of threats against Jewish community centers across the country. Ellison also vowed to resign from Congress if he won to devote his full energy to leading the DNC.
But his initial momentum was not enough to keep Perez from entering the race at the urging of former Clinton and Obama aides. While the former president stayed neutral, former Vice President Joseph Biden threw his support to Perez. He sealed his victory in the final days after another Jaime Harrison, chairman of the South Carolina Democratic Party, withdrew from the race and endorsed Perez.



ARTICLE
OXON HILL, Maryland — If you want to take the temperature of the conservative movement at CPAC, you need to know where to stick the thermometer. It’s not in the onstage speeches, or the myriad policy panels, or the boozy after-parties—it’s inside Exhibit Hall D on the ground floor of the Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center.
Here, in what conference organizers have dubbed “The Hub,” hundreds of blue-blazered and high-heeled young conservatives roam the cavernous hall—crammed with booths set up by right-wing think tanks, media outfits, pressure groups, and publishers—shopping for future careers. The general vibe is that of a trade show, with attendees perusing pamphlets about D.C. internships, swapping Twitter follows, and taking selfies with minor cable news celebrities. They buy t-shirts with cheeky messages on them (“God is great, beer is good & liberals are crazy”), and the lucky ones make off with a satchel full of swag (the Sheriff David Clarke bobblehead was a particularly hot item this year).
This is where the right wing’s marquee annual conference most nakedly displays its true animating force— not conservatism, but careerism. Once a pep rally for rank-and-file grassroots activists, CPAC has mutated in recent years into a networking event for young ladder-climbers and fame-seekers looking to get ahead. And this year, an army of aspiring pundits, politicos, and policy wonks are being tempted with an exciting new professional path: Trump-style nationalism.
Take, for example, Lisa Jones, a Capitol Hill intern who idolizes Nikki Haley and dreams of one day working in high-level foreign affairs. She was no fan of Donald Trump during the election, and actually voted for Evan McMullin, the independent candidate she felt better represented her brand of conservatism. But now that Trump is in power, she told me, she’s giving his message and platform a second look.  
“Trump and his administration are really pushing this more nationalistic approach,” Jones said. She conceded, diplomatically, that the president’s agenda marks something of a departure from her own more traditionally conservative foreign policy ideas—but she’s also taken note of how quickly Trump’s worldview in gaining popularity within the party. For now, she’s keeping her mind (and her career options) open. After all, she says, “We don’t agree on everything, but for conservatives this is an electric time right now.”
Sarah Caplin, a research intern at a political advocacy group who’s mulling a future in conservative media, tells a similar story. She was put off by Trump during the Republican primaries, strongly preferring candidates like Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, but now finds herself searching for something in Trumpism to get excited about. It hasn’t been easy. Her focus is on criminal justice reform, a bipartisan issue that has excited some Christian conservatives and libertarian types, but has found little support in the ascendant law-and-order wing of the GOP. Still, she’s savvy enough not to trash her party’s newly elected leader while talking to reporters.
“Definitely since being in D.C. I think I have become more open to some of the conservative ideas that [Trump] has been setting forward,” Caplin told me, tentatively. “I think we do have some common ground, and at this point we just need to find a way to work with that.”
None of the young CPAC-goers I talked to told me definitively that they were undertaking a wholesale career recalibration in response to Trump’s rise. Instead, most seemed like they were hanging back, cautiously assessing the landscape, trying to stay flexible.
One attendee, who requested anonymity because he was manning a booth at the Hub and didn’t have permission to go on the record, said he’d noticed that some of his amateur blogger friends have begun to adopt a more Trumpian posture lately in hopes of making it big. For those aspiring stars of the conservative media considering a rebrand, there’s no lack of successful role models. Talking heads like Kayleigh McEnany, Scottie Hughes, and Jeffrey Lord went from relative obscurity to cable news fame during the 2016 election by emerging to fill the void of pro-Trump pundits on TV. Meanwhile, a new journal called American Affairs launched this week offering a platform for intellectuals seeking to defend Trump’s vision. And next year’s midterms are likely to feature a slew of primaries pitting orthodox conservative incumbents against Trumpian challengers. These are boom times for Trump’s brand of politics, and the savvy young strivers at CPAC have taken notice—even if they’re not all happy about it.
Daniel Tellez, a senior at Boise State, noted with a hint of dismay that the rising Trumpist faction of the party seems to have pushed his fellow libertarians back to the fringes of the movement. He doesn’t plan on altering his own politics—but neither does he expect the dynamics to change anytime soon. “As far as jobs go, I’d say that young nationalists now feel like the Republican Party provides an ideological home.”  



ARTICLE
The White House recently sought to enlist the Departments of Homeland Security and Justice to build a case for its controversial and unpopular immigration ban, CNN reported on Thursday. Among intelligence professionals, the request to produce analysis that supports a favored policy—vice producing analysis, and allowing it to inform policy—is called politicization. It is anathema to the training most analysts receive and the values that lie at the heart of the vocation. There is a high cost to putting ideology over informed assessments of political, economic, and military realities.
At the Central Intelligence Agency, where I served as director of strategy in the Directorate of Analysis, the subject of politicization is introduced to analysts almost as soon as they enter into service. There is good reason for this: Politicization is not an academic issue.
During the Cold War, the Ford administration convened a Team B comprised of conservative foreign-policy thinkers to challenge the intelligence community’s estimates of Soviet nuclear capabilities. Then-CIA director and future President George H.W. Bush later concluded the group’s work lent “itself to manipulation for purposes other than estimative accuracy.”
In the early 1990s, after a rocky confirmation process during which he was accused of politicizing intelligence analysis, Director of the CIA Robert Gates implemented a series of reforms aimed at guarding against political or ideological thinking coloring intelligence analysis. Gates described politicization as “deliberately distorting analysis or judgments to favor a preferred line of thinking irrespective of evidence.”
Recently—during my tenure as an analyst with the CIA—President George W. Bush’s administration exerted unusual pressure to have the CIA support its plans to invade Iraq because of that country’s alleged ties to al-Qaeda and its weapons of mass destruction program. Both assumptions proved flawed. Nada Bakos wrote about the problems with efforts to tie Iraq to al-Qaeda for Wired. An internal CIA post-mortem concluded that the CIA’s assessments of the Iraqi WMD program were a case of an effective denial-and-deception program that fed prevailing assumptions.
Intelligence analysis is more an imperfect art than it is a science: Gaps in reporting, bad sources, and circular reporting all complicate the analyst’s quest for knowledge and understanding. As a result, we have seen the rise of ideas like “words of estimative probability,” which, like any language, assume a degree of fluency that rarely exists.
Politicization, however, sits on top of all of these complicating factors because it is an act of willful commission: At its most overt, it amounts to using a political position to get people to say that a clear, bright blue sky is cloudy.
While the CIA prides itself on a tradition of “truth to power,” the reality of telling high-ranking officials that their beliefs are not supported by either the available reporting or the informed opinions of a cross-section of the analytic cadre is far more weighty than those three words convey. Speaking “truth to power” requires courage, because political partisans are all too happy to causally decry dissent as disloyalty.
What is the cost of politicization? As of 2013, it was estimated that the American invasion of Iraq in 2003 cost an estimated $1.7 trillion, and saw over 4,000 Americans killed in action and over 30,000 wounded in action. Those numbers don’t include the families of the fallen; the innocent Iraqis killed or wounded during the conflict; or the insurgency that evolved into the extremist threat that we now know as ISIS.
The irony is that President Trump is a vocal critic of his predecessors’ decisions to invade, occupy, and ultimately withdraw from Iraq. In the run-up to that war, the Department of Defense formed an Office of Special Plans, conceived by Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz, which as Seymour Hersh argued in The New Yorker, “was created in order to find evidence of what Wolfowitz and his boss, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, believed to be true” about Iraq the threat it posed to the world. By trying to shape analysis to support his administration’s world view, Trump is creating the conditions for committing our country to courses of action that have the potential to be as costly or disastrous.
This administration may seek solace in reality-distorting “alternative facts,” but politicizing intelligence is a massive disservice to the American taxpayer. There are plenty of media outlets, web sites, and pundits that cater to the full spectrum of American political thought, to include those strains of belief that are more about subjective feelings than informed realities. Compelling the government’s cadre of professional analysts to partake in ideological fantasy will undermine America’s national security, not enhance it.



ARTICLE
“Really bad dudes.”
That’s what President Trump called the undocumented immigrants his administration intends to remove, but so far, his orders have indicated otherwise.
Earlier this week, the Department of Homeland Security issued new rules on which undocumented immigrants should be considered a priority for deportation. The memos include instructions to prioritize undocumented immigrants who are charged, but not necessarily convicted of a crime, as well as those who are said to have “committed” an act that could be charged as a crime. That criteria massively expands the number of undocumented immigrants considered a priority for deportation, including those who may have committed no crime at all. The memo also includes requests for the hiring of 10,000 more Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents and 5,000 more Customs and Border Protection agents.
Today, there are roughly 11 million undocumented immigrants living in the United States. Of those, up to 8 million are now at risk of deportation under Trump’s new enforcement measures, according to estimates by the Los Angeles Times. But funding to put some of the administration’s plans in place is complicated and could delay its execution.
As my colleague Matt Ford noted, “neither of the memos alter U.S. immigration laws.” Still, they’re sowing fear into immigrant communities. The criteria are a drastic change from the previous administration, which created a priority system known as the The Priority Enforcement Program, which, as former President Obama put it, focused on “felons, not families.” That shift in immigration policy came after years of criticism from immigrant advocates about the administration’s deportation strategy. Over his tenure, Obama deported more people than both of his recent predecessors, Bill Clinton and George W. Bush.
Congress needs to approve the administration’s funding requests, though it’s still unclear in what form that will come in. There are a few avenues the administration could take. In January, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Congress would pay for the construction of a wall along the U.S.- Mexico border and could do so through a supplemental appropriations bill. The administration could, theoretically, tack on a request for an increase in border patrol agents and ICE agents since they fall under the umbrella of immigration enforcement. But the administration could also decide to instead ask for an increase in funding for the Department of Homeland Security through the appropriations process, though receiving the funding is still not guaranteed. Appropriations bills need 60 votes in the Senate, so Republicans would have to garner some Democratic support.
Doris Meissner, a senior fellow at the Migration Policy Institute, a nonpartisan think tank, doesn’t recall big asks, like a sharp increase in border patrol agents, of “this magnitude” in the past.  “At 9/11, I believe the border patrol was about at 10,000 or 11,000 and that was a big ramp up after 9/11. It basically took until 2010 or 2011 to double the size of the border patrol,” she said. Border patrol hiring, Meisnner noted, is complex: “the training is long, the security clearance process takes a long time. We used to use the number 27 initial recruits for one officer.”
Mark Krikorian, the executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies, a think tank that supports tighter controls on immigration, conceded that the process required in hiring more agents is indeed a grueling one and therefore it would be difficult to achieve the numbers requested by the administration in a short time span. “I don’t think the money issue really is going to be a problem. As far as the personnel goes, the real problem is going to be maintaining standards in hiring and training and not succumbing to political pressure to hire people quicker,” he said.
The rather slow-moving process might hamper the administration’s enforcement plans for now, but that doesn’t mean that they haven’t already affected the lives of millions of people in the United States. In California, immigrant parents are preparing for the possibility of being arrested by immigration agents by signing “legal documents authorizing friends and relatives to pick up their children from school” and providing access to “their bank accounts to pay their bills,” the Associated Press reports.
The fear stems from the expanded criteria for deportation—that a larger swath of people are considered a priority versus just criminals—and from deportations that are already known to have taken place across the country. Earlier this month, an Arizona woman who had lived in the United States for over 20 years was deported to Mexico after going to her regular check-in with immigration officials. Guadalupe García de Rayos had been convicted of using a fake Social Security number while working illegally in the United States. The Department of Homeland Security also announced on February 13 that ICE officers had arrested “more than 680 individuals who pose a threat to public safety, border security or the integrity of our nation’s immigration system.”   
Undocumented immigrants are also being trained on their rights and what to do in the event that an immigration agent confronts them. CASA, a Maryland-based organization that focuses on Latinos and immigrants, is conducting “Know Your Rights” trainings in Maryland, Washington D.C., and Virginia. The trainings are not new, but they’ve been put on “high speed again, starting immediately after the election,” said Maria Fernanda Durand, the communications manager at CASA. The trainings occur two or three times a week. There, attendees are advised not to open the door unless they’re presented an order of deportation and if so, to ask that it be placed under the door. “It has to contain the person’s name—the person that lives there—and if it doesn’t have that, then you’re not legally bound to open the door,” Durand said. The trainings run through other situations as well, such as being stopped by an officer on the street. “We’re also telling people to record anything they see… and make sure [they] call and let us know,” she added.
Peter Markowitz, a professor at Cardozo School of Law and director of the Kathryn O. Greenberg Immigration Justice Clinic, argues that some of the proclamations made in the memos overstep constitutional boundaries. “The massive expansion of extrajudicial deportations raises very, very serious constitutional questions about the limits of due process that those impose and I fully expect that there will be legal challenges coming to those as soon as they implement those provisions,” he said, referring to “expedited removal,” which under the Obama administration applied to an immigrant arrested within 100 miles of the border and in the country for 14 days or less.
The Trump administration is expanding the timeframe to up to two years and applying it across the United States. The American Civil Liberties Union sent out a statement earlier this week denouncing the memos. “These memos confirm that the Trump administration is willing to trample on due process, human decency, the well-being of our communities, and even protections for vulnerable children, in pursuit of a hyper-aggressive mass deportation policy,” said Omar Jadwat, the director of the ACLU’s Immigrants’ Rights Project.
The White House has dismissed accusations that it is engaging in mass deportations, which Trump had proposed on the campaign trail. On Tuesday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said the DHS memos “lay out the exact procedures to make sure that that subgroup of people who pose a threat to our nation because of a conviction or a violation of public safety or have a criminal record are adjudicated first and foremost.” And on Thursday, Kelly said “There will be no—repeat: no—mass deportations.”
Those comments are a departure from Trump’s harsh rhetoric on immigration and the criteria laid out in the executive order, but it isn’t the only time recently in which administration officials’ statements have been at odds with those of the president. This week, the president called the administration’s push to remove undocumented immigrants a “military operation.” Kelly contradicted this claim, saying there was “no use of military force in immigration operations.”
The mixed messages coming from the White House could pose a problem for immigration enforcement on the ground. “What Secretary Kelly says is the authoritative voice on this but when the president speaks out in ways that are not aligned with what his Cabinet members are saying that’s confusing for agents on the ground. It’s not helpful,” Meissner said.
How the plans will be implemented—and with what funding—still remains an open question. Until there’s a clear answer, millions of undocumented immigrants are left wondering what’s next.



ARTICLE
During his address at the Conservative Political Action Conference, Donald Trump touted his efforts to uphold campaign promises and doubled down on his attacks against the press. The president also signed an executive order that requires federal departments to appoint regulatory reform officers in an effort to remove “job-killing regulations.” The White House blocked a number of major news outlets from attending a press briefing, including CNN, The New York Times, Politico and The Los Angeles Times. The State Department, which has gone a month without holding its daily press briefings, announced that it will resume regular briefings in early March. The Department of Homeland Security posted a memo stating that it will start collecting proposals in March for the “design and build of several prototype wall structures in the vicinity of the United States border with Mexico.”
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

A Little Help?: CNN reports that the FBI refused a request from the White House to “knock down” media reports about the Trump team’s communications with Russia during the 2016 presidential campaign. That request may be in violation of agency guidelines.
‘How Do You Solve a Problem Like Ivanka?’: After the 2016 election, women’s magazines are coming to terms with a new reality: “They cannot continue to cover Ivanka as if she is solely a fashion mogul, or even a glamorous nonpolitical member of the first family.” (Marin Cogan, Politico)
‘The New Cold War’: The New Yorker takes a look back at U.S.-Russian relations and the geopolitical climate leading to Russia’s interference with the 2016 presidential election. Where do we go from here? (Evan Osnos, David Remnick, and Joshua Yaffa)
Meet Michael Anton: The former George W. Bush-era speechwriter and Machiavelli enthusiast penned a controversial essay in September detailing why Trump “needed” to be president. Now as a member of the National Security Council, Anton is in a unique position of power. (Tina Nguyen, Vanity Fair) 
Conflicted: Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner has expressed intentions to mitigate conflicts between his White House work and his business interests. But it’s still not clear “how he will recuse himself from government matters that could affect his own bank account.” (Justin Elliott and Al Shaw, ProPublica)
 
Unpresidented: In this short video, Molly Ball explains the similarities between the Tea Party movement in 2009 and the current wave of anti-Trump resistance. (Dan Lombroso and Alice Roth, The Atlantic)
This week, we asked you to share what efforts you think could help heal a polarized nation. Here are a few of the responses:
James Johnston emailed to say that education should be America’s first priority because “we are more segregated by education than race. Until we close that gap the condition will prevail.”
Richard Winchell had two suggestions: “1.  Term limits 2.  Non-partisan Electoral districts.”
David Deufel suggested that “personal encounters with others unlike us are best for growth.” Dolores Pap isn’t so hopeful: “I don’t want anything to do with Trump supporters! Lost cause, in other words! Maybe the next generation will do better.”
Thanks for responding, and stay tuned for next week’s Question of the Week contest.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
The White House’s admission that it asked the Federal Bureau of Investigation to publicly dispute stories in the New York Times describing contacts between the Trump campaign and Russian officials raises serious ethical questions, according to former Justice Department officials.
"It's quite inappropriate for anyone from the White House to have a contact with the FBI about a pending criminal investigation, that has been an established rule of the road, probably since Watergate," said Michael Bromwich, a former Department of Justice inspector general and director of the  Bureau of Ocean Energy Management under Obama. "When I was in the Department in the ‘90s, that was well understood to be an inviolable rule."
CNN reported on Thursday that the FBI had rejected a request from White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus to “publicly knock down media reports about communications between Donald Trump's associates and Russians known to US intelligence during the 2016 presidential campaign.” That communication would appear to violate ethical guidelines in place in one form or another since the Watergate Scandal, which led to the resignation of President Richard Nixon over his role in the coverup of the burglary of Democratic National Committee headquarters by Nixon operatives. Nixon had sought to block the FBI’s investigation into the break-in.
According to the latest version of those standards, issued in 2009 by then-Attorney General Eric Holder, “the Justice Department will advise the White House concerning pending or contemplated criminal or civil investigations or cases when-but only when-it is important for the performance of the President's duties and appropriate from a law enforcement perspective.”
There is an exception for when officials in public-affairs offices must communicate to, for example, prepare for an announcement in a big case: “This policy does not, however, prevent officials in the communications, public affairs, or press offices of the White House and the Department of Justice from communicating with each other to coordinate efforts.”
That exception would not appear to apply to a conversation between Priebus, the White House chief of staff, and Andrew McCabe, the FBI’s deputy director––or to a conversation touching on the substance of an investigation.
"The policy channels these communications through the White House counsel's office, which is the appropriate place, the White House counsel is a lawyer and knows how to handle these communications without interfering with ongoing investigations," said Amy Jeffress, a former counselor to the attorney general for national security and international matters. "It's important for the Department of Justice to be able to conduct investigations without political interference."
White House officials claim it was the FBI which first approached them on the matter. According to the Associated Press, “White House officials said it was the FBI that first raised concerns about the Times reporting but told Priebus the bureau could not weigh in publicly on the matter. The officials said McCabe and Comey instead gave Priebus the go-ahead to discredit the story publicly, something the FBI has not confirmed.” But that account raises further questions.
Responding to questions from the press on Friday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer confirmed the contacts on the record.
“We literally responded to what they came to us with and said, ‘OK, what are you going to do about it?” said Spicer. “Had we not done anything and just sat there, it would have been irresponsible and frankly malpractice.”
Bromwich said there was little doubt that the communications described by the White House in a briefing to reporters Friday morning constituted “inappropriate contact.”
"You don't want to have any political influence of any kind, any high level political influence, on any potential criminal investigation," said Bromwich. "It's inappropriate contact, and the reason those contacts are prohibited is because there is a risk of influence, or at a minimum, the risk of the appearance of influence, and so they are improper. There's really no gray area on this."
The administration’s account of the exchange also raises questions about the FBI’s conduct, because the White House claims that it was the FBI that raised the issue of The New York Times story. Speaking to The Guardian, former FBI Agent Mike German said that “It is illegal for an FBI employee to take information from an ongoing criminal investigation and share it with a potential witness or subject of that investigation. Obviously, if the justice department ultimately initiates a prosecution in this matter, this purported conversation would be exculpating evidence.”
In late October, FBI Director James Comey announced publicly that the bureau was looking into potentially new emails related to an investigation into Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. That search turned out to be fruitless, but the revelations, coming at the tail end of the presidential campaign, are widely believed to have affected the outcome of the 2016 election. The FBI’s conduct in that incident is currently under investigation by the FBI’s inspector general. Comey’s announcement also may have violated FBI guidelines against public disclosures that could impact a candidate close to an election.
"Just as it's inappropriate for anyone in the White House to reach out to the FBI comment on a pending criminal investigation, it's similarly inappropriate for anyone in the FBI to reach out to the White House to comment on a pending criminal investigation," said Bromwich. He added however, that there were reasons to doubt the administration’s account of events.
“The FBI knows the rules and is being circumspect and not commenting, the White House knows the FBI will be circumspect and not commenting, so theirs is the only story out there," Browmwich said. "I would be surprised that a top FBI official would broach a conversation of this sort."



ARTICLE
Two men made trouble—and stirred up a social-media frenzy—on the third day of the Conservative Political Action Conference by conducting a literal false-flag operation.
Jason Charter, 22, and Ryan Clayton, 36, passed out roughly 1,000 red, white, and blue flags, each bearing a gold-emblazoned “TRUMP” in the center, to an auditorium full of attendees waiting for President Trump to address the conference. Audience members waved the pennants—and took pictures with them—until CPAC staffers realized the trick: They were Russian flags.
The stunt made waves on social media, as journalists covering CPAC noticed the scramble to confiscate the insignia.

No joke, someone has been handing out Russian flags that say #Trump on them. And people are waving them.#CPAC2017 pic.twitter.com/CDZS5oEqyL
— Maya Shwayder (@MayaErgas) February 24, 2017


A section of people in the back of #CPAC2017 waving Russian flags -- a staffer just came and demanded they all be handed over. pic.twitter.com/mZVoVUqudn
— Tim Alberta (@TimAlberta) February 24, 2017

Clayton himself was photographed outside, holding up a larger version of the flag:

#CPAC pic.twitter.com/Hb8JUxVfIm
— Ali Rogin (@AliABCNews) February 24, 2017
“Most people didn’t realize it was a Russian flag, or they didn’t care,” Charter told me in a phone interview. He and Clayton had purchased tickets to CPAC for the day the president was scheduled to speak, and managed to disperse the flags with surprising ease among the crowd.
But the two wouldn’t call it a “false-flag” operation. “It’s true-flag operation,” Clayton told me over the phone, in a thick, mock Russian accent. “It show how Trump and Russia are so connected, they like peas in pod!” The CPAC stunt comes after a report from February 14 suggesting that Trump aides were in contact with Russian intelligence officials in the year before the U.S. presidential election. Trump himself has also praised Russian President Vladimir Putin on a number of occasions.
After the flag trick, Clayton was escorted from the premises, but Charter wasn’t booted until he stood up during Trump’s official remarks to accuse him of being a “fascist” and “Putin’s puppet.”
“And, I was banned from CPAC,” Charter said, sounding pleased. “I think there are multiple ways you can resist against Trump, and I think this is one way that’s extremely effective,” Charter said. In other words, he said, “It’s fun to have a joke sometimes in a very serious situation.”
The two are members of Americans Take Action, a self-proclaimed “resistance organization” whose website features a petition to impeach Trump and lists three priorities: restoring free and fair elections, creating a purpose-driven economy, and maintaining an open internet.
The group is relatively new, but it’s already been busy. In late January, Clayton, the organization’s president, and Charter infiltrated and attempted to film a private event held by James O’Keefe, a conservative provocateur and the leader of Project Veritas, Charter told me. The group also attempted to disrupt Trump’s inauguration by shouting lines from the Constitution during his inaugural address.
Its choice of O’Keefe as a target is a reminder that groups on both sides of the political spectrum frequently stage stunts like these in an effort to attract media coverage for their agendas, as Charter and Clayton successfully did on Friday.
“We will continue doing these actions until Trump is impeached,” an unrepentant Charter said.
“Remember,” Clayton added, still committed to the fake accent, “In Trump’s America, flag wave you!”



ARTICLE
For as loudly as Donald Trump complains about foreign trade, it’s hard to pin him to specifics. Does he prefer a 20 percent tariff on Mexican imports? Or a 45 percent tax on companies that move jobs overseas? Or… something else?
On Thursday, the president made his position a bit more clear. In an interview with Reuters, he praised a proposal by House Speaker Paul Ryan to broadly tax imports but remove taxes on exports, a core component of the Republican “Better Way” blueprint.
Ryan wants the “border adjustment” as part of a larger refactoring of the American tax code, something fiscal conservatives have sought for a long time. But Trump doesn’t appear to care about tax reform. He just wants domestic job growth.
From Reuters:

"It could lead to a lot more jobs in the United States," Trump told Reuters in an interview, using his most approving language to date on the proposal.

Trump sent conflicting signals about his position on the border adjustability tax in separate media interviews in January, saying in one interview that it was "too complicated" and in another that it was still on the table.   

Economists differ on the particulars of the border adjustment tax (known more precisely, but even less sexily, as the destination-based cash flow tax). Some people like it, and some don’t. Every expert I spoke with agreed on one point, however: If Trump is looking to make new jobs, this isn’t the way to do it. Indeed, he may be expecting the economically impossible.
My colleague Bourree Lam has written two good stories explaining the BAT, also known as Not A Tariff, and Michelle Cottle has covered the political fight. I’m also partial to this graphic from The Wall Street Journal, which lays out a series of hypotheticals and walks readers through the math.
Here’s my stab at describing the thing:
At first, this may seem unfair to importers.They have to pay a bunch of new taxes, and unless they’re selling things abroad, they’re stuck with all the old taxes, too. But for the millions of workers who saw their jobs go overseas, this could be exciting: Finally, those greedy corporations are getting their comeuppance. They thought they were saving money by moving production to Mexico? Now they have to pay up!
If the story ended here, that’d be correct, and the import tax would likely encourage American companies to manufacturing things domestically (and also raise prices dramatically). This is what Trump wants.
But it’s not over yet.
Kyle Pomerleau is the director of federal projects at the Tax Foundation, a nonpartisan think tank that sometime leans right. William Gale is co-director of the Tax Policy Center, a nonpartisan think tank that sometimes leans left. Leanings aside, both men agree on pretty much everything about the border adjustment tax, especially on one point—the tricky American dollar will ruin Trump’s plan.  
The dollar doesn’t have a fixed value—it goes up and down, relative to other currencies. And if Congress passes Ryan’s plan, most economists expect the value of the dollar to go up (for reasons just complicated enough to warrant skipping over here). This will make imports cheaper—cheap enough that the new tax doesn’t really matter.
“The way I think about it, the currency adjustment is paying the tax,” Pomerleau said.
“My view is that the exchange-rate adjustment will be relatively substantial and relatively quick,” Gale agreed.
At the same time, the stronger dollar makes the prospect of tax-free exports a bit less exciting. Sure, our Pennsylvania woodworker isn’t paying any taxes on his sales to Mexico—but since the dollar has appreciated in value against the peso, Mexican decorators can’t afford to buy as many tables. So the woodworker brings in less revenue.
In short, it’s a wash. To spur domestic manufacturing growth, Trump wants to put pressure on imports. But because of the floating U.S. dollar, Paul Ryan’s plan probably won’t give it to him. He’s barking up the wrong tree.
Not that economists particularly care. “It’s possible to support a good policy for a bad reason,” Pomerleau said.
Not everyone is convinced the Ryan proposal will work as planned. Right now, the retail industry is in a state of hyperventilation; a number of larger importers, including Walmart and Toyota, have joined a coalition opposing the plan. Many fear the promised currency re-evaluation might arrive too slowly, or never come at all, leaving importers with a crushing tax bill.
One man who holds this belief is Rick Helfenbein, the president and CEO of the American Apparel & Footwear Association. Helfenbein help create Le Tigre; before joining AAFA, he headed the U.S. operations of a major Asian clothing manufacturer. In all his years, he’s never seen the strength of the U.S. dollar as having much of an impact on his bottom line, largely because his supply chain always accepted American currency, and rarely dealt with local fiat.
“We buy in dollars, we live in dollars, we sleep in dollars,” he said. “I think in theory, [the economists] probably get it right. But in practicality, they’re probably getting it wrong. If you phase this in over a 10- or 20-year period, maybe the currencies would have time to adjust. But the way a Trump tweet works,” and here he laughs, “they’re going to want to do this tomorrow.”
So if the American dollar doesn’t bulk up as expected, what happens? Exporters might be happy—they’ll be able to move a lot of product with no taxes. But importers will take a bath, and America imports a lot of things. The first to be hit will be clothing brands—97 percent of all clothes and 98 percent of shoes are shipped in from abroad. Faced with a big tax bill, they’ll increase prices to compensate, which will bubble up to the retailers. Customers will buy fewer clothes, and maybe some stores will close, taking their jobs with them.
But that’s not all. A hefty proportion of imports go directly to American factories, who use them to make new things. A prime example is the auto industry, which relies extensively on Mexico for car parts. For every car built in the United States, a quarter of its parts were imported from outside the country; the Chevy Silverado alone gets more than half of its components from overseas. With those parts marked up because of the tax, cars themselves become more expensive—and workers risk losing their jobs when demand drops.
Economic theory says this won’t happen, because of the dollar’s flexibility. The GOP’s plan does contain other sweeteners, most prominently a cut in the corporate tax rate to 20 percent and changes to how businesses deduct equipment expenses. But either way, it’s hard to see how Trump wins. If Ryan’s proposal works as planned, the world economy’s relentless swerve toward equilibrium would make imports cheaper and erase any economic pressure to move jobs to America. And if the plan goes off the rails, the economy will likely be hit so hard that no one will be celebrating the fact that America is making stuff again.



ARTICLE
It was only two months ago that Governor Sam Brownback was offering up the steep tax cuts he enacted in Kansas as a model for President Trump to follow. Yet by the time Republicans in Congress get around to tax reform, Brownback’s fiscal plan could be history—and it’ll be his own party that kills it.
The GOP-controlled legislature in Kansas nearly reversed the conservative governor’s tax cuts on Tuesday, as a coalition of Democrats and newly-elected centrist Republicans came within a few votes of overriding Brownback’s veto of legislation to raise income-tax rates and eliminate an exemption for small businesses that blew an enormous hole in the state’s budget. Brownback’s tax cuts survive for now, but lawmakers and political observers view the surprising votes in the state House and Senate as a strong sign that the five-year-old policy will be substantially erased in a final budget deal this spring. Kansas legislators must close a $346 million deficit by June, and years of borrowing and quick fixes have left them with few remaining options aside from tax hikes or deep spending cuts to education that could be challenged in court. The tax bill would have raised revenues by more than $1 billion over two years.
The Brownback blowback has been a long time coming. Though he won reelection in 2014, the governor has presided over one budget mess after another since then, and all but his staunchest conservative allies have blamed the crisis on reductions in personal tax rates and a provision that exempted 330,000 owners of small businesses from paying income taxes. Brownback has resisted efforts to undo the policies, preferring instead to raise taxes on tobacco, fuel, and other consumer goods. His relationship with Republicans in the legislature deteriorated, and in primary and general elections last year, a wave of Democrats and centrist Republicans defeated many of the conservatives who had stood by him.
The GOP may retain a majority in both chambers, but Brownback most definitely does not. “What we’re having is a standoff with the governor holding on to the old days where he had all these people elected,” said Senator Barbara Bollier, a moderate Republican who voters promoted from the state House last year. “They aren’t there anymore, and he can’t let go and follow the will of the people.”
As for Brownback’s legacy, Bollier said: “It’s going down in flames.”
The governor has fiercely defended the tax cuts, arguing that they stimulated job creation while it was the decline in oil and agriculture prices—the “rural recession,” as he calls it—that caused the budget shortfall. “They worked!” Brownback told my colleague Emma Green at the D.C. March for Life last month when she asked if he regretted signing the tax policies in 2011 and 2012. “The target of the tax cuts was job creation and new business formation. That was the target. And that it has done,” the governor said. “We’ve had record new business filings in Kansas and we hit record employment last year in spite of a commodity crisis.”
“The left media lies about the tax cuts all the time,” Brownback added. (His critics note that Kansas still lagged behind all but five other states in job growth last year.)
But it’s no longer merely journalists or even elected Democrats who criticize the governor in Kansas. Many Republicans have turned on him, too. When I spoke to Bollier and another GOP state lawmaker, Representative Stephanie Clayton, by phone on Thursday, both of them brought up the governor’s unpopularity without prompting. “The people can’t stand him here,” Clayton told me.
The backlash against Brownback is extending far beyond tax policy. The Kansas House this week passed bills to restore teacher tenure and expand Medicaid, and it blocked an amendment to deprive state funds to Planned Parenthood—a longtime target of the governor and other conservatives. The measures still face hurdles making it into law, but their approval by wide margins in a chamber controlled by Republicans illustrates just how much the political terrain has shifted away from the staunch conservatives who won decisive victories in 2010 and 2012. “All of those had been way off the agenda for the last four years,” said Burdett Loomis, a political scientist at the University of Kansas. “Basically the far right had controlled the legislature for the last four years, and now it’s back to a moderate Republican-Democratic coalition, which is the way it operated in the ’80s, the ’90s and into the 2000s.”
The stakes for Brownback’s fiscal policy were always high, because the governor himself had set them there. The original tax plan, he said, was a “real live experiment” in conservative fiscal policy—the kind small-government Republicans in Washington had dreamed about but had never fully implemented. The goal in Kansas was to phase out the income tax entirely over time in favor of levies on consumption. As revenues shrunk, so, too, would the size of government.
But the revenues dropped immediately, and dramatically—much faster than legislators could, or would want to, cut spending. The income tax had accounted for 50 percent of the state’s revenue, said Haley Pollock of the group Kansas Action for Children, which is part of a coalition pushing to reverse Brownback’s tax cuts. “When his tax plan went into effect, there was an immediate structural revenue imbalance,” she said. What followed were nine rounds of budget cuts over four years, three credit downgrades, missed state payments, and an ongoing atmosphere of fiscal crisis. “It’s really hard to argue that the income tax cuts weren't the source of our problems when most of our problems started at the same time that they took effect,” Pollock said.
Voters began to take notice, particularly when the budget ax fell on core state functions like education and the upkeep of roads and bridges. They reelected Brownback after a stiff challenge in 2014, but rank-and-file Republicans rebuked him by ousting his legislative allies two years later. “All of a sudden they realize, ‘Well you know what? We want government,’” Clayton told me. “People in Kansas tend to want the trains to run on time, proverbially. And they're not, because we cut too much.”
With encouragement from Trump, Republicans in Congress are drafting the most far-reaching tax reform in 30 years, built around cutting rates for individuals and businesses. Party leaders insist, as Brownback did, that the tax cuts will pay for themselves through larger economic growth. But Democrats and many economists say the plan would explode a deficit that’s already trending back up toward $1 trillion.
There’s a lesson in the Kansas experience, Clayton said, for Republicans in Washington, where the party has built a majority in the U.S. House that has, because of gerrymandering and poor Democratic turnout, seemed impenetrable. “The real example here is that the voters will get angry with you, and it doesn’t matter how solid-red your state is,” Clayton said. “If your voters get angry, then they will throw you out. And if you don’t run government functionally, they will go to the polls and get rid of you.”
Emma Green contributed reporting.



ARTICLE
During joint remarks with White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus at the Conservative Political Action Conference, chief strategist Steve Bannon listed the “deconstruction of the administrative state” as one of the Trump administration’s priorities. Richard Spencer, the founder of the self-proclaimed “alt-right” movement, was kicked out of CPAC after the event’s organizer called the alt-right a “hateful, left-wing fascist group.” Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said there will be “no use of military force in immigration operations” after Trump called his administration’s effort to remove undocumented immigrants “a military operation.” Speaking at a health conference in Orlando, former House Speaker John Boehner said repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act is “not going to happen.” White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer suggested there will be “greater enforcement” of the federal marijuana law under the Trump administration.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.
Ivanka’s New Mission: The first daughter is lobbying Congress to include a tax deduction for child-care expenses, but critics don’t expect it to get far: The proposal “would favor wealthier families with two working parents” and cost up to $500 billion. (Sahil Kapur, Shannon Pettypiece, and Stephanie Baker, Bloomberg)
Meanwhile, in Foggy Bottom: The State Department has gone a full month without conducting its daily press briefings, and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has “been notably absent from White House meetings with foreign leaders.” Is disarray in the White House reflecting on the department? (Carol Morello and Anne Gearan, The Washington Post)
Inside the Tower: New York spoke with a few of the “thousands of New Yorkers living in Trump-branded towers that span the city from Soho to the Upper West Side” to learn what it’s like to be a resident. (Nick Tabor)
Question and Answer: On Wednesday, the Trump administration rescinded Obama-era guidelines on how schools should accommodate transgender students based on their gender identity. NPR answers five questions about what this action means for transgender students around the country. (Anya Kamenetz and Cory Turner)
The New Age: A new intellectual journal called American Affairs has launched and “it’s ready to explore the meaning and shape of American nationalism in the age of Trump.” The political climate has shifted since the founding of earlier policy journals, which means the new publication will play a different role from its predecessors. (Damon Linker, The Week)
 
Oh, Dam: Earlier this month, residents living near the massive Oroville Dam were evacuated after damage to a spillway. These maps show that aging infrastructure isn’t just a problem in California. (Troy Griggs, Gregor Aisch, and Sarah Almukhtar, The New York Times)
After a visit to the National Museum of African American History, President Trump pledged to “bring this country together.” What's an effort you've seen in your community—or one you've participated in yourself—that you think could help heal a polarized nation?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
OXON HILL, Md. — White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and chief strategist Steve Bannon want it to be known that they are on the same page.
But a joint appearance at the Conservative Political Action Conference on Thursday only served to further highlight the contrast between Priebus’s pragmatic establishment views with Bannon’s in-your-face nationalism. Their joint interview onstage at CPAC was notable, also, for the fact that Bannon rarely delivers public remarks.
Priebus and Bannon have been pushing back on the narrative that they helm two warring factions in the Trump White House: a pragmatic, establishment wing represented by Priebus, and an aggressively ideological wing spearheaded by Bannon. The two gave a joint interview to New York magazine recently in which they joked about giving each other back rubs, and Bannon, the former chairman of Breitbart News, pushed back heavily on a recent report in his former website that blamed Priebus for many of the administration’s problems, including the botched travel-ban rollout, telling me the story was “absurd” and reportedly yelling at the author of the story.
While a suit-clad Priebus offered standard fare about taxes and regulation, Bannon, in khakis and no tie, went in a different direction. His appearance was a reminder of how unusual it is that Bannon, whose career in politics thus far had consisted of aggressive opposition not just to the left but to establishment Republicans in Priebus’s mold, has ascended in such a short period of time to the highest levels of power in the White House.
Bannon began by calling attention to his outsider status, thanking American Conservative Union chairman Matt Schlapp, who was moderating the conversation, for “finally inviting me to CPAC.” (Bannon and Breitbart had in the past held an event called “The Uninvited” outside CPAC, featuring speakers who were not included in CPAC’s program, like anti-Muslim activist Frank Gaffney.)
He listed the administration’s top three priorities as national security and sovereignty, “economic nationalism,” and the “deconstruction of the administrative state.”
Priebus framed his relationship with Bannon as a microcosm of the Trump movement’s incorporation into the Republican Party, saying Trump “brought together the party and the conservative movement. And I've got to tell you, if the party and conservative movement are together, similar to Steve and I, it can't be stopped.”
Both Bannon and Priebus stayed on message when it came to another top priority of this White House: discrediting the media.
Asked what the biggest misconception had been about the administration so far, Priebus said “in regards to us two, I think the biggest misconception is everything that you’re reading.” He lamented the media’s coverage of Trump during the campaign, referring dismissively to media speculation about “what controversy in the primary is going to take down President Trump.” (As Republican National Committee chairman, Priebus reportedly encouraged Trump to drop out of the race after the release of the Access Hollywood tape in which Trump was recorded boasting about groping women.)
Bannon, as is his wont, went further, repeatedly calling the media the “opposition party,” a term he started using in an interview with The New York Times last month. He denounced the “corporatist, globalist media adamantly opposed to an economic nationalist agenda like Donald Trump has.”
“If you think they are giving you your country back without a fight, you are sadly mistaken,” Bannon said.
He complained that the press isn’t offering an accurate picture of Trump’s efforts. “If you look at the opposition party and how they portray the campaign, how they portrayed the transition, and how they are portraying the administration, it's always wrong,” Bannon said.
The media outlet that Bannon ran for years, Breitbart News, is a sponsor of CPAC this year, and its staff are scheduled to appear on several panels during the conference.



ARTICLE
In their districts this week, Republican members of Congress are facing pushback from angry town-hall crowds over the potential repeal of the Affordable Care Act. Some lawmakers are offering up a degree of sympathy in response, whether by defending the right to protest or attempting to convince voters they understand their concerns.
Republican Senator Tom Cotton told an agitated town hall audience in Arkansas on Wednesday that he wouldn’t deny that “Obamacare has helped many Arkansans,” after a woman said the law saved her life. When another woman insisted she wasn’t a “paid protester,” the senator tried to reassure the crowd that wasn’t a charge he planned to make: “You’re all Arkansans and I’m glad to hear from you,” he said. “Thank you to everyone for coming out tonight, whether you agree with me or disagree with me. This is part of what our country is all about.”
Other Republican lawmakers have gone even further in making clear over the past week that they believe the people showing up at town halls and expressing alarm over the possibility of Obamacare repeal are genuine and should be listened to.
“This wasn’t an artificial crowd. It wasn’t manufactured. It was real people with real concerns in terms of what came next on healthcare,” GOP Representative Mark Sanford of South Carolina told CNN after holding a town hall of his own lasting almost four hours over the weekend.
In Iowa, Republican Senator Chuck Grassley told reporters on Tuesday that “it’s all legitimate,” as he too faced questioning at town halls over the fate of the healthcare law. “If Hillary Clinton had been elected president, there’d be people from the conservative end of the spectrum [who would] probably be doing the same thing.”
Those acknowledgements might not be enough to allay the fears of people worried that they might lose health coverage if the Affordable Care Act is repealed. But they mark a contrast with the way the White House has characterized the protest and agitation taking place, and also appear to be a departure from how some Republican lawmakers talked about the activism at town halls when they first started generating national headlines earlier this month.
After video footage of an agitated crowd in Utah chanting “Do your job!” at House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz went viral, the GOP congressman went on the defensive. Suggesting that people at his town hall were not acting in good faith, Chaffetz said that what happened was “bullying and an attempt at intimidation.” The Deseret News reported that Chaffetz claimed that the protestors “included people brought in from other states to disrupt the meeting.”
The White House has also attempted to downplay the crowds. During a press conference last week, President Trump seemed to dismiss protesters by arguing that they aren’t residents of the lawmakers’ districts. “They fill up our rallies with people that you wonder how they get there, but they’re not the Republican people that our representatives are representing,” he said. On Tuesday, he tweeted: “The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numbers cases, planned out by liberal activists.”
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer acknowledged during a press briefing earlier this week that “some people are clearly upset,” but similarly suggested the activism may not accurately reflect the sentiment of the lawmakers’ constituents. “There is a bit of professional protestor, manufactured base in there,” he said. “It is a loud, small group of people, disrupting something in many cases for media attention.”
In states across the country, liberal activists are taking a page out of the Tea Party playbook to help organize turnout at town hall events. Some of those activists are following guidelines that draw inspiration from Tea Party tactics as a way to put pressure on members of Congress and generate headlines, explicitly recommending that activists “reach out to media, during and after the town hall.” Still, that doesn’t necessarily mean the people voicing concern at town halls are exclusively liberal activists. CNN’s Eric Bradner and MJ Lee, meanwhile, have reported that there’s “no evidence” of paid protesters.
It’s too early to say what kind of impact the town hall protests might have, if much at all, beyond energizing liberal activists. The extent to which voter dissatisfaction is or isn’t widespread is also difficult to gauge from protest alone. This week, a Pew Research Center survey found that most Republican voters have a favorable view of Trump and trust the president more than GOP leaders in Congress.
Even if some GOP lawmakers adopt a sympathetic tone toward angry town hall crowds, that isn’t necessarily an indication that they’re changing course. When Cotton told the crowd on Wednesday that he wouldn’t deny Obamacare has helped people in the state of Arkansas, he quickly added it has also “hurt many Arkansans.”
And some Republican lawmakers have voiced frustration at events. “If all you want to do is vent, this will not be profitable,” Republican Senator Bill Cassidy said during a Louisiana town hall on Wednesday amid shouts and yelling. Later, the senator lamented to reporters: “The unfortunate thing is there was so much common ground that they would not listen to,” adding “unfortunately, people came in with their prejudices, and with their prejudice, they would not listen.”
But Cassidy defended the right to protest. “I assume they’re Americans who care about our country,” he told Gambit, a Louisiana newspaper, after the event, dismissing the possibility that people in the room were paid protestors. He added: “They’re coming out with their Constitutionally protected right to assemble and speak. And isn’t that a good thing!”



ARTICLE
In 2011, I was hired, straight out of college, to work at the White House and eventually the National Security Council. My job there was to promote and protect the best of what my country stands for. I am a hijab-wearing Muslim woman––I was the only hijabi in the West Wing––and the Obama administration always made me feel welcome and included.
Like most of my fellow American Muslims, I spent much of 2016 watching with consternation as Donald Trump vilified our community. Despite this––or because of it––I thought I should try to stay on the NSC staff during the Trump Administration, in order to give the new president and his aides a more nuanced view of Islam, and of America's Muslim citizens.
I lasted eight days.
When Trump issued a ban on travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries and all Syrian refugees, I knew I could no longer stay and work for an administration that saw me and people like me not as fellow citizens, but as a threat.
The evening before I left, bidding farewell to some of my colleagues, many of whom have also since left, I notified Trump’s senior NSC communications adviser, Michael Anton, of my departure, since we shared an office. His initial surprise, asking whether I was leaving government entirely, was followed by silence––almost in caution, not asking why. I told him anyway.
I told him I had to leave because it was an insult walking into this country’s most historic building every day under an administration that is working against and vilifying everything I stand for as an American and as a Muslim. I told him that the administration was attacking the basic tenets of democracy. I told him that I hoped that they and those in Congress were prepared to take responsibility for all the consequences that would attend their decisions.
He looked at me and said nothing.
It was only later that I learned he authored an essay under a pseudonym, extolling the virtues of authoritarianism and attacking diversity as a “weakness,” and Islam as “incompatible with the modern West.”
My whole life and everything I have learned proves that facile statement wrong.
My parents immigrated to the United States from Bangladesh in 1978 and strove to create opportunities for their children born in the states. My mother worked as a cashier, later starting her own daycare business. My father spent late nights working at Bank of America, and was eventually promoted to assistant vice president at one of its headquarters. Living the American dream, we’d have family barbecues, trips to Disney World, impromptu soccer or football games, and community service projects. My father began pursuing his Ph.D., but in 1995 he was killed in a car accident.
I was 12 when I started wearing a hijab. It was encouraged in my family, but it was always my choice. It was a matter of faith, identity, and resilience for me. After 9/11, everything would change. On top of my shock, horror, and heartbreak, I had to deal with the fear some kids suddenly felt towards me. I was glared at, cursed at, and spat at in public and in school. People called me a “terrorist” and told me, “go back to your country.”
My father taught me a Bengali proverb inspired by Islamic scripture: “When a man kicks you down, get back up, extend your hand, and call him brother.” Peace, patience, persistence, respect, forgiveness, and dignity. These were the values I’ve carried through my life and my career.
I never intended to work in government. I was among those who assumed the government was inherently corrupt and ineffective. Working in the Obama White House proved me wrong. You can’t know or understand what you haven’t been a part of.
Still, inspired by President Obama, I joined the White House in 2011, after graduating from the George Washington University. I had interned there during my junior year, reading letters and taking calls from constituents at the Office of Presidential Correspondence. It felt surreal––here I was, a 22-year-old American Muslim woman from Maryland who had been mocked and called names for covering my hair, working for the president of the United States.
In 2012, I moved to the West Wing to join the Office of Public Engagement, where I worked with various communities, including American Muslims, on domestic issues such as health care. In early 2014, Deputy National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes offered me a position on the National Security Council (NSC). For two and a half years I worked down the hall from the Situation Room, advising President Obama’s engagements with American Muslims, and working on issues ranging from advancing relations with Cuba and Laos to promoting global entrepreneurship among women and youth.
A harsher world began to reemerge in 2015. In February, three young American Muslim students were killed in their Chapel Hill home by an Islamophobe. Both the media and administration were slow to address the attack, as if the dead had to be vetted before they could be mourned. It was emotionally devastating. But when a statement was finally released condemning the attack and mourning their loss, Rhodes took me aside to to tell me how grateful he was to have me there and wished there were more American Muslims working throughout government.  America’s government and decision-making should reflect its people.
Later that month, the evangelist Franklin Graham declared that the government had “been infiltrated by Muslims.” One of my colleagues sought me out with a smile on his face and said, “If only he knew they were in the halls of the West Wing and briefed the president of the United States multiple times!” I thought: Damn right I’m here, exactly where I belong, a proud American dedicated to protecting and serving my country.
Graham’s hateful provocations weren’t new. Over the Obama years, right-wing websites spread  an abundance of absurd conspiracy theories and lies, targeting some American Muslim organizations and individuals––even those of us serving in government. They called us “terrorists,” Sharia-law whisperers, or Muslim Brotherhood operatives. Little did I realize that some of these conspiracy theorists would someday end up in the White House.
Over the course of the campaign, even when I was able to storm through the bad days, I realized the rhetoric was taking a toll on American communities. When Trump first called for a Muslim ban, reports of hate crimes against Muslims spiked. The trend of anti-Muslim hate crimes is ongoing, as mosques are set on fire and individuals attacked––six were killed at a mosque in Canada by a self-identified Trump supporter.
Throughout 2015 and 2016, I watched with disbelief, apprehension, and anxiety, as Trump’s style of campaigning instigated fear and emboldened xenophobes, anti-Semites, and Islamophobes. While cognizant of the possibility of Trump winning, I hoped a majority of the electorate would never condone such a hateful and divisive worldview.
During the campaign last February, Obama visited a Baltimore mosque and reminded the public that “we’re one American family, and when any part of our family starts to feel separate … It’s a challenge to our values.” His words would go unheeded by his successor.
The climate in 2016 felt like it did just after 9/11. What made it worse was that this fear and hatred were being fueled by Americans in positions of power. Fifth-grade students at a local Sunday school where I volunteered shared stories of being bullied by classmates and teachers, feeling like they didn’t belong here anymore, and asked if they might get kicked out of this country if Trump won. I was almost hit by a car by a white man laughing as he drove by in a Costco parking lot, and on another occasion was followed out of the metro by a man screaming profanities: “Fuck you! Fuck Islam! Trump will send you back!”  
Then, on election night, I was left in shock.
The morning after the election, we lined up in the West Colonnade as Obama stood in the Rose Garden and called for national unity and a smooth transition. Trump seemed the antithesis of everything we stood for. I felt lost. I could not fully grasp the idea that he would soon be sitting where Obama sat.
I debated whether I should leave my job. Since I was not a political appointee, but a direct hire of the NSC, I had the option to stay. The incoming and now departed national security adviser, Michael Flynn, had said things like “fear of Muslims is rational.” Some colleagues and community leaders encouraged me to stay, while others expressed concern for my safety. Cautiously optimistic, and feeling a responsibility to try to help them continue our work and be heard, I decided that Trump's NSC could benefit from a colored, female, hijab-wearing, American Muslim patriot.
The weeks leading up to the inauguration prepared me and my colleagues for what we thought would come, but not for what actually came. On Monday, January 23, I walked into the Eisenhower Executive Office Building, with the new staffers there. Rather than the excitement I encountered when I first came to the White House under Obama, the new staff looked at me with a cold surprise. The diverse White House I had worked in became a monochromatic and male bastion.
The days I spent in the Trump White House were strange, appalling and disturbing. As one staffer serving since the Reagan administration said, “This place has been turned upside down. It’s chaos. I’ve never witnessed anything like it.” This was not typical Republican leadership, or even that of a businessman. It was a chaotic attempt at authoritarianism––legally questionable executive orders, accusations of the press being “fake,” peddling countless lies as “alternative facts,” and assertions by White House surrogates that the president’s national security authority would “not be questioned.”
The entire presidential support structure of nonpartisan national security and legal experts within the White House complex and across federal agencies was being undermined. Decision-making authority was now centralized to a few in the West Wing. Frustration and mistrust developed as some staff felt out of the loop on issues within their purview. There was no structure or clear guidance. Hallways were eerily quiet as key positions and offices responsible for national security or engagement with Americans were left unfilled.
I might have lasted a little longer. Then came January 30. The executive order banning travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries caused chaos, without making America any safer. Discrimination that has existed for years at airports was now legitimized, sparking mass protests, while the president railed against the courts for halting his ban. Not only was this discrimination and un-American, the administration’s actions defending the ban threatened the nation’s security and its system of checks and balances.
Alt-right writers, now on the White House staff, have claimed that Islam and the West are at war with each other. Disturbingly, ISIS also makes such claims to justify their attacks, which for the most part target Muslims. The Administration’s plans to revamp the Countering Violent Extremism program to focus solely on Muslims and use terms like “radical Islamic terror,” legitimize ISIS propaganda and allow the dangerous rise of white-supremacist extremism to go unchecked.
Placing U.S. national security in the hands of people who think America’s diversity is a “weakness” is dangerous. It is false.
People of every religion, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender, and age pouring into the streets and airports to defend the rights of their fellow Americans over the past few weeks proved the opposite is true––American diversity is a strength, and so is the American commitment to ideals of  justice and equality.
American history is not without stumbles, which have proven that the nation is only made more prosperous and resilient through struggle, compassion and inclusiveness. It’s why my parents came here. It’s why I told my former 5th grade students, who wondered if they still belonged here, that this country would not be great without them.



ARTICLE
Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill, who is up for reelection in the red state of Missouri in 2018, recently told a St. Louis radio host she may face a primary challenge. “I may have a primary because there is, in our party now, some of the same kind of enthusiasm at the base that the Republican Party had with the Tea Party,” she said during an interview earlier this month. “Many of those people are very impatient with me because they don’t think I’m pure,” she added.
As the Democratic Party contemplates what’s next in the wake of its defeat in the presidential election, liberals may have to decide what matters more: Building a big tent party where far-left voters and moderate centrists can co-exist even if they occasionally disagree on policy and strategy, or focusing on the demands of the party’s progressive base, potentially creating a more like-minded and ideologically rigid coalition in the process.
In an effort to persuade Democrats to embrace a big-tent strategy, Third Way, a center-left think tank, argues in a new report that voters aren’t necessarily rigidly attached to a particular party, and might be won over as a result. The report, titled “Why Demography Does Not Equal Destiny,” concludes that demographic change in the United States won’t deliver Democrats a winning electoral coalition by default, but that there are still opportunities for the party to convince Americans to vote for Democratic candidates even if they haven’t always done so in the past.
“There are definitely persuadable voters out there and the question we should be asking right now is: ‘Who can be persuaded to embrace our vision of the future?’” report co-author Lanae Erickson Hatalsky of Third Way said in an interview. “The idea that there was this rising electorate that would automatically deliver progressive victories wooed us away from doing the hard work of trying to find common ground with people since it seemed easier to just find people who agreed with us.”
Erickson Hatalsky argues that voting trends suggest that some voters swing back and forth between the two parties rather than remain consistently loyal to one party or the other. For example, hundreds of counties across the United States flipped from voting for Barack Obama in the 2012 presidential election to voting for Trump in 2016. Some congressional districts also delivered victory for Trump while at the same time reelecting Democratic members of Congress, like Cheri Bustos in Illinois and Matt Cartwright in Pennsylvania.
“There are clearly people out there who have not decided that they vote for only one party,” Erickson Hatalsky said. “I think that’s hopeful because it indicates that if the Democratic Party takes the time to listen to what it is that these people are looking for, we may be able to expand our coalition.”
The report notes that there has been a rise in the number of voters who identify as independent in recent years, and suggests that they could be a potential target for the Democratic Party. Some political scientists, however, maintain that independent voters are really partisans in disguise—people who may not want to publicly identify as a Republican or a Democrat, but nevertheless consistently vote for candidates of a particular party. Third Way has challenged this conclusion, and does so in the report by tracking how independents have swung as a voting bloc back-and-forth between voting for Democrats to Republicans in presidential elections dating back to 1976.
“Independents lean toward one party or another, and vote for that party, over shorter time horizons, but this trend shows that over longer time horizons partisan loyalties are not fixed in place for independent voters,” Erickson Hatalsky said.
But what if there isn’t a significant number of voters available for Democrats to win over or win back? What if, instead, the partisan battle lines are now firmly entrenched, and spending time, energy, and effort trying to change hearts and minds proves to be a losing proposition for the party?
Alan Abramowitz, a political scientist at Emory University, is skeptical that Democrats can significantly grow their base by converting large numbers of either Republicans or Trump voters. He believes Democrats would be more effective if they focused on increasing turnout of core Democratic constituencies, such as African American, Hispanic, and younger voters.
“There’s a reason why campaigns are devoting more and more resources trying to energize the base rather than trying to persuade people. It’s because trying to persuade people is extremely difficult in this day and age,” Abramowitz said in an interview. “That’s not to say there won’t ever be any movement back and forth between parties,” he added, “but I just don’t see there being any large number of movable voters.”  
Abramowitz notes that looking back at the voting behavior of independents spanning the past several decades may fail to adequately recognize that party loyalties are much stronger today than in the 1970s and 80s. Instead, he points to increasing ideological division among voters in recent years and what he calls “negative partisanship”—a phenomenon whereby animosity toward the opposing party becomes a driving factor behind how a person decides to vote—to argue that there likely isn’t a significant number of voters up for grabs.
Erickson Hatalsky acknowledges “there’s little evidence to suggest there’s a whole swath of Democratic voters sitting at home who are just waiting to come out if we excite them.” But, she added, “if we are going to build a progressive coalition that can dig Democrats out of their hole at the state and local level and get them back into the White House, we can’t write people off either. Voters who went for Obama and then Trump cannot be deemed unreachable for Democrats, and neither can voters in states that voted for Trump, but have continued to elect Democrats to Congress. To do so, is to accept permanent status as a coastal, urban, powerless party.”
As the centrist wing of the Democratic party attempts to make its case, it will have to contend with an increasingly restive progressive base. A wave of protests across the country—including the Women’s March and rallies in opposition to the first iteration of President Trump’s travel ban—seem to have convinced at least some Democrats in Congress to become increasingly uncompromising in their opposition to the president’s priorities. Progressives are also organizing in the aftermath of the election with the explicit aim of launching primary challenges against Democrats they deem not rigid enough in their opposition to Trump.
If centrist Democrats want to ensure that the Democratic Party embraces a big-tent strategy, they will need to convince skeptical voters of the merits of the party. They  may also need to convince progressive members of their own party of the merits of that strategy. And that could be a difficult task. Some progressive groups view Third Way’s centrist political ambitions as emblematic of the type of establishment politics they believe failed the Democratic Party during the presidential election, and are likely to push back on, or outright reject, whatever the think tank suggests as a result.
But perhaps the most salient challenge for Democrats all across the partisan spectrum will be whether they can accept political reality—whatever that may be—and what it dictates about the future of the political left, even if it contradicts their own vision of what the party should look like.



ARTICLE
Last month, David Gelernter, the pioneering Yale University computer scientist, met with Donald Trump to discuss the possibility of joining the White House staff. An article about the meeting in The Washington Post was headlined, “David Gelernter, fiercely anti-intellectual computer scientist, is being eyed for Trump’s science adviser.”
It is hard to imagine a more misleading treatment.
By one common definition, anti-intellectualism is “hostility towards and mistrust of intellect, intellectuals, and intellectual pursuits, usually expressed as the derision of education, philosophy, literature, art, and science, as impractical and contemptible.”
Here is the exchange that I had with Gelernter when I reached out to ask if he would be interested in discussing the substance of his views on science, politics and culture.
Conor Friedersdorf: The Founding era had as significant a scientist and inventor as Benjamin Franklin playing major parts in the revolution and experiment in self-government.
What might a science advisor offer elected officials today?
David Gelernter: I think the lesson of Franklin is not that a science advisor can tell you all sorts of things about government and diplomacy and human nature, but that thoughtful people are almost never defined by a pre-existing intellectual shoe-box.  The best scientists aren't the dedicated drudges who have no other interests.  The best take after Newton, Einstein and tens of thousands of lesser lights in their devotion to science and other things too. As a scientist handing out advice on the study of science, something I do as a college teacher, one of my main messages is that you can't be an educated human being on the basis of science alone; another main message is that, sometimes, you can't even be a scientist or technologist on the basis of science alone.
If I were loosely gathering topics of study into categories, I might call them arts, religion, scholarship, and science. As important as scholarship and science are, arts and religion are more important. Those were my main goals (my wife’s, too) in educating our two boys, who are now both in their 20s. Arts and religion define, in a sense, a single spectrum rather than two topics. And this spectrum is where you find mankind's deepest attempts to figure out what's going on in the universe. A student who doesn't know the slow movement of Schubert's B-flat major op post sonata, or the story of David and Absalom, needs to go back to school and learn better.
The best scientists are often the ones who are plainest about their non-scientific interests. Feynman's intro physics books are the best of all physics intros in part because he talks freely about beauty: Here's a beautiful theorem. Here's a beautiful fact. My own small contributions to software were guided at every step by my search for beautiful design. More important, as I argue in my recent book on the spectrum of consciousness: who knows most about the human mind? Today it's John Coetzee, Philip Roth, Cynthia Ozick. That’s why the book turns to novelists and poets at least as often as to neurobiologists and psychologists. I've had far more sustained, intense reaction to my one novel (1939) than to anything else I've published.
The short stories I've published over the years in Commentary have been read by maybe six people each; but the reaction from readers of those stories, in seriousness, intelligence, and depth, swamps the reaction to any science, tech, or political piece I've published.
Friedersdorf: One of the few newspaper columns that has stuck with me for years is Charles Krauthammer's meditation on Fermi's Paradox and what he calls “the high probability that advanced civilizations destroy themselves.” This is a fear Baby Boomers associate with nuclear weapons. How do those products of  the World War II era compare to other advances in technology that stoke existential worries? I am thinking of the people who worry about AI risk, or warn that we're on the cusp of greatly expanding the number of people who can engineer a low-cost bio-weapon, or perhaps something entirely beyond my knowledge. The pessimist in me worries that advances in science and technology are always outpacing our ability or inclination to guard against their destructive potential. Is there something beyond nuclear-weapons policy that presidents should be doing to lessen the chance of humanity destroying itself?
Gelernter: Charles Krauthammer runs to pessimism, and I think he has this wrong—in fact backwards. The striking thing is that Stalin had the bomb and Mao had the bomb and neither ever used it. If both of those mass-murdering thug-tyrants were able to restrain themselves, it's not too surprising that their successors did too. You worry that "advances in science and technology are always outpacing our ability or inclination to guard against them,” but it seems to me that this is exactly what hasn't happened.
The U.S. and our allies have escaped nuclear, chemical, and bio attacks not because of the humane ideals of our enemies, but because we devote huge energy and effort to defense, and to our own mass-destruction weapons. Of course terrorists would love to murder huge numbers of westerners, and chemical weapons and perhaps some kinds of bio-weapons are easier to acquire and handle than nuclear weapons; and terrorists don't have hostage states and populations like a Stalin or Mao. But we have to assume that the terrorists have been trying this sort of attack since at least October 2001.
What's amazing isn't that they nearly always fail but that occasionally, on a small but tragic scale, they succeed. If you think about it, they have men willing to die for the cause but so do we—every American infantryman, every front-line soldier of the U.S. and our allies has put his life on the line; and our police, FBI and their allies do it routinely, too.  We don't call them suicide fighters, we call them brave, patriotic, big-hearted Americans—or British, French, Israelis—but that doesn't change the facts.  
And our soldiers are about 1,000 years further along in technology, much better-trained and equipped, and fighting for their homes and families, and freedom, which are better causes than medieval tyranny, the annihilation of Jews and Christians, and the enslavement of women—not the most inspiring ideas to fight and die for.
I find it amazing that there's so little discussion and analysis of where Mideast terrorism came from. When I was a child, Israel faced mortal danger every day, but Israel-hating terrorists didn't care much about the West in general. What happened? We know exactly what. Jimmy Carter let the Shah fall and let Khomeini replace him. It was one of the stupidest moves in modern history; it's caused unspeakable suffering in Iran and throughout the Middle East. What have we learned?
To lessen the chances of mankind destroying itself, I'd say we ought to do what we did in the Cold War: stand up for the things we believe and try to encourage them everywhere on earth, without fighting wars ourselves. (Anyway, that was our goal.) Our cowardly refusal to arm the Ukraine, the reluctance we showed in helping the Kurds, are exactly what we shouldn't be doing to maintain peace. To have peace, we ought to make sure that basically evil men are scared of basically good ones. That's been U.S. policy since 1945, basically, for all presidents; I say, keep on down this road, helping make the world a little safer and freer every time in every way we can.  
Friedersdorf: If our domestic policy were informed by a similar lodestar—to stand up for what is basically good, to oppose what is basically evil, and to have the wisdom to know the difference (and when neither good nor evil are implicated), how should we approach the most controversial intersections of science and policy?
I am thinking of questions like how much today's humans owe to future generations; if or when it is permissible to do research on stem cells from human embryos or to edit the human genome; what restrictions, if any, there ought to be on abortion or euthanasia; whether factory farms, or zoos, are wrong, etc. I don't mean to imply that these matters are all alike, or the most pertinent, but how you might guide policymakers who approach you in the course of trying to figure out what's best.
Gelernter: Frankly, I think that guiding citizens (insofar as I'm able to guide anyone) is far more important than advising policymakers. I've published a series of pieces over the years on this sort of question in the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung (they translate them), which have led in turn to contributions to German anthologies on these topics, occasional lectures in Germany, etc. I've never found a place to publish such things in English, not for a handful of academics but for the educated public.  
That being said, I'm not quite sure I understand the question.
Does it ask how I'd make a decision, or what decisions I've actually made?  I make my own decisions from inside the modern-orthodox Jewish world; I try to read relevant Talmudic and halakhic and responsa literature. The rabbis, my rabbis, are my moral guides. But it's often the case that they haven't dealt quite with the right question, or I disagree (Jewish theology is a literature of constant disagreement; nor of course do I present my views as any sort of rabbinic position—considered becoming a rabbi long & hard, but didn't). In any case, I then turn on my brain and do my best to figure out the question. I'm too old to foist off the final responsibility on anyone but myself. So that's how I make these decisions. (There are philosophers who influence me, but as authors more than arbiters. Nietzsche and Wittgenstein have always enchanted me, more for the way they embrace art than for their doctrines. Wittgenstein would sit in the nave of Ely, not far from Cambridge, and admire it. Something I love to do, though he had a lot more opportunity.)
As to my answers, I've written & argued in Germany that (for example) computers & social nets ought to be treated like bars or strip joints: not acceptable for children. (At least we ought to consider treating them that way.) I don't like the idea of legal restrictions. But I might urge that we get computers out of schools until our children are able to read & write half decently—at least as decently as they used to during the middle two-thirds of the 20th Century.These are local decisions.  But a science advisor's most important role is facing the public, not the president. A science advisor has to convince Americans that they're out of their minds to turn their backs on science. It is foolish, dangerous, and a waste of a beautiful opportunity.
AI presents tremendously serious moral problems which we leave to Kurzweil and friends. But in practical terms, there's no way on earth I could get a piece from a very different viewpoint before a mass audience.
The ideological narrowness of mainstream commercial magazines is one of the deep, deep frustrations of my life.  We have a thriving conservative intelligentsia in this country; it includes many (in fact most) of the smartest people I've ever met. (Think about Norman Podhoretz, George Will, Bill Bennett, Donald Kagan—radically different sorts of thinker, all four strikingly brilliant. There are a few dozen more even at this exalted level.) It's a pleasure and a high honor to be part of America's conservative culture. But the Left hears nothing we say: nothing. Nothing. Most have shrugged this off; only a few of us care. Because I teach at Yale and, more important, because I belong to the art world & have since birth, I can't help caring—and sometimes being outraged, sometimes just grief-stricken. What a damned mess we've made of intellectual life in this absurdly wealthy, lucky, blessed nation.
Friedersdorf : What's something you've wanted to get before a mainstream American audience? I'm especially eager to discuss anything that lends insight into your original thinking. Let's talk about whatever it is that you want to talk about.
Gelernter: This was the most fascinating invitation by far I've ever got (“an opportunity to put any viewpoint you'd like...”)—yes, more than the White House Chanukah parties!  More than my chance to ride in my second cousin's Corvette Stingray when I was 10! I don't want to bury you—I want something clearly expressed and organized, and concise.
[5 days elapsed, before I heard from Gelernter again.]
Gelernter: I've attached 20 ideas.
I'm sorry to list so many; but the chance you've given me is unique… I've profited enormously, and I appreciate it... Every assertion is merely my own opinion.  Lots of people will disagree, but it's boring to read "in my opinion... in my opinion..."  I've only tried to sketch out what I'm pondering & working on right now, as briefly as I can.
Even at that, I've gone far too long.
1.
Letting toxic partisanship heal.  Everyone knows that we live in politically superheated times; partisanship feels more bitter and more personal than it ever has in my lifetime.  
There are many reasons, but here is one: we all know that faith in the Judeo-Christian religions is dramatically weaker than it used to be. But human beings are religious animals, and most will find an alternative if the conventional choices are gone.  
The readiest replacement nowadays for lost traditional religion is political ideology. But a citizen with faith in a political position, instead of rational belief, is a potential disaster for democracy. A religious believer can rarely be argued out of his faith in any ordinary conversational give-and-take. His personality is more likely to be wrapped up with his religion than with any mere political program. When a person’s religion is attacked, he’s more likely to take it personally and dislike (or even hate) the attacker than he is in the case of mere political attacks or arguments. Thus, the collapse of traditional religion within important parts of the population is one cause of our increasingly poisoned politics. Yet it doesn’t have to be this way.
Turn back to the generation after the Second World War. The collapse of religion is well underway, but there is another alternate religion at hand: art.
Think of the extraordinary blaze-up of art in America in the postwar years, especially the 1950s and first half of the ‘60s: painting above all; choreography in New York (Balanchine, Robbins, the American Ballet Theater, the Joffrey and other regional companies); serious music, led by Bernstein’s Young Peoples Concerts broadcast  nationwide by CBS; intense interest in new American novelists; Frost; the Americanized Auden, Eliot and Delmore Schwartz; the great quartet of European masters as seen from the US: Picasso and Matisse, Giacometti and Chagall; the European film as an art form (Swedish, Italian and French––Hitchcock’s Birds, for that matter, opened in the early ‘60s at MOMA); in the architecture of the Americans Wright and Kahn and Eero Saarinen, and the Europeans Mies and Corbu and Gropius; in the design of the Eames studio, in the museum show as an event, in drama and the Actor’s Studio; art-books, magazines, posters, high-fidelity audio, Lincoln Center, the Dick van Dyke show; a situation comedy with frequent episodes about the theater, galleries, art films--and on and on.  
An astonishing era.  
Among much else, it helped politics go down easier. (Only a little easier; but every bit helped.)  Other things did too, of course; and art, as always, was its own reward. But we miss something if we don’t see how the religion of art took pressure off politics.
Nowadays it’s mostly gone. But it doesn’t have to be. Art itself is the reason to bring art back to center stage. But some of the merely incidental benefits might be enormous.
2.
Beauty is objective.  
Take any civilization, ask for its artistic masterpieces; today, they are almost guaranteed to be valuable all over the world. There’s almost nothing less subjective than the sense of beauty.
3. 

Yale is building two new “colleges” or dormitories, modeled on Oxford and Cambridge colleges. The buildings are gothic—but copied not from the originals but from early-20th-century Yale gothic, mainly by James Gamble Rogers (an eminent architect who deserves to be studied alongside Pope and White and Lutyens, and will be someday).  
Students love the Rogers colleges, and I like the university noticing the fact.  They love quads.  
But if Yale had turned on its brain, it could have had quads and something exciting and new, instead of something that tries so hard to be boring and old.  Yale has mostly had enormous success over the years when it was willing to take new architecture seriously.
Take a chance, dammit.
Quads are good; quads are necessary.  But why not build a college with four separate quads stacked up like a pile of book, each half-overlapping the one beneath?  Each quad except the topmost has partly sun, then runs underneath the next-higher quad, into the shade. Students are guaranteed to make up new sports played on all four levels simultaneously. Lit up at a night, the four quads make the most fascinating party-space. Performances (music, plays, movies) are set up on the outside half of the bottom quad, and observed from higher quads and from all over the college.
Or, imagine a fjord sort of building with four fairly steep, severe outer walls. There’s a dramatic slit in each exterior wall, and four pathways lead (windingly) to the heads of four separate routes around the hidden central quad—one for walking, one for running, one for swimming and a fourth for rowing (in the winter, skating). The central quad is almost filled by a large glass cube with a carousel inside. The glass walls keep a fair amount of sound enclosed, so that the carousel can play its carousel music–children and parents from the neighborhood can be admitted (through an underground passage) during several hours most afternoons. Take a chance!
4. 
It used to be that nearly all American children were reared as Christians or Jews. In the process they were given comprehensive ethical views, centering on the Ten Commandments and the “golden rule,” and God’s requirements as spelled out by the prophet Micah: “Only to do justice, and love mercy, and walk humbly with your God.”
As a result American were not paragons; but they had a place to start.  Today many or most children in the intellectual or left-wing part of the nation are no longer reared as Christians or Jews. What ethical laws are they taught? Many on the left say “none, and it doesn’t matter”—a recipe for one of the riskiest experiments in history.  
The left, and my colleagues in the intelligentsia, need to come to terms with this issue. Rear your children to be atheists or agnostics—fine. But turning them loose on the world with no concept of right and wrong is unacceptable. You might well say that Jewish and Christian ethical teaching managed to accomplish remarkably little; but if you believe that, and propose to teach your children even less than the bare bones that proved (you say) so inadequate, then your irresponsibility is obvious. Choose the ethical code you like, but choose something and make sure they know it.
5. 
Long ago, I wrote a novel (also a history) about the 1939 NY World’s Fair.  My parents had been there; I’d been at the 1964 Fair as a boy. At the time (mid ‘90s) I believed the party line: it would be crazy to have a new world’s fair. I was wrong. A modern nation can’t operate unless the science world and the public are on speaking terms.  
The public must pay the bills, and tolerate the long-term planning, that substantial science and technology projects require.  
The sharpest, smartest young people must be excited about science. More than ever, every prospective science student has excellent reasons to do something else—go into law or business and be richer, into government and wield power, or into medicine, to be incomparably richer and to be treated with respect and admiration nearly everywhere. Only deep excitement can overcome obstacles like those. No world’s fair can do the job all by itself, but we’re crazy to sacrifice any tool we can bring to bear.  
At a time when the population is threatening to fall apart into countless spiky crystals that have nothing to do with or say to one another, a world’s fair helps bring populations together and gives everyone something to think about aside from how much they dislike everyone else. Of course a new one would lose a ton of money; but we’ve never needed a change of topic and a stiff dose of intellectual excitement more than today. You can’t measure the value of what we’d gain, but it would be gigantic.
6. 
Our cultural revolution, roughly 1945-1970, created modern America—created the nation and the world we live in. It happened because of a strange circumstance: Two large social changes (separate though related) happened at almost the same time and their effects overlapped. As a result two tidal waves, which would each have produced major changes, came together and overturned everything.
The effect, loosely and broadly speaking, was to move the nation decidedly to the left.  But no conspiracy created it. In fact, the left itself doesn’t even begin to understand; has never analyzed it. But we must all understand this event, unquestionably the most important in American history since the end of the Second World War. Of course Civil Rights were important. Feminism was important.  But those two changes happened the way they did because of the Cultural Revolution.
Two big waves flowing in the same direction:
First, the major American colleges, run heretofore by WASPs, opened their doors, after the Second World War, to all sorts of people—first, Jews. A decade later, blacks and women. Jews were admitted as students, then faculty members, finally bosses—deans and presidents. Naturally, big changes resulted. College faculties were left-leaning anyway, but a significant Jewish contingent made them even more so.   
Second, a growing belief that college, like high school, was good for everyone—and the “professionalization” of all sorts of fields where a BA used to be plenty: the rise of business schools, the growing importance of education schools and of journalism schools were three of the most important aspects of this big change. The transformation of journalism from a battered-hat group of rough-speaking, hard-drinking, widely-admired “ordinary guys” who were thought to be mostly conservatives to penetrating, opinionated intellectuals who are mainly liberal is a major story in itself.
The unbigoted-colleges revolution, which pushed colleges to the left and helped detach them from their old WASP bases, together with the professionalization and college-for-everyone revolution, which increased colleges’ reach and influence, were post-war revolutions that coincided, swamping American culture. The result was a 1970s America vastly different from the 1940s version, dominated by academic ideas.  Thus "political correctness," e.g., is an issue not only in academic promotions but in naming Navy warships (!).  The new version had good and bad aspects, but whether you’re pleased, horrified, or neutral, there’s no way to miss the huge importance of these events. But most historians have missed them.  
Most seem intent on ignoring the Cultural Revolution—or tying it to a strange concoction of Vietnam, rock music, drugs, birth-control, the Civil Rights movement and so on. Yet if Vietnam or rock had never existed, if Civil Rights had been fought out in the 1930s or had only grown serious in 1975, a Cultural Revolution would still have transformed this nation during the post-World War II generation.
7. 
Where does a writer’s stuff appear?  
A small, distinguished quarterly has asked me to write a piece explaining the more-or-less inevitable end of the colleges (which I wrote about in the WSJ a few weeks ago), and what will replace them. I’m grateful to them for asking, and will probably say yes. In a different world, I’d be writing the piece for a commercial magazine, and a general audience would actually read it. I’m a professional writer; I wrote a weekly culture-and-politics column for the New York Post in the ‘90s and the LA Times in the ‘00s. I’d rather write for a wider audience. But no commercial mag will touch me. One pays a price for one’s political beliefs. (Yet the price, in this society, is so trivial compared to what men have paid in living memory, the price they pay today in Islamic states, Marxist utopias and all kinds of tyrannies, that it is truly stupid, truly infantile to complain.)
8. 
Artificial Intelligence is going nowhere until we have mastered Artificial Emotion. AI will continue to solve particular, set problems brilliantly, as it has been doing with slowly-increasing prowess since the 1950s, but AI software won’t show a glimmer of originality or creativity, which are essential to the very idea of thought, until it can simulate emotion as accurately as it does other mental phenomena.
We think with emotions as well as ideas.  
But psychology and personal bias has led philosophers of mind starting with Descartes, and psychologists, neurobiologists & AI researchers, to demote emotions to second-class status. Our first successful humanoid robot—the first robot that is clearly on the road to a human-like imitation mind—won’t happen until we know how to imitate human emotions, and how to integrate them completely into artificial thought. Of course, such robots will feel nothing; we have no way to make a computer or any machine feel, and we probably never will. But we will learn to build artificial minds that work as if they can feel—and can see and hear and think and imagine too.  
What makes emotion crucial?  
We’re capable of assembling two basic kinds of mental sequence, but we tend to ignore one of them.  The logical sequence is well-known—we work our ways from some problem or starting point to a solution, explanation, plan of action.  This is reasoning, broadly speaking. We assemble ideas using the rules of informal logic.  But we also assemble sequences of feelings—sensations and emotions. (Usually such sequences assemble themselves: we enter some new environment and sensations arrive, observations occur to us, and often we respond emotionally.) Logical ideas tend to be stepping-stones to our mental destination. Feelings, on the other hand, tend to be “translucent”—we can overlay them and see through a whole stack of them, although each element adds some color or special effect to the ensemble.  We tend to bring such feelings to bear not one-by-one, stepping-stone-wise, but all at once.
Assembling a sequence or a stack of feelings tends to yield one particular, highly-specific feeling—incorporating aspects of many different emotions and sensations. We tend to label memories with particular, specific emotions; some memories consist entirely of a stack of feelings. How do we decide quickly (using emotion, not analysis or reasoning) that we like some applicant and want to hire him, dislike someone else, like or dislike a book that we’ve barely started, or are fascinated by a sight or a room or house or painting that we’ve only just glanced at? These abilities suggest to many psychologists and philosophers that emotions are a “parallel mind,” alongside the analytical, reasonable mind.  But how does the parallel mind work?  
How do emotions yield judgments so quickly? Judgments we’re often at a loss to explain, except post facto, but that are often right?  
Say we meet someone, start a book, wander into a forest path, look at a building. In this new “environment,” our sensations, observations and emotions pile up. Suppose we now examine these feelings all at once, as if we were gazing through a stack of translucent images. If we use this highly-specific, specialized, multi-element feeling as a memory cue, we tend to recall episodes associated with roughly the same set of sensations and emotions.  When we pull out of memory a recollection associated with the same sort of feelings we’re experiencing now… it’s natural to apply the outcome or conclusion or analysis we arrived at then.  And that’s (in briefest outline) how emotions work as a “parallel mind,” how they lead us to fast conclusions we can’t necessarily explain--but they feel right.  It all depends not on a step-by-step logical sequence but on a step-by-step emotional one.
A similar mechanism allows the mind to link together far apart, radically-different memories, which share something deep although they seem to share little or nothing, yielding a brand-new analogy, which in turns yields a mental “restructuring” or a new way to look at things, which in turn yields an original invention or viewpoint. That’s how one important type of creativity works—or at least, how it starts.
9. 
AI is one of the most important technologies in history, and we’re going about it wrong.  To do it right, we need information about the mind.  The people who know the mind best aren’t neurobiologists,  they’re novelists & poets.  Science must learn from the arts.  
A scientist who know only science is in no position to do science.  
10. 
That’s why my recent Tides of Mind has far more quotes from Shakespeare & Wordsworth & Jane Austen, and Coetzee and Roth and Cynthia Ozick, than from any scientist or psychologist.   
Tides of Mind is a sort of commentary on Coetzee’s Life & Times of Michael K.  I can only understand Michael K. himself as an almost implausibly-perfect example of what I mean by “low-spectrum thinking.”  I argue for a “spectrum of consciousness” running from concentrated, rational, emotionally-controlled, vigorous thought (when energy is high) to diffuse thought, saturated with emotion and recollections, that leads into sleep.  Upper-spectrum thought is abstract, full of language and even numbers; lower-spectrum thought is concrete, full of sensation and emotion.
One way to describe the spectrum is as a continuum from doing to being: the mind is capable of doing-- acting, planning, noticing and solving problems; deciding on goals and concocting plans. This is the aspect of mind we usually focus on.  But the mind is also capable of passively experiencing some particular state.  As we move from the focused, logical, reasonable, analytical, planning-and-solving mind towards the diffuse, emotional, reminiscing, sitting-back-and-watching mind, and even farther “down spectrum,” into the dreaming mind, which shuts out external stimuli and responds to a hallucinated, emotion-saturated, hot-house reality… we’re moving from a mind whose main business is acting to one whose main business is being.  
Ordinarily, we each drift through the spectrum every day, from a relatively up-spectrum point towards the bottom and sleep. But it’s also clear that different personalities have different biases—different spectrum points that are most natural and comfortable, different home bases to which they repeatedly return. Michael K shows us what a low-spectrum personality is like. “There seemed nothing to do but live.  He sat so still that it would not have startled him if birds had flown down and perched on his shoulders.”
This is being, not doing.
“I have never seen anyone as asleep as you,” a friend tells him.  
“I am like a woman whose children have left the house, he thought; all that remains is to tidy up and listen to the silence.” This is being, feeling, observing, versus talking and thinking and doing. “As summer slanted to an end, he was learning to love idleness…. As a yielding up of himself to time, to a time flowing slowly like oil from horizon to horizon over the face of the world… ‘I am not clever with words,’ he said, nothing more.”  
Words and language are the central abstractions of human life. Abstraction is up-spectrum; but when we think visually, emotionally, narratively, we are thinking concretely—down-spectrum. Michael’s uneasiness in using language is the main reason why nearly everyone regards him as a simpleton. There is much more to be said about this reading of Michael K—what we learn about the book, and the spectrum.
11. 
The Ambassadors is Henry James’s finest novel, and ranks alongside Emma as one of the two finest in English.  Everyone notices the symmetry of the two-section, twelve-chapter plan.  
But critics don’t seem to notice the center of the symmetry.  
The Ambassadors is about Paris. Paris is unusual in having an exact psychological and approximate physical center—Notre Dame and the parvis out front, where there’s a milestone embedded in the pavement from which distances throughout France are measured.  
The church itself stands towards the middle of the island in the middle of the river in the middle of the city.  And James has arranged for Notre Dame, the center of Paris, to be the exact center of his book about Paris too.  
It is the center of the episode on which the plot hinges.
Strether, the hero, comes to the church on the first page of the first chapter of part II. He enters a mere respectful outsider, an admirer but no intimate of the church, the city or the heroine. Inside he sees (without recognizing) Marie de Vionnet in the distance, from the back.  She is lost in meditation or prayer. Moreover “there are no altars for him” in the great Catholic church—either because he is a New England puritan or just a New England skeptic.  But he leaves with Mme. de Vionnet on a new basis of close friendship.  And now there is an altar for him in Paris. She is the altar.
Although the story ends in a kind if disillusionment, Strether is transformed by his religious experience.  The Ambassadors remains the perfect study of the woman-worship that is so important to James; that appears at the center of each of his last two novels also.  
And it’s important in earlier James too, perhaps most strikingly in The Awkward Age—an underrated, first-order masterpiece with a wholly-undeserved reputation for difficulty.  It includes James’s most dazzling, most breathtakingly beautiful set pieces—the subtle, wordy, moody, moving conversations among a small unchanging group on which he thrives.  It is about the worship of a woman that outlives her death to be handed on like a precious sacred vessel, frail yet almost intact, to her granddaughter.  This act of handing-on is the novel—as critics can’t seem to see.
It’s impossible not to wonder where this theme has gone.  Have men stopped worshipping women?  
Hardly.
During feminism’s heyday feminist leaders made clear that they didn’t choose to be worshiped. But it was never up to them. Such emotions are part of a man’s life, not a woman’s.  
If we take (say) the novels of Roth and of Coetzee as representing the last several generations of great novels in English, the one instance of woman-worship that comes to mind in all their novels is startling: the magistrate’s love for the unnamed barbarian girl in Waiting for the Barbarians. He loves her not for her perfection but exactly for her imposed imperfection, for the wounds and the suffering visited on her by the secret police.
(The lack of interest in woman-worship as a central theme seems to hold for such relatively young novelists as Sean O’Reilly, Patrick Flanery, Anthony Schneider, Robert Seethaler and Jenny Erpenbeck too.) We seem to have lost something essential, a matter of life and death.
12. 
John Brockman believes I invented the term “Cloud”; I’m not sure. But we did build the first cloud, in the course of building a network-programming system called Linda, when I was a grad student at SUNY Stony Brook and an assistant prof at Yale in the 1980s.
My book Mirror Worlds (’91) was “one of the most influential books in computer science” (Tech Review, 7/07) and directly inspired the creation of the Java net-programming language (according to Bill Joy, once head scientist at Sun Microsystems); generally said to have "foreseen” the World Wide Web (Reuters, 3/20/01, and others).  
Lifestreams, which we built in the 1990s (it was Eric Freeman’s dissertation project), was the world’s first social network (in the modern, online sense). The first blog on the internet (“Women in Computing”) ran on top of our first Lifestreams system at Yale, in 1996.  
Since then I’ve tried to push Lifestreams into the limelight, where it belonged (this Wednesday I met with three undergrads who are beginning yet another in the long series of Lifestreams implementations); but in recent years I’ve worked mainly on AI and philosophy of mind, which yielded the book Tides of Mind (Norton ’16: “A new paradigm for the study of human consciousness,” Nick Romeo, Chicago Tribune); I am working now on “let me build you a robot,” about emotion in robots and AI and the mind generally.  
And also a novel, set in the early years of the 1960s. My novel 1939 did better by far than any other of my books. But I’m not sure how I’ll manage to get the new one published.
13.  
How you’ll shop. Someone will make a lot of money some day (soon, I think) by using software in a fairly dense, fairly typical suburb to organize an “orbiting supermarket.”  
You buy a small fleet of trucks and distribute your wares over the fleet.  Then you send them out to cruise. (They could easily be electrics.) When we need something, we hang out a digital flag—need a loaf of bread, or “a loaf of vitamin-enhanced 50-slice Wonder Bread,” or whatever; we choose from dazzling high-resolution menus, so we can buy exotic produce we can’t even name. When a fleet’s truck is in your area, software checks whether you’ve got flags out, and whether your flags correspond to something onboard.  The robotized little warehouse behind the driver, together with ordinary sat-nav, make the drop-off quick.  If one of your flags is getting old (45 minutes, say, and you still haven’t gotten your milk), software routes an appropriate truck to your front door whether or not it was in your area.  
The plan seems to save customers time at the expense of added truck-use and road-use.  What happens in fact is much like a series of raster-scans executed by vans over the “screen” of your neighborhood. Vans rarely go out of their way or retrace steps. Flying drones might eventually be cheaper. (But how do we quantify the value of  low-skills jobs and a friendly face? Customers will come to know all the drivers….  And when package-delivery services and the post office coordinate services with the orbiting supermarkets, we’ll have an impressively efficient system.)
14.  
How you’ll get from the suburbs to downtown and back. To get into Manhattan, I’d start out in my own car and hang out a digital flag with my exact destination.  At some point along the highway, software tells me: “pull over & park in #57 in the roadside parking lot.” I do so & stay put in my car--and within 5 minutes, a van picks me up and I’m on my way, straight to a destination drop-off in the city. When traffic is light, the rendezvous happens close to the city; when it’s heavy, it happens much further out—and bigger vans do the carrying. This sort of “mass transportation” would be more & not less convenient than driving; would also be more predictable and flexible. (In the van I’d put on my headphones & disappear into my own world.)
The New York Times is outraged. We should be getting the public onto the trains, at gunpoint if necessary! 
But even left-wing Connecticut would rather drive—not for love of driving but because, for most of us, trains are grossly inefficient, an insultingly ludicrous waste of time.  
(1) I drive to the station—then park, get a ticket, shoehorn myself into the schedule—waste time waiting, or count on missing my train sometimes; (2) take the train; (3) get into some other transit system to reach my destination, (4) get back in, to return to the station, (5) train, and (6) drive home—usually through the local rush-hour.  Unless you happen to live near a station, it’s infuriatingly wasteful of the thing that matters most: your life.
Transportation in the eastern corridor is a disgrace. It must change. Why not change it using the networks we’ve got instead of new networks, merely adding software and—admittedly—a huge fleet of vans, buses and drivers?  But simulate the thing carefully first—which should have started decades ago; then try it in a small test…. Or will we do nothing until the local economy literally starts to fall apart?  That will happen, because we each have only so many hours to throw away….
15.  
The next Web. (The stream-based cybersphere.) The Cybersphere isn’t a Web; instead it’s trillions of streams trickling down some immense mountainside. Each stream is a time-organized “feed” (like the AP feed, or a Twitter stream, or a Facebook wall). Each stream has a broad theme—the stream of the European paintings department at the Met, NY, or the official stream of the NY Mets, of Simon & Schuster, Ferrari, the XYZ hospital pathology dept, the pizza place on the corner, the association for Hiberno-Saxon mss, Fox News, C-SPAN, England, Wells, St. Cuthbert in Wells. Most streams belong to persons: My stream is a chronological list of every document I create (text, videos, spreadsheets, photo-albums). Each stream-element is marked with allowed readers. I mark nearly all my elements “private.” Elements I’ll share with the world—my website, in effect—I mark “public.” Or an element might be for “family,” “project Zep,” “Ozick readers of CT,” etc.
This is essentially the whole structure of the new web (the worldbeam)—and of every user’s private operating system; one system for all his computers, phone, car-computers, audio equipment and so on.  
All streams have a future as well as a past.  
If I have a meeting at 2PM tomorrow, I add a note to the future of my lifestream at 2PM tomorrow. I can search and browse the whole stream, past, present and future. Every stream flows from the future towards the present, from the present into the past, at the speed of time. I build my computing world by mixing into my own stream any other streams that are interesting: maybe streams belonging to my family-members and close colleagues and best friends. Maybe streams for local schools. Maybe streams for stores where I shop; news streams of all sorts; streams for organizations I care about.
Everything I’m interested in comes to me, and flows right past. I might notice something interesting as it passes by, or might look for it by searching and browsing. If built right, this is the only operating system or web browser anyone ever needs.
16. 
Something important we haven’t noticed: recursive structure is a fundamental part of sophisticated architecture, especially of gothic and of the parade of styles--mainly renaissance, baroque and neo-classical—that occupied the centuries down to the 20th (or in some cases, down till today). Recursive structure means that a structure is repeated within itself: An octagonal spire, for example, is decorated with small spires, identical to the large one, at the base of the four angled faces of the octagon.  
The curve of a large church’s apse is repeated in the curves of the scooped-out chapels running along the face of the apse. Art historians have noticed this important fact, naturally.  
But “recursive structure” is a term from computer science; there’s no comparable term in art or architectural history—and as a result of separating science and art, every historian who writes about the phenomenon makes up his own terminology, and the generality of the technique, the big picture, remains hidden. What a shame!—we could understand everything from the delicate structure of a masonry edging in a late medieval English chantry chapel to the whole east end of Salisbury Cathedral, or Michelangelo’s giant orders, as instances of the same deep phenomenon. But we don’t. A wall separates computing from the arts. Another wall, more impregnable, separates conservative intellectuals from the mainstream.  I published a piece about this phenomenon (with many examples and good photos) in the Weekly Standard’s books-and-art section. But I’ve yet to find a single art historian, or anyone with an interest in medieval art or architectural history, who ever saw it.
17.  
We don’t understand great medieval churches properly.  
The extent to which western churches are based on a pilgrimage to Jerusalem is implicit in parts of the literature, but doesn’t seem to have been studied thoroughly, especially in the way that a Christian’s progression from the west-end to the sacred east-end recreates the pilgrimage in miniature—in the sense that the Christian’s steps trace an easterly path which is a literal part of a pilgrimage to Jerusalem. Thus the font at which Christian life begins is usually at or near the west end. (Southern cathedrals such as Florence’s, with the baptistery as a separate building west of the main church, underline the start of the pilgrimage.)  A pilgrim heads eastward through the nave and arrives at the crossing; moving into the choir, he is usually approaching the high altar, east of the choir.  A saint’s shrine, in England especially, was apt to be east of the high altar (thus the Confessor’s shrine at Westminster Abbey, Becket’s former shrine at Canterbury, and many, many other cases).  
The east end of the church is a re-creation of the Celestial Jerusalem—of Paradise, of the goal of the pilgrimage. This is true of the traditional French apse or chevet, concave to enclose the pilgrim—but also of the great eastern window at Lincoln (for example) or the glass wall at the east end of York or Gloucester. The English tradition of siting a lady chapel in the easternmost position—east of the altar, east of the shrine, as in Salisbury or Winchester or Exeter or Wells, and in some parish or former abbey churches (such as Abbey Dore)—underlines the pilgrimage theme. At Wells, for example, the great east window hovers above the altar. This is the main source of light from the east, the light of Paradise towards which a Christian life leads.  
But beneath the great east window, light enters from a distance, from the beautiful reticulated windows of the octagonal lady chapel. Just as a choir within the west façades of Wells and Salisbury, singing through hidden sound-holes, welcomes pilgrims and processions into church on feasts such as Easter, the light of the easternmost windows sneaking in beneath the great east window, beyond the altar, calls pilgrims east, to the lady chapel and the celestial Jerusalem and Paradise.
18.  
Who is history’s greatest composer? (I encourage my students to ask this sort of wildly unpopular question because it sharpens one’s critical understanding, and forces one to make choices.)  
The composer is Franz Schubert; he died at 31, and none of his three competitors had finished masterpieces to compare with his at 31. His three opus posthumous sonatas are among the deepest achievements in art. The slow movements of the last two might be the most beautiful in all of music—in competition only with Mozart’s Requiem and the last movement of Beethoven’s op 111 sonata. And what if Schubert’s competitors had each died at 31? Beethoven had finished his stupendous C minor piano concerto, op. 37, and several perfect piano sonatas; but his great work was yet to come.  
Bach had finished Herz und Mund und Tat und Leben, one of his finest cantatas and his single biggest hit (it includes “Jesus Joy of man’s desiring”); but his greatest music all came later.  
Mozart is the toughest competitor, because he finished Figaro at 30—Figaro, greatest of his operas, greatest of all operas, the best answer in music (better even than Don Giovanni) to the hardest of all musical problems--how to come to an end. But listen carefully once more to the three sonatas and Schubert wins. (Which doesn’t change the underlying truth, that Beethoven’s Missa Solemnis, his op 110 and 111 sonatas, his string quartet in C# minor and the Gross Fuge are the greatest music of all.)
19.  
My own paintings are inspired by the great NY abstract expressionists of my youth (especially de Kooning) and a couple of Francophones (Matisse and Giacometti, who was born in Italian Switzerland but lived in Paris)—and by medieval architecture (especially the decorative patterns invented by masons and carpenters in the late English gothic of the 14th through 16th centuries) and the great Insular Gospel Books, especially Lindisfarne and Kells—probably the two greatest artworks we have. Nearly all of my paintings include texts, usually in Hebrew.  
Each one is a setting of a text in the same way, broadly speaking, that Schubert sets a text in a lied. But there are some portraits also. Only orthodox Jews and Israelis can read the texts; orthodox Jews have no great love of painting, and the Israeli art world is fiercely secular. What does an artist do when he’s stuck (by his own choice entirely!) in a hole no one cares about? Should he shrug it off and get on with his work, or does an artist’s work include proselytizing for his own vision? In my case, that includes the deeply visual character of Judaism—and the visual character of much of thought.  
20. 
The extraordinary graphic power of new computers ought to have set up a blizzard of new thoughts and new work on images and the mind, teaching images, reading images, expressing ourselves in images. That it hasn’t, that it’s set up nothing, is one of the surest ways to see that western culture is almost dead––is surviving on royalty checks from heroes of the past.
But there’s still more than enough time to change everything.



ARTICLE
Tucker Carlson is selling me hard on the swamp. It is an unseasonably warm afternoon in late January, and we are seated at a corner table in Monocle, an upscale Capitol Hill restaurant frequented by the Fox News star. (Carlson, who typically skips breakfast and spends dinnertime on the air, is a fan of the long, luxurious, multi-course lunch, and when I requested an interview he proposed we do it here.) As we scan the menus, I mention that I’ll be moving soon to the Washington area, and he promptly launches into an enthusiastic recitation of the district’s many virtues and amenities.
“I’m so pathetically eager for people to love D.C.,” he admits. “It’s so sad. It’s like I work for the chamber of commerce or something.”
If this boosterism seems out of character for a primetime populist like Carlson, he doesn’t seem to mind the dissonance. He speaks glowingly of his Northwest Washington neighborhood, a tony enclave of liberal affluence where, he tells me, he is surrounded by diplomats, lawyers, world bankers, and well-paid media types. They are reliably “wonderful”; unfailingly “nice”; “some of my favorite people in the world.” If you’ve watched Carlson on TV lately, you know they are also wrong about virtually everything.
Indeed, throughout the 2016 election cycle Carlson routinely deployed his anonymous neighbors as a device in his political punditry—pointing to them as emblems of the educated elite’s insular thinking. He scoffed at their affection for Marco Rubio in the primaries, and he ridiculed their self-righteous reactions to the Republican nominee in the general. “On my street,” he wrote in Politico Magazine, “there’s never been anyone as unpopular as Trump.”
This shtick worked brilliantly for Carlson, catapulting him from a weekend hosting gig to the coveted 9 p.m. slot in Fox’s primetime lineup. He now regularly pulls in more than 3 million viewers a night—a marked improvement on the program he replaced—and he counts the commander in chief among his loyal fans. Just this past weekend, President Trump set off a minor international firestorm when he suggested Sweden was experiencing an immigrant-fueled spike in crime—a (dubious) claim he picked up by watching Tucker Carlson Tonight.
In an era when TV talking heads are more influential than ever, Carlson has suddenly—and rather improbably—emerged as one of the most powerful people in media. The question now is what he wants to do with that perch.  
To the extent that Carlson’s on-air commentary these days is guided by any kind of animating idea, it is perhaps best summarized as a staunch aversion to whatever his right-minded neighbors believe. The country has reached a point, he tells me, where the elite consensus on any given issue should be “reflexively distrusted.”
“Look, it’s really simple,” Carlson says. “The SAT 50 years ago pulled a lot of smart people out of every little town in America and funneled them into a small number of elite institutions, where they married each other, had kids, and moved to an even smaller number of elite neighborhoods. We created the most effective meritocracy ever.”
“But the problem with the meritocracy,” he continues, is that it “leeches all the empathy out of your society … The second you think that all your good fortune is a product of your virtue, you become highly judgmental, lacking empathy, totally without self-awareness, arrogant, stupid—I mean all the stuff that our ruling class is.”
Carlson recounts, with some amusement, how he saw these attitudes surface in his neighbors’ response to Trump’s victory. He recalls receiving a text message on election night from a stunned Democratic friend declaring his intention to flee the country with his family. Carlson replied by asking if he could use their pool while they were gone.
“I mean people were, like, traumatized,” he says. And yet, in the months since then, “no one I know has learned anything. There’s been no moment of reflection … It’s just, ‘This is what happens when you let dumb people vote.’” Carlson finds this brand of snobbery particularly offensive: “Intelligence is not a moral category. That’s what I find a lot of people in my life assume. It’s not. God doesn’t care how smart you are, actually.”
To many, of course, this populist posture will reek of phoniness—and the skeptics are not without evidence. Here, let the record show that Tucker Carlson was born and raised in the pricey beachside paradise of La Jolla, California; that his stepmother was heiress to the Swanson frozen-food fortune; that he attended an exclusive east-coast boarding school and married the headmaster’s daughter; that for a considerable period of time, he was famous for sporting preposterously preppy bowties. All of which is to say, if you are looking for a cable host with authentic blue-collar credentials, Carlson is probably not your man.
What’s more, Carlson’s politics have undergone more than one evolution over the course of his career in television. When he started out in the early 2000s on CNN’s Crossfire, he generally played the part of a mainline partisan—a champion of the Iraq War (he soured on the endeavor after a year), and an ardent Bush defender (he soured on the president after a term). After leaving CNN in 2005 he landed at MSNBC, where he morphed into a libertarian. And when his show there was cancelled less than three years later, he ended up at Fox News, serving as a utility pundit and eventually emerging as a mischief-making advocate for Trump-style nationalism.
A cynical soul might detect careerism in that trajectory. Carlson, for his part, readily admits that his worldview has transformed over the years. These days, he tells me, “I’m not much of an economic conservative, and I’m not conservative at all on foreign policy.” Nevertheless, he insists the evolution has been organic. “If your politics don’t change when circumstances do, you’re an idiot, you’re a reactionary.”
More to the point, he says, “My views are not super interesting.”
In a sense, he’s right. Carlson’s true talent is not for political philosophizing, it’s for televised partisan combat. His go-to weapons—the smirky sarcasm, the barbed comebacks, the vicious politeness—seem uniquely designed to drive his sparring partners nuts, frequently making for terrific television. Indeed, if cable news is ultimately theater, Carlson’s nightly performance is at once provocative, maddening, cringe-inducing, and compulsively watchable. Already, in its few short months in primetime, Tucker Carlson Tonight has created more viral moments than it had any right to do.
In one early example, Carlson’s interview with Newsweek political reporter Kurt Eichenwald went so far off the rails that the host was reduced to asking the same question over and over again, while the liberal guest waved around a binder labeled, “Tucker Carlson Falsehoods.” When the segment ended, Eichenwald took to Twitter to vent his frustrations, ended up fighting with an army of conservative trolls, and ultimately claimed to suffer a seizure when one of them tweeted a flashing strobe GIF at him.
“I was shocked by the whole thing,” Carlson tells me, looking back on the episode. “I didn’t want to be mean to him. I really didn’t.” Though he has earned a reputation among his media antagonists for being an ambush artist—luring guests onto his show under false pretenses and then humiliating them with “gotcha” questions—Carlson says he’s always upfront while booking interviewees, and strives to avoid mean-spiritedness.
“If I find myself wanting to be mean to anyone, it’s time to stop,” he tells me.
“Does that happen sometimes?” I ask.
He glances down at his salad. “It’s happened once, yeah.”
“With who?”
“With, um, a woman from Teen Glamour.”
I know instantly what interview he’s talking about. “You mean Teen Vogue?”
“Whatever.”
The segment is one of his most notorious—an interview just before Christmas with the liberal writer Lauren Duca. The discussion was supposed to focus on the harassment Ivanka Trump had recently endured during a commercial flight. But the segment got off to a contentious start, and it quickly descended into Carlson nitpicking Duca’s diction and taking petty shots at her employer. After mockingly reading a handful of headlines from Duca’s celebrity fashion coverage, he ended the segment by advising, “You should stick to the thigh-high boots. You are better at that.” The interview promptly went viral, and the host came off looking mean, sexist, and faintly pathetic.
Carlson says now that he regrets the way he handled the interview, and blames his bad behavior on his own lack of preparation for the segment. “I don’t ever want to get mad … I think it diminishes me and the show, and I don’t want to be that way.”
When I ask him why he was so infuriated by Duca, he thinks about it for a moment.
Finally, he answers, “It was the unreasonableness … It’s this assumption—and it’s held by a lot of people I live around—that you’re on God’s side, everyone else is an infidel, and by calling them names you’re doing the Lord’s work. I just don’t think that’s admirable, and I’m not impressed by that.”
Fair or not, this is the essence of Carlson’s case against the educated elites and well-heeled technocrats that comprise America’s ruling class (not to mention his neighborhood). They are too certain of their own righteousness, too dismissive of dissenters, too unwilling to entertain new ideas.
When Carlson first joined primetime last year, he assigned his show a mission statement: “The sworn enemy of lying, pomposity, smugness, and groupthink.” To his critics, the slogan is crazy-making for the brazen hypocrisy they believe it displays. But the potency of the host’s performance is not rooted in personal purity—it’s in his ability to capture the sentiment of a rapidly mutating conservative movement.
Even as denizens of the right continue to sort out what they stand for in the Trump era, they remain united in their hatred of a common enemy, the smug elites who Carlson rails against every night. And while he may have spent his life happily living among them, he’s clearly demonstrated he has no qualms about taking them on.
“Putting smart people in charge of things is fine, but what you really want is wise people,” he tells me, and then quotes something his father used to say: “The beginning of wisdom is to know what an asshole you are.”



ARTICLE
With so many other confrontations over immigration already raging, it was easy to overlook that new skirmish that Republican Senators Tom Cotton of Arkansas and David Perdue of Georgia started last week.
Just weeks into office, President Trump is embroiled in legal and political struggles over his contested travel ban on seven Muslim-majority nations and the expanded criteria for deporting undocumented migrants his administration finalized this week. Cotton and Perdue opened a new front in these escalating immigration wars by proposing legislation that would cut in half the number of legal immigrants and refugees allowed into the U.S. from today’s combined level of about 1.1 million annually. Echoing Trump, Cotton insisted that high immigration levels undermined wages for working-class Americans and threatened to leave them as “a near permanent underclass.”
The bill faces a steep hill because it’s unlikely to attract enough Democrats to break a Senate filibuster. But the legislation will still measure how many Congressional Republicans are embracing Trump’s effort to redefine their party around a bristling defensive nationalism––and how many Congressional Democrats feel compelled to join them.
Although few Republicans represent places with large immigrant populations, in recent years most GOP legislators have hesitated about opposing legal immigration.
The last serious conservative push to reduce it came in 1996—and it failed decisively despite Republican control of both Congressional chambers. Though restrictions cleared the House Judiciary Committee, one-third of House Republicans joined most Democrats to strip them on the floor. In the Senate, legal immigration reductions attracted just 20 votes, drawing opposition from almost all Democrats but also nearly three-fourths of Republicans-including John McCain, Orrin Hatch and Mitch McConnell.
Cotton and Perdue would squeeze legal immigration even more tightly than the GOP proposed then. Based on preliminary estimates, the Pew Research Center projects that limiting future immigrants and refugees to about half their current level would, over roughly the next 50 years, reduce the foreign-born share of the population to just below 10 percent. That's lower than at most points in American history, and significantly below today’s level of around 14 percent. Such a diminished share, however, would track Trump's campaign call to limit future immigration flows to a level that would return the foreign-born population share to what he termed "historical norms"––which has averaged about 10 percent since the Civil War, according to Mark Hugo Lopez, Pew's director of Hispanic research.
Pew’s projections also suggest that with immigration levels like those envisioned by Cotton and Perdue, the number of working-age Americans in coming decades would remain essentially unchanged at around 175 million. By contrast, under current law and migration trends, Pew Research projects the number of working-age Americans will increase by about 30 million over the next 50 years, with immigrants and their descendants contributing almost all of the increase.
Cotton and Perdue say preempting that growth would increase economic opportunities for native-born workers, and some economists agree—to a point. In an exhaustive study last fall, the National Academy of Sciences found “little evidence” that increased immigration significantly affected employment levels for native-born workers, but did see indications it has pressured wages for lower-skilled workers––primarily recent immigrants themselves but also native-born workers who didn’t finish high school (a slim share of the overall workforce). But even there, the study concluded immigration’s impact on wages for native workers “is very small…when measured over a period of 10 years or more.”
Any benefit that might derive from squeezing immigration to benefit those workers would carry other costs. Smaller workforce growth would mean lower overall economic growth. Fewer workers also threaten Social Security and Medicare. The Social Security trustees estimate the senior population will soar from about 48 million now to 86 million in 2050. Without more workers, the taxes needed to support those retirees could reach unsustainable levels, increasing pressure for benefit cuts. Immigration helps maintain a more sustainable balance between the working age and retired population, especially because a significantly higher share of foreign-born adults (half) than native-born (one-third) are younger than 45.
A version of that dynamic is already evident in communities across the Rustbelt states central to Trump’s electoral success. Cities of all sizes there have been actively recruiting legal immigrants to combat population decline and replenish their workforce. In an important study for the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, public policy consultant Rob Paral found that the native-born working age population declined from 2000-2010 in dozens of Rustbelt cities––from Detroit, St. Louis and Kansas City to Akron and Sheboygan––as families left for faster-growing regions. Those places all mitigated that crippling contraction by increasing their population of working-age foreign-born adults.
Although many whites across the region view large-scale immigration as an economic or cultural threat, in fact, “In the Midwest and the Northeast virtually all the metro areas have become dependent on immigration,” Paral says. “Immigration cuts would pull the rug out from under them.”
Like Trump’s protectionist trade agenda, the Cotton/Perdue immigration restrictions envision a zero-sum economy, in which any gains for foreign interests mean losses for domestic workers. That contrasts with the dynamic vision of mutual benefit that an alliance of mostly technology companies-including Apple, Google, Intel and Facebook-presented in their legal brief opposing Trump’s seven-nation travel ban.
“Immigrants make many of the Nation’s greatest discoveries, and create some of the country’s most innovative and iconic companies,” the companies wrote. “The energy they bring…is a key reason why the American economy has been the greatest engine of prosperity and innovation in history.”
In the Trump era, the chasm is quickly widening between those who believe the best way to ensure America’s prosperity (and security) is to build bridges to the world––and those who are determined to erect walls against it.



ARTICLE
The Trump administration issued a new letter on Wednesday: The federal government will no longer stand behind Obama-era guidelines requiring schools to accommodate transgender students based on their gender identity. The new administration is withdrawing two letters, written in 2015 and 2016, in order to “further and more completely consider the legal issues involved.” The Departments of Justice and Education believe “there must be due regard for the primary role of the States and local school districts in establishing educational policy,” it said.
The letter signals how the Trump administration will handle cases of perceived discrimination against transgender students. Toward the end of the letter, the administration notes that “all schools must ensure that all students, including LGBT students, are able to learn and thrive in a safe environment.” The primary disagreement is about where those protections come from: While the Obama administration believed existing civil-rights laws specifically cover transgender students, the Trump administration argues that this interpretation was not based on “extensive legal analysis” and did not undergo any formal public-review process.
This decision to reverse course on transgender rights could have consequences for a number of pending court cases. But most importantly, the letter suggests that the federal government will step back from this fight altogether, leaving it to the states to decide.
The new letter is largely a response to a letter released by the Obama administration last May, which instructed schools to accommodate students based on their stated gender identity. Among other things, this meant schools were required to let transgender students use the bathroom corresponding to their gender identity, and they could not require these students to use special private facilities. The Obama administration also instructed schools not to disclose personal information about transgender students, including their birth name or sex assigned at birth, that “could be harmful to or invade the privacy of transgender students.”
These guidelines were issued under Title IX, the portion of the Education Amendments Act of 1972 that prohibits sex discrimination in education programs that receive federal funding. Especially during the last several years, Obama administration officials took steps to establish “gender identity” as part of “sex” under a number of civil-rights statutes, including Title IX. According to this interpretation, transgender people are protected by law from discrimination in areas from education to health care to employment, in certain cases.
The new letter backs away from this interpretation. The Obama administration’s guidance does not “explain how [its] position is consistent with the express language of Title IX,” the letter states. It also cites the extensive court challenges that have been raised against the Obama-era interpretation. Last spring, 11 states sued the Obama administration over its guidance on Title IX. In August, a federal court issued an injunction preventing the guidelines from being enforced. Scattered lawsuits have additionally been filed across the country challenging school districts’ transgender-friendly bathroom policies, often championed by parents concerned about non-transgender students’ privacy. And court interpretations of other statutes dealing with sex discrimination, including Title VII, have been just as divided.
Now, the Supreme Court is preparing to take up the issue. In March, the Court will hear Gloucester County School Board v. G.G., a case concerning a transgender student in Virginia who sued his school district for access to the boys’ bathroom under Title IX. While a lower court ruled that the student, Gavin Grimm, should be able to use the bathroom according to his gender identity, the Supreme Court stayed the ruling, meaning it is not yet being enforced.
All of this comes back to the Trump administration’s letter. Various court decisions in Gloucester County explicitly referred to the Obama administration’s letter—the Fourth Circuit found that the Education Department’s interpretation of Title IX had “controlling weight” in the case, for example. On Wednesday, the deputy solicitor general notified the Court that the administration’s position had officially changed. With a new interpretation guiding the government, Grimm and other students like him may suddenly find themselves with very different odds of success in court.
In a statement, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos underscored the administration’s commitment to investigate claims of discrimination against LGBT students. “We have a responsibility to protect every student in America and ensure that they have the freedom to learn and thrive in a safe and trusted environment,” she said. “This is not merely a federal mandate, but a moral obligation no individual, school, district or state can abdicate.” That commitment is distinctly different from ensuring that students like Grimm will be allowed to use the bathroom of their choice nationwide, though.
Ultimately, this new letter merely tilts the legal landscape back toward the pre-Obama era—it doesn’t redefine it. In the absence of a clear federal law, passed by Congress, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of gender identity, cases like Grimm’s will likely continue facing uncertain outcomes in court. Jeff Sessions, the U.S. attorney general, noted that the Department of Justice is only in a position to enforce existing law. “Congress, state legislatures, and local governments are in a position to adopt appropriate policies or laws addressing this issue,” he said in a statement.
Meanwhile, the status quo will continue under Trump: “This is an issue best solved at the state and local level,” DeVos said. “Schools, communities, and families can find—and in many cases have found—solutions that protect all students.” The federal government, it seems, will be sitting this issue out.



ARTICLE
The U.S. Supreme Court gave a Texas death-row inmate a second chance to avoid the death penalty on Wednesday, ruling in a 6-2 decision that Duane Buck's lawyer had unconstitutionally introduced testimony suggesting he was more likely to be commit future crimes because he is black.
“As an initial matter, this is a disturbing departure from a basic premise of our criminal justice system: Our law punishes people for what they do, not who they are,” Chief Justice John Roberts wrote for the majority. “Dispensing punishment on the basis of an immutable characteristic flatly contravenes this guiding principle.”
A Texas jury found Buck guilty of capital murder for killing his ex-girlfriend and one of her friends in 1995. His case then moved to the sentencing phase to determine whether he would receive the death penalty. In most states with capital punishment, the phase largely consists of jurors weighing aggravating factors, such as previous convictions, against mitigating ones, like a troubled childhood.
Texas, however, includes an additional step before reaching that balancing act. State laws required the jury to decide whether Buck would pose a “continuing threat to society” if he lived. To assure the jury that Buck did not meet the “future dangerousness” threshold for execution, Buck’s lawyer, a public defender named Jerry Guerniot, called two psychologists to the stand.
Both of them testified that Buck was unlikely to commit further acts of violence. But one of them, Walter Quijano, used a seven-point statistical model to make his determination. The fourth factor was race, with black defendants rated as more likely to commit violent acts in the future.
Guerniot called Quijano to the stand and asked him to discuss his statistical factors. “It’s a sad commentary that minorities, Hispanics and black people, are over-represented in the criminal-justice system,” Quijano testified at one point. He did not revise his argument when cross-examined by the state.
“You have determined that the sex factor, that a male is more violent than a female because that’s just the way it is, and that the race factor, black, increases the future dangerousness for various complicated reasons; is that correct?” the prosecutor asked. “Yes,” Quijano replied.
Presenting that testimony to a jury clearly amounted to inadequate assistance of legal counsel, the justices concluded. “No competent defense attorney would introduce such evidence about his own client,” Roberts wrote. Indeed, Guerniot, who no longer handles death-penalty cases, has received intense criticism for his track record when defending clients facing execution.
Race has long played a role in which defendants get the death penalty and which ones don’t, albeit in subtler ways. What made Buck’s case unusual is that the unconstitutional testimony came not from the prosecution, but from a witness called to testify in Buck’s defense. As my colleague Garrett Epps explained when the Court took up Buck’s case in September, this difference trapped the case in the byzantine morass of death-penalty appeals. The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals first ruled against Buck on procedural grounds in 2006, then rejected his efforts again in 2015 after a Supreme Court ruling on Texas’s appeals system gave him a second bite of the apple.
Justice Clarence Thomas, joined by Justice Samuel Alito, insisted that the Court should have upheld the Fifth Circuit’s interpretation of federal appellate procedure. “Having settled on a desired outcome, the Court bulldozes procedural obstacles and misapplies settled law to justify it,” Thomas complained in his dissent. He also sided with the lower courts’ determination that Buck’s claimed violated of his Sixth Amendment rights had only a minimal affect of the outcome.
The majority of justices conceded those comments amounted to only a brief exchange during the broader sentencing phase. But they also concluded the statements had crossed a constitutional barrier by making Buck’s race an explicit part of the calculus for whether he would live or die. “Some toxins can be deadly in small doses,” Roberts wrote.



ARTICLE
The Trump administration plans to revoke Obama-era guidance that required public schools to allow transgender students to use the bathroom of their choice. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly are scheduled to meet with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto and other officials in Mexico later today. Astronomers discovered a system of seven Earth-size planets orbiting a nearby star, according to new findings published in Nature magazine. The U.S. Supreme Court gave Duane Buck, a Texas death-row inmate, a second chance to avoid the death penalty, ruling that his lawyers had unconstitutionally introduced evidence that suggested he was more likely to commit future crimes because he is black. The 2017 Conservative Political Action Conference kicked off in Washington, D.C.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

‘Democracy in Action’: Frustrated constituents are filling up meeting rooms across the country to voice their concerns to Republican members of Congress. Here’s what’s happening at those town-hall meetings, from Clear Lake, Iowa, to Fairview, Tennessee. (The New York Times)
#WeWillReplaceYou: A new campaign by Bernie Sanders’s supporters and former campaign staff presents Democratic lawmakers with an ultimatum: “oppose Donald Trump at every turn, or face a primary challenger who will.” But Sanders has declined to comment on the strategy. (Ruby Cramer, BuzzFeed)
A Contender for Cruz: Congressman Beto O’Rourke, “a Mexico-loving liberal,” might challenge Ted Cruz for his seat in the U.S. Senate. “Can a Democrat really win in this deeply red state—against Cruz, who will be running one of the best-financed campaigns in the country?” (Ben Terris, The Washington Post)
‘33 Questions About Trump and Russia’: Vox's Matthew Yglesias poses a series of questions about the Trump Organization, Trump's former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, and the president's relationship with Russia.
Shower With Affection: Former Trump campaign staffers shared their secret to reducing his inflammatory tweets during the race: “Ensure that his personal media consumption includes a steady stream of praise,” writes Tara Palmeri. “And when no such praise was to be found, staff would turn to friendly outlets to drum some up.” (Politico)
 
Here Today, Gone Tomorrow: View these graphics to learn how the Trump administration’s proposed visa restrictions could affect the country’s future innovation and economy. (Samuel Granados, The Washington Post)
After a visit to the National Museum of African American History, President Trump pledged to “bring this country together.” What's an effort you've seen in your community—or one you've participated in yourself—that you think could help heal a polarized nation?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
The election of Donald Trump, and the early days of his presidency, have driven many Americans to rummage through history in search of context and understanding. Trump himself has been compared to historical figures ranging from Ronald Reagan to Henry Ford, and from Andrew Jackson to Benito Mussolini. His steps have been condemned as unprecedented by his critics, and praised as historic by his supporters.
To place contemporary events in perspective, we turned to a pair of historians of the United States. Julian Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University. He is the author, most recently, of The Fierce Urgency of Now: Lyndon Johnson, Congress, and the Battle for the Great Society. Morton Keller is a professor emeritus of history at Brandeis University. He has written or edited more than 15 books, including Obama’s Time: A History. They’ll be exchanging views periodically on how to understand Trump, his presidency, and this moment in political time. —Yoni Appelbaum
Julian Zelizer: After President Trump’s rally last weekend there has been a lot of talk about how his predecessors viewed the press. Trump reminded his audience that many others before him have also expressed harsh words for journalists. It seems that Trump is not wrong. From Thomas Jefferson to Abraham Lincoln to FDR to Barack Obama, it has been conventional for presidents to complain, criticize and even attack the media for the way that they cover politics. Of course, President Nixon and Vice President Agnew were among the toughest critics of a press they believed to be biased, slanted, and just wrong. Ever since FDR’s fireside chats, presidents have also looked for ways to circumvent reporters and speak directly to the people.
This isn’t much of a surprise since the press is supposed to serve a watchdog function. Being a pain to the president is essentially the business.
Yet it seems to me, Mickey, that there are important differences between what we are seeing with Trump compared to what we have seen with other presidents in years gone by. The most relevant distinction is the way that Trump has opened up an all-out assault on the news media as an institution from the very start of his presidency. Rather than complaining about how the press treats him or highlighting particular stories that he disagrees with, Trump literally declared war on the media in the first hours of his campaign and has continued to unleash a relentless assault on what he calls “fake news.” It’s a centerpiece of his first hundred days. He makes no distinctions between different parts of the media, simply blasting the entire institution as illegitimate and irrelevant.
The attacks are troubling given that this is a president who is willing to constantly traffic in falsehood. From the moment of his inauguration, Trump has made statements and claims that are not true. He has insisted that he would have won the popular vote, had it not been for massive voting fraud, and that he won the largest Electoral College victory since Reagan. He has made claims about terrorist attacks that never happened, as have his closest advisers, and offered falsehoods about murder rates, the economy, crowd sizes, and more. Through what Kellyanne Conway called “alternative facts,” Trump has been creating his own alternative narrative about world events that actually competes with the fact-based reporting coming from the press. This, too, is a way that he assaults the media, and some of his claims—like voter fraud—have actually gained traction despite the absence of evidence. With a president willing to make such statements in a way that we have not seen before, the standing of the press becomes weaker.
Trump has also gone to war with particular reporters and particular news outlets, like CNN, in a manner that other presidents have avoided. Through his tweets and during his press conferences we have seen him cajole and bully specific reporters, treating them as “enemies of the people.” There were moments during his campaign when reporters were scared for their physical safety. This kind of brutal and explicit intimidation, with the power that comes with the office of the presidency, can have a chilling effect. There were reports that Jared Kushner told Time Warner about his concerns of CNN’s coverage of the White House, as AT&T’s $85.4 billion acquisition of the company still must be approved by the Justice Department and FCC.
The final difference has to do with the nature of the news media in 2017. Technological changes have reduced the number of editorial and production barriers that exist toward the dissemination of information. The internet has allowed for the democratization of news production in way that allow for fabricated information to reach massive audiences, instantly, and in the guise of legitimate information. It is difficult to tell the difference between truth and fiction. While this has always been a problem, never has technology allowed producers of falsehood to disseminate their hoaxes with such ease and rapidity. This combines with a media environment where partisan news organizations have developed massive infrastructures through which to produce biased reporting in polished and sophisticated fashion. With a president who traffics in this kind of information himself, the checks and balances against him have greatly weakened.
So, while it is true that many presidents have had rough words for the journalists who cover them, it seems to me that what we are seeing with Trump is fundamentally different and the threat to delegitimizing this vital institution is greater than ever before. Although Senator McCain’s warning that dictators have this kind of relationship with the press is probably overblown, at this moment, the potential threats are very real with this White House.
Morton Keller: I’m in full agreement with you as to the traditional tension between presidents and the press, and the unique character of the present confrontation. No faux history here!
It is the essence of our politics, and especially Trump’s politics, today, to be outrageous, improvisational, and ever-changing. Partly this is because the news cycle has become so short, and because both the media and the pols are forever on the prowl to get attention. There’s nothing new about this, but Trump’s governing-by-tweeting and his real-estate wheeler-dealer's indifference to reality are new.
But I’m less inclined to conclude that the Republic faces an imminent major threat to its principles and viability. After all, we’re barely a month into the Trump administration, and it is by no means clear that he can rule his party roost the way FDR did in the spring of 1933. The fact of the matter is that our politics now, as during the election, is being buffeted by forces that weren’t widely recognized before (not least by Hillary Clinton and her people).
I think that it is incumbent on us as historians to judge the first hundred days when we have a first hundred days to judge.
I’m not proposing that we should content ourselves with a long-range historians' view of things a la Zhou Enlai’s supposed response when asked what he thought were the consequences of the French Revolution: “It’s too early to tell.” But it is incumbent on us to point out that Trump’s way of doing things isn’t occurring in a vacuum. There is a steady counter-current in the GOP; to some degree the Democratic opposition has adopted the take-no-prisoners style that now prevails in our politics; and there are at least some indications over the past month that Trump is not oblivious to the party, individual, and institutional constraints that are still very much part of the political scene.
It strikes me that the media are as ill-suited to offer a broader, balanced view of what is happening as they were in their coverage of the election. I think it is incumbent on us as historians to strive mightily to offer a larger perspective as the first 30 becomes the first hundred days.
Zelizer: One of your greatest skills is your ability to come back to long-term continuity and sources of stability within our polity. And you are certainly right. Historians will quickly note that we have survived a brutal Civil War, two world wars, Richard Nixon, and much more—so that there is reason to watch how these events unfold before reaching any dramatic conclusions.
That said, I do think some of the potential threats that exist in the Trump presidency grow out of longer-term developments that have been placing serious strains on our political institutions. From the way in which the rightward shift of the GOP since the 1980s has produced a congressional caucus willing to practice obstruction in more draconian ways to the manner in which new media technology has lowered the editorial and production filters to the dissemination of hoaxes and false claims to international audiences, within the seconds, there are challenges we might face as a nation that did not exist this way before. Trump also becomes president at a moment when the strength of the media was already suffering given the horrendous financial difficulties that have lead many newspapers to close and generated a ratings-oriented approach to the production of news, where click-bait can be more relevant than high-quality journalism.
We also have a president who has surrounded himself with some pretty radical voices, like Stephen Bannon or Tom Price, who have devoted much of their time toward the project of dismantling institutions in aggressive ways. That heightens the potential threat that can exist to the media. Just back from a trip to Rome with my family, I was reminded how the most powerful republic can always fall.
But you are also right, of course, that the institutional and political pushback has been quite strong in the first month or so, and the story of this presidency is just starting to take some form.
Keller: I think that at this point in our exchange, it is best to sum up, see where we are, and then resume our conversation on another topic. (A month from now, the political agenda may be quite different.) As before, I think our differences are a matter of degree (and a lot less than 180 of them). You are more immediately worried about the threat that Trump poses than I am; I am less inclined to typify an administration by what it did (and didn’t do) in its first month—especially one as inexperienced (and in some respects as inept) as this one.
One other point of difference: You incline more than I do to the view that the lion's share of the blame for the current polarization lies with the Republicans, and that has been true since the beginning of the Obama years. I have a more nuanced view. I don't think the Republicans were inclined to be cooperative with the administration. By the same token, I don't see much reason to think that the Obama administration sought GOP cooperation (except on its own terms). I think Nancy Pelosi was every bit the fierce, take-no-prisoners partisan that her Republican counterparts were; I think Harry Reid was in a class by himself in eroding the across-the-aisle traditions of the Senate.
As in the case of the media, what has been happening is the institutional consequence of a slowly building new politics of fierce, unforgiving, ideological confrontation. Here, as elsewhere in life, it takes two to tango.



ARTICLE
Now that Republicans control Congress and the White House, the stage is set in Washington for the GOP to enact sweeping legislative change after eight years of President Obama. But for Republicans, that new-found power comes with a caveat: Republican voters tell pollsters they trust President Trump more than they trust GOP leaders in Congress. And if Republican lawmakers clash with Trump, either by opposing his agenda or pursuing one of their own that runs contrary to the president’s priorities, they may face backlash from voters whose support they will need to remain in office.
A Pew Research Center survey released on Wednesday found that if Trump and Republican leaders in Congress disagree, more than half of Republican and Republican-leaning voters—at 52 percent—are more likely to trust Trump. Only 34 percent of Republican voters, in contrast, responded that they would trust their elected leaders in Congress more than the president.
Republican voters also seem to like Trump more than they like GOP congressional leaders. A full 86 percent of Republican and Republican-leaning voters held a favorable view of  Trump compared to only 65 percent who held a favorable view of House Speaker Paul Ryan and 57 percent who felt favorably about Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, according to the Pew poll conducted earlier this month.
Those numbers help explain why Congressional Republicans have not been very critical of Trump despite his unpopularity overall. If GOP leaders split with the president, they risk having their own base turn against them. That dynamic might make Republicans more beholden to Trump’s policy ambitions. It may also make it more difficult for GOP congressional leaders to push legislative items they have long championed, but which Trump has opposed, including cuts to entitlement programs like Medicare or policies that would bolster free trade. It might also make congressional Republicans less willing to take action that could provoke Trump, such as investigating the potential conflicts of interest that arise from his business empire.
Of course, the mere fact that Trump has voiced opposition in the past to various policies that GOP congressional leaders might want to pursue doesn’t necessarily mean he’ll actively dissent in the future. It remains to be seen whether and how much Republicans in Congress will push an agenda Trump disagrees with, and whether he will oppose them if they do.
So far, Republicans in Congress have been supportive of the president. Most Republicans in the Senate have consistently voted to confirm the various members of Trump’s cabinet, though there have been a few defections. There have also been several dissenting GOP voices in the early days of the Trump administration, most notably Republican Senators Lindsey Graham and John McCain. For the most part, however, Republicans in Congress have adopted a deferential approach.
The polling results indicate that Republican voters may be happy to see that. Pew Research shows a sharp uptick in approval ratings for Republican congressional leaders overall among Republican and Republican-leaning voters over roughly the past year. In September 2015, only 26 percent of GOP voters approved of the work their Republican leaders were doing. That number has now shot up to 68 percent.
That rise in approval for congressional leaders, as well as the fact that the vast majority of Republican voters have a favorable view of Trump, underscores that even if Trump remains unpopular nationally his base still approves. While 86 percent of Republican voters have a favorable view of the president, the poll finds that 57 percent of voters overall, and 87 percent of Democratic voters, view him unfavorably.
The findings reinforce the idea that the electorate remains deeply divided. Trump’s popularity with his base, as well as the recent surge in approval for GOP leaders, could also blunt the ability of liberal protesters showing up at Republican town halls to convince GOP lawmakers they face any real electoral danger from voters unhappy with Trump and Congress. Instead, Republicans could rationally conclude that defying the president carries far greater political risks than supporting him.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump was elected president with the help of 81 percent of white evangelical voters. Mike Pence, the champion of Indiana’s controversial 2015 religious-freedom law, is his deputy. Neil Gorsuch, a judge deeply sympathetic to religious litigants, will likely be appointed to the Supreme Court. And Republicans hold both chambers of Congress and statehouses across the country. Right now, conservative Christians enjoy more influence on American politics than they have in decades.
And yet, Rod Dreher is terrified.
“Don’t be fooled,” he tells fellow Christians in his new book, The Benedict Option. “The upset presidential victory of Donald Trump has at best given us a bit more time to prepare for the inevitable.”
The last few years have confirmed an extraordinary cultural shift against conservative Christian beliefs, he argues, particularly with the rise of gay rights and legalization of same-sex marriage. “Christians who hold to the biblical teaching about sex and marriage have the same status in culture, and increasingly in law, as racists,” he writes. Their future will become increasingly grim, he predicts, with lost jobs, bullying at school, and name-calling in the streets.
This, Dreher says, is the “inevitable” fate for which Christians must prepare.
There was a time when Christian thinkers like Dreher, who writes for The American Conservative, might have prepared to fight for cultural and political control. Dreher, however, sees this as futile. “Could it be that the best way to fight the flood is to … stop fighting the flood?” he asks. “Rather than wasting energy and resources fighting unwinnable political battles, we should instead work on building communities, institutions, and networks of resistance that can outwit, outlast, and eventually overcome the occupation.” This strategic withdrawal from public life is what he calls the Benedict option.
Dreher’s proposal is as remarkable as his fear. It is a radical rejection of the ties between Christianity and typical forms of power, from Republican politics to market-driven wealth. Instead, Dreher says, Christians should embrace pluralism, choosing to fortify their own communities and faith as one sub-culture among many in the United States.
But it is a vision that will not be easily achieved. Conservative Christianity no longer sets the norms in American culture, and transitioning away from a position of dominance to a position of co-existence will require significant adjustment, especially for a people who believe so strongly in evangelism. Even if that happens, there are always challenges at the boundaries of sub-cultures. It’s not clear that Dreher has a clear vision of how Christians should engage with those they disagree with—especially the LGBT Americans they blame for pushing them out of mainstream culture.
The Benedict option is not a new proposal. Dreher has been tossing around this idea for roughly a decade, drawing from Alasdair McIntyre’s argument that “continued full participation in mainstream society [is] not possible for those who [want] to live a life of traditional virtue.” It takes its name from St. Benedict of Nursia, the sixth-century priest who created a network of contemplative monasteries in the Italian mountains and inspired generations of monks to seek lives of quiet reflection and prayer.
“Americans have come to rely on middle-class comfort … That is the way of spiritual death.”
Dreher is not suggesting everyday Christians live in poverty and seclusion. “We’re not called to be monks. Monks are called to be monks,” he told me in an interview. “What we have to do is have a limited retreat from the world … into our own institutions and communities.” While some might see this as a means of running away from culture, Dreher argued that the Benedict option is not about bunkering down and waiting for the end times. It’s about “building ourselves up spiritually,” he said, “so we can go out in the world and be who Christ asked us to be.”
The first step, he says, is to recognize that “politics will not save us.” While many Christians have sought defenders and champions in the Republican Party, including Trump, Dreher is skeptical of this model. “Neither party’s program is fully consistent with Christian truth,” he argues.
Instead of looking to elected officials to create their communities, he says, Christians should do it themselves. This means getting involved: “Feast with your neighbors,” he writes, or “join the volunteer fire department.” It requires “[seceding] culturally from the mainstream,” including turning off smartphones and watching only movies and television that are consonant with Christian values. It even means deprioritizing work in favor of richer communal life. “Given how much Americans have come to rely on middle-class comfort, freedom, and stability, Christians will be sorely tempted to say or do anything asked of us to hold onto what we have,” he writes. “That is the way of spiritual death.”
This emphasis on localism extends to worship life. Prayer should guide the rhythms of the day and week, he says. Christians should view church as an opportunity to build communities and find fellowship, not just pray on their own. Even living in close proximity to church can help, he says. When the Orthodox Christian parish in Dreher’s small Louisiana town closed, his family moved to Baton Rouge. “We knew that there would be no way to practice our faith properly in community while living so far from the church,” he writes.
Above all, Dreher advocates institution building. He encourages his readers to pull their children out of public school and enroll them in “classical Christian schools,” praising a model developed in part by the North Carolina-based CiRCE Institute. Such curricula, which can be used by teachers or homeschooling parents, covers “the canonical Western texts” alongside the Bible, sometimes in direct cooperation with churches. Dreher envisions a more robust and sustainable Christian system of higher education, but for now, many students have created intentional communities on their campuses where they can live according to their shared interpretation of the Bible.
The Sexual Revolution has “[deposed] an enfeebled Christianity.”
As Dreher notes, a number of these practices are already embraced by other religious communities. “We Christians have a lot to learn from Modern Orthodox Jews,” he told me in an interview. Many of Dreher’s suggestions appear to echo Orthodox Jewish life, including daily prayers, restrictions on diet and work, and extensive educational networks. “They have had to live in a way that’s powerfully counter-cultural in American life and rooted in thick community and ancient traditions,” he said. “And yet, they manage to do it.”
This comparison is telling about how Dreher perceives the status of Christians in American society. Jews make up less than 2 percent of the U.S. population, and Modern Orthodox Jews are a tiny minority within that group—Pew estimates that they account for 3 percent of all American Jews, or roughly .06 percent of Americans. While it’s impossible to estimate the exact number of Americans who would identify with the ecumenical, theologically conservative Christianity Dreher describes, it is far bigger than the number of Modern Orthodox Jews.
It seems as though Dreher is saying that Christians need to be ready to live as religious minorities. But he fails to acknowledge an important distinction between the two groups, beyond mere size. Jews act like a counter-cultural, marginalized group because they’ve been that way for two millennia—powerless, small in number, at odds with the broader cultures of the places where they’ve lived. The American conservatives Dreher is addressing, on the other hand, are coming from a place of power. For many years, they dictated the legal and cultural terms of non-Christians’ lives. The Benedict option is relevant precisely because America is becoming more religiously fractured, and Christianity is no longer the cultural default.
Dreher is not embracing this fact, or even accepting it peaceably. His work is largely a project of lament. He speaks about Christianity in apocalyptic terms: the Sexual Revolution has “[deposed] an enfeebled Christianity as the Ostrogoths deposed the hapless last emperor of the Western Roman Empire in the fifth century,” and the greatest danger to Christians in the West “comes from the liberal secular order itself.” He prophesies dire scenarios for Christians in America: “We are on the brink of entire areas of commercial and professional life being off-limits to believers whose consciences will not allow them to burn incense to the gods of our age,” he says, warning that young Christians who dream of becoming doctors or lawyers may have to “abandon that hope.”
“As a Christian, I don’t see my sexuality as constitutive of who I am.”
Most importantly, he writes with resentment, largely directed at those who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender and their supporters—the people, he believes, who have pushed Christians out of the public sphere.
“We are on the far side of a Sexual Revolution that has been nothing short of catastrophic for Christianity,” he writes:
It struck near the core of biblical teaching on sex and the human person and has demolished the fundamental Christian conception of society, of families, and of the nature of human beings. There can be no peace between Christianity and the Sexual Revolution, because they are radically opposed. As the Sexual Revolution advances, Christianity must retreat—and it has, faster than most people would have thought possible.
This has had far-reaching consequences in all spheres of life. In the professional world, “sexual diversity dogma” is pervasive, he writes—an attempt by companies to “demonstrate progress to gay-rights campaigners.” In the future, “everyone working for a major corporation will be frog-marched through ‘diversity and inclusion’ training,” he says, “and will face pressure not simply to tolerate LGBT co-workers but to affirm their sexuality and gender identity.”
In politics and culture, “we in the modern West are living under barbarism, though we do not recognize it,” he writes. “Our scientists, our judges, our princes, our scholars, and our scribes—they are at work demolishing the faith, the family, gender, even what it means to be human.”
And in the education world, “public schools by nature are on the front lines of the latest and worst trends in popular culture,” he writes. “Under pressure from the federal government and LGBT activists, many school systems are now welcoming and normalizing transgenderism.” He cites scores of parents whose children come home professing bisexuality and offering “a lot of babble about gender being fluid and nonbinary,” as one of his readers put it. “Few parents have the presence of mind and strength of character to do what’s necessary to protect their children from the forms of disordered sexuality accepted by mainstream American youth culture,” he writes.
Nothing in this language suggests that Dreher is ready to live tolerantly alongside people with different views. If progressives wrote about the Bible as “a lot of babble about Jesus and God,” using language similar to that of the parent Dreher cites, he would be quick to cry foul against the ignorance and intolerance of the left; his language is dismissive and mocking, and he peppers in conspiratorial terms like the “LGBT agenda.” At times, it seems like the goal of the Benedict option is just as much about getting away from gay people as it is affirming the tenets of Christianity. The book seems to suggest that mere proximity to people with alternative beliefs about sexuality, and specifically LGBT people, is a threat to Christian children and families.
These lives pose the question Dreher has not engaged: How should Christians be in fellowship with people unlike them?
Of course, it will be impossible for conservative Christians to fully escape any aspect of mainstream culture, including people who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, and trans. In fact, many of those people grew up in Christian households much like Dreher’s, or may identify with the feelings of cultural homelessness he describes. Their lives implicitly pose the hard question Dreher has failed to engage: How should Christians be in fellowship with people unlike them—including those who feel aggrieved by the church and its teachings?
To his credit, Dreher nods to this, ever so briefly. “The angry vehemence with which many gay activists condemn Christianity is rooted in part in the cultural memory of rejection and hatred by the church,” he writes. “Christians need to own up to our past in this regard and to repent of it.” He does little to specify these past errors, though, and he never tries to answer the broader question: how Christians can live as one people among many in America without learning how to respect and relate to those who challenge their beliefs.
It’s not hard to understand Dreher’s frustration and disorientation about America’s tectonic cultural shift. For many in the United States, “sexuality has become so entwined with identity,” he observed to me in conversation. This is what yields the comparisons to race: People who view sexuality as a fact of their identity may see Dreher’s beliefs as analogous to racism. But “as a Christian,” Dreher told me, “I don’t see my sexuality as constitutive of who I am.” He is working from a different frame of reference, one that is increasingly out of step with Americans’ ways of thinking about culture. The fear winding through his narrative is anxious anticipation of a future when fewer and fewer public spaces will be open to people like him.
And yet, Dreher begrudges a similar fear in people unlike him, including LGBT people who have long wanted to live freely in public—something that was largely impossible when conservative Christians dominated mainstream American life. From this vantage, his Benedict option seems less a proposal for pluralism than the angry backwards fire of a culture in retreat.
Dreher wrote The Benedict Option for people like him—those who share his faith, convictions, and feelings of cultural alienation. But even those who might wish to join Dreher’s radical critique of American culture, people who also feel pushed out and marginalized by shallowness of modern life, may feel unable to do so. Many people, including some Christians, feel that knowing, befriending, playing with, and learning alongside people who are different from them adds to their faith, not that it threatens it. For all their power and appeal, Dreher’s monastery walls may be too high, and his mountain pass too narrow.




ARTICLE
NEW YORK—Milo Yiannopoulos has a new mode, and it’s contrition.
Yiannopoulos appeared before reporters on Tuesday in a rented Soho loft to announce his resignation from Breitbart News and apologize to abuse victims for over-a-year-old remarks on pedophilia that incited a political firestorm over the weekend. Wearing a conservative navy blue suit and sunglasses, which he switched to regular glasses shortly into the conference, Yiannopoulous read a prepared statement in which he said he had been the victim of sexual abuse between the ages of 13 and 16. Yiannopoulos said he was “partly to blame” for the remarks on the tape and that he was “certainly guilty of imprecise language.”
“I haven’t ever apologized before,” Yiannopoulos said. “I don’t anticipate ever doing it again. Name-calling doesn’t bother me, misreporting doesn’t bother me. But to be a victim of child abuse and for the media to call me an apologist for child abuse is absurd. I regret the things I said. I don't think I've been as sorry about anything in my whole life.”
The mea culpa is an unprecedented climb-down for Yiannopoulos, a British-born media personality who has made a career of giving gleeful offense as Breitbart’s technology editor and has become notorious for the protests he attracts at the stops on his “Dangerous Faggot” campus tour.  He was suspended from Twitter last summer during the Republican National Convention for leading a racist harassment campaign against comedian Leslie Jones, and turned up at a “Gays for Trump” party in Cleveland that same night wearing a bulletproof vest.
This week was supposed to be a triumphant one for him. Yiannopoulos was invited to give a speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference, the most important annual gathering on the right. Yiannopoulos’ ideology mostly amounts to trolling the left—and he had even been on Bill Maher’s HBO show this past weekend saying he doesn’t know if he is a conservative. But that didn’t seem to matter. The violent protests at the University of California, Berkeley that had shut down a recent tour date there had not only attracted support for Yiannopoulos from President Trump, but had cemented his status as a free-speech martyr on the right.
CPAC has always had a bent towards inviting outrageous speakers. It was at CPAC in 2007 that conservative pundit Ann Coulter called John Edwards a “faggot.” But the Yiannopoulos invite was illustrative of the dilemma facing small-government conservatives right now as their movement struggles to stay relevant in the face of an ascendant nationalist right spearheaded by Trump. In CPAC’s invitation to Yiannopoulos,, conservative critics saw a desperate ploy for relevance in embracing the white nationalist “alt-right” movement that many associate with him. The episode was yet another skirmish in the ongoing civil war that has gripped the right in the age of Trump.
Matt Schlapp, the chair of the American Conservative Union which organizes CPAC, at first offered an unqualified defense to those criticisms. “We think free speech includes hearing Milo’s important perspective,” Schlapp tweeted on Feb. 18 in announcing the speech. Responding to a critical tweet from National Review’s Jonah Goldberg, Schlapp tweeted on the 19th, “Jonah 1st amendment is dead on campus. Conservatives should fight back. As radioactive as milo is he is fighting back.”
The backlash to the invitation came quickly. On Feb. 19, a Twitter account called @ReaganBattalion tweeted a video of Yiannopoulos appearing to defend adults having sex with minors during an appearance on a radio show. The clip had been online for over a year but had not attracted widespread attention. On Sunday, Schlapp announced that Yiannopoulos’ invitation had been rescinded. On Monday, Simon and Schuster, where Yiannopoulos had recently signed a reported $250,000 book deal, canceled the book’s publication.
All eyes then turned to Breitbart, which had been silent on the scandal since it began. Some in the Breitbart rank-and-file, not all of whom are fans of Yiannopoulos, were unhappy; “people are struggling to know what to think,” one Breitbart reporter who spoke on condition of anonymity told me on Tuesday, before the resignation. “The company hasn’t been communicating with anyone over this.” Two top editors mused about Milo’s future while hosting Breitbart’s satellite radio show on Tuesday morning, with editor-in-chief Alex Marlow calling Yiannopoulos’ comments “indefensible.” By Tuesday afternoon, it was clear that Yiannopoulos’ position had become untenable.
Yiannopoulos declined to answer a direct question at his press conference on Tuesday about whether his resignation had been demanded, or if he had given it freely.
“Alex [Marlow] has been nothing but supportive,” Yiannopoulos said, and said he would keep the specifics of his resignation process “confidential.”
Yiannopoulos said that other publishers had expressed interest in his book,  that it would still come out this year, and that he intended to launch his own independently funded media venture. And he said he would add new dates to his college tour.
There were hints of a planned reinvention into something a bit less hard-edged; “my full focus is now going to be on entertaining and educating everyone, left, right and otherwise,” Yiannopoulos said.
It’s unclear how Yiannopoulos will fund his new venture, and on this topic he was vague, saying “We have some preliminary funding for that, I expect to be raising more.” Yiannopoulos had appeared to be moving away from a day-to-day role at Breitbart for some time; his Facebook page, for example, mostly includes links to his own website.
Yiannopoulos’ finances have mostly been opaque; last year he told Bloomberg that he had a staff of 30 costing $1 million a year, and that he was benefiting from political donors and family money. He told Bloomberg that his college tour would cost $1 million.
The timing of the tape that brought down Yiannopoulos reeked of a coordinated oppo dump, and the clip had been circulating in conservative circles for months. But it was sitting there on YouTube this whole time for anyone to find.
Yiannopoulos’ allies, like “new right” blogger and Twitter personality Mike Cernovich and Infowars editor-at-large Paul Joseph Watson, complained of a coordinated plot to bring him down. “It's clear he never processed his molestation. Everyone is in attack mode,” said Cernovich. “Concern for victims has disappeared. Amazing how this game works. It's a dirty game.” Yiannopoulos himself referred to a “highly coordinated and very well planned and well funded attack on me” during his press conference. Another alt-right Twitter personality, Jack Posobiec, claimed that $250,000 had been spent on the effort to take down Yiannopoulos and alleged that conservative anti-Trump presidential candidate Evan McMullin had been involved.
There’s no evidence of any of that. But who did order the code red on Milo? The incident raised questions about the Twitter feed responsible for injecting it into the Washington bloodstream this weekend, @ReaganBattalion. A person running the @ReaganBattalion feed told me in a Twitter direct message that it is a “handful of conservative-minded commentators who oppose the extreme crazies who try to hijack the movement.”
“We were pointed to it by one of our followers,” the account said. Asked if it had more on Yiannopoulos, it said, “we do,” but added later that “We have no intention of releasing any of it as long as he does not present himself as a spokesman for conservatives.”
On Tuesday, the Reagan Battalion started referring my questions to a spokesman, a pro-Trump New York political operative named Yossi Gestetner, who said that the account was run by “a group of four conservatives” who don’t want to go public because they have received threats. Gestetner said he was being paid but that he didn’t know details about the group’s finances. The group’s “focus is conservatism,” he said. “When they see Trump doing Conservative things they praise; when he does not they speak out.”
After speaking and taking questions for a little under 30 minutes on Tuesday, Yiannopoulos was whisked out of the building. He later updated his Facebook page again. “They have not killed me,” he said. “They have only made me stronger.”



ARTICLE
The Department of Homeland Security issued new rules expanding the number of undocumented immigrants who can be deported from the United States. During a visit to the National Museum of African American History and Culture, President Trump promised to fight bigotry and unite a “divided country.” Trump also denounced the recent wave of threats against Jewish Community Centers in the United States, saying “Anti-Semitism is horrible, and it’s gonna stop and it has to stop.” White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said the administration will issue “further guidance” on former President Obama’s directive on transgender student protections. Breitbart News editor Milo Yiannopoulos resigned from the website after a video surfaced where he appeared to defend pedophilia.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Meet H.R. McMaster: The president’s new national-security adviser is “considered one of the Army’s top intellectuals.” Even some of Trump’s harshest critics say they couldn’t think of a better man for the job. (Austin Wright and Jeremy Herb, Politico)
‘Partisan Balance’?: A Republican lawmaker in Iowa has proposed legislation that would require the state’s board of regents to consider applicants’ political affiliation when hiring university professors. Here’s what he wants. (Reid Wilson, The Hill)
Whiplash at Guantanamo: Under former President Obama, military officials were working on scaling down the detention facility. Now, they’re getting ready to respond to President Trump’s plans to “load it up with some bad dudes.” (Molly O’Toole, Foreign Policy)
‘General Chaos’: Nicholas Schmidle spoke with Michael Flynn, his military colleagues, and Trump officials to detail the retired lieutenant general’s career and what his resignation reveals about the Trump White House. (The New Yorker) 
Stuck in Limbo: Thousands of migrants traveled long, dangerous journeys from their homes to Tijuana, Mexico, “believing this city was their doorway” to a better life in the United States. But tightened border control leaves many of them in shelters scattered throughout Tijuana, unable or unwilling to turn back. (Rory Carroll, The Guardian)
 
Executive Order 9066: In 1942, President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed an order that paved the way for more than 120,000 Japanese Americans to be held in internment camps throughout the United States. These graphics show how one president’s executive order affected a racial minority 75 years ago. (John Muyskens and Aaron Steckelberg, The Washington Post)
After a visit to the National Museum of African American History, President Trump pledged to “bring this country together.” What's an effort you've seen in your community—or one you've participated in yourself—that you think could help heal a polarized nation?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
The Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) takes place this week near Washington, D.C., the first such gathering since Donald Trump took office. The conference purports to be a gathering for like-minded folks who believe, generally, in the well-established principles of the conservative movement, as enunciated by the American Conservative Union.
This year, aside from President Trump himself, activist Milo Yiannopoulos was briefly granted a featured speaking slot, and it caused a lot of disruption, garment-rending, gnashing of teeth, and in-fighting on the right.
Yiannopoulos, who prefers to go by MILO (yes, capitalized), is a controversial figure with dubious conservative credentials, most famous for being outrageous during speeches on his college campus tour, soberly called the “Dangerous Faggot” tour. Throughout the 2016 election, Yiannopoulos seemed to enjoy nothing quite so much as the crass, antagonistic side of candidate Trump. He didn’t just celebrate it; he rode it like a wave to greater stardom.
But on Sunday, a Twitter user recirculated several old interviews with Yiannopoulos, in which he defended the merits of relationships between “younger boys” and “older men,” called for consensual sex between 13-year-olds, and said that a relationship he had with a Catholic priest when he was 14 (he now claims he was 17) was consensual and in fact the child is the “predator” in such a relationship. Critics quickly denounced his invitation to speak at CPAC as evidence of the decline of the right; if not in electoral power, then at least in moral authority.
By mid-day on Monday, he had offered a lackluster defense of his words on Facebook, and CPAC rescinded his invitation.
If Yiannopoulos is a cultural leader for what remains of the conservative movement, then conservatism does not represent millions of people who once claimed it as their philosophical home. But it remains to be seen how the throngs of Trump-supporting Milo fans react to what will undoubtedly be referred to as a silencing of free speech. And already they are making a concerted effort to paint the dissent that led to his downfall as the work of the same group of #NeverTrump conservatives that Trump fans believe symbolizes the “death throes of the Establishment.”
They’re right. That’s precisely who threw a wrench in CPAC’s plans to ride the coverage of controversy that a Milo speech would bring.
But what’s more notable is who did not intervene: evangelical leaders.
Milo’s ascent over the last year was, to a tragic extent, enabled by the willingness of some evangelical leaders to offer their endorsement for the very behavior on display today.
In 2016, there was a lot of discussion about evangelical support for Trump. I grew up in a southern evangelical home with my father, a reverend and seminary professor. And while support from voters like me was treated as a foregone conclusion by conservatives, I was among many people who questioned how leaders of the movement could look past revelations that Trump had been recorded making crass, if not actionable, comments about women while talking to Billy Bush several years earlier. This criticism didn’t come from a place of perfection; certainly we’ve all said and done things we regret.
The criticism was that Trump seemed unapologetic, giving no indication that the man in the recording was not the same man up on stage claiming to possess the moral and ethical clarity needed to clean up Washington, D.C. and “Make America Great Again.”
Indeed, it soon became clear he lacked that sort of clarity, but the overwhelming response from evangelical leaders was indifference.
After a dozen women came forward to claim that they had all personally interacted with the version of Trump heard in that recording, Trump offered no indication he was not the man they accused him of being. He issued some threats about lawsuits, pointed to the behavior of Bill Clinton, and hid behind the evangelical support he enjoyed as proof that the criticisms were moot. The message: He could grab a woman by her—wherever—in the middle of 5th Avenue and not lose their votes.
In spite of this, Franklin Graham, Jerry Falwell Jr., Robert Jeffress and others continued to provide the spiritual security that their religious followers needed to feel okay with their vote. They went on TV, tweeted support, wrote articles, met with the president, and came out emphasizing that Hillary Clinton was worse.
Some went so far as to interpret biblical passages to accommodate their newly flexible worldview, a stark contrast to the principled stand many of them (or the fathers on whose credibility they trade) took in the 1990s when a Democrat was the president.
Evangelical leaders of this stripe seemed to indicate that such petty and insignificant things as “moral depravity” were irrelevant now that the questions were raised by a Republican.
White evangelicals voted for Trump by a wide margin; eighty percent supported him, according to exit polls. But the election didn’t resolve the questions; a month into his presidency, Trump supporters are still defending the indefensible.
Yiannopoulos is simply an extension of the moral ambiguity that evangelical leadership has helped to solidify on the right. Instead of certitude or clarity, many of the national leaders who are responsible for helping to guide millions of Christians trying to navigate the muddy waters of life in American politics have opted for moral relativism. They gave Trump a pass. Will evangelicals now give Trump’s surrogates and spokespersons a pass as well?
Yiannopoulos is one of Trump’s biggest and loudest fans; Trump has returned the compliment. After Yiannopoulos was prevented from speaking at UC Berkeley earlier this month by protesters loudly, and in some cases violently, interfering with his event, the president threatened to pull government funding from the university.
But where were Falwell, Graham, and the scores of evangelicals who had given cover to this president’s moral deficits as the Yiannopoulos unfolded? Silent.
They remained silent precisely at the moment that their moral responsibility should have instructed them to speak loudly; the American cultural decline they promised to reverse continues, moving the country farther from resembling the Christian society they’ve often defended.
The earliest indicator of Trump’s effect on evangelicals came in the fall of 2016, when it was revealed evangelicals had shifted dramatically on the immorality of a politician. Whereas only five years before, with the Lewinsky scandal still part of the national dialogue, only 30 percent of white evangelicals believed an immoral elected official could still perform his or her job ethically, the number rose to 72 percent of white evangelicals.  They seemed to subscribe to the same “none of our business” mantra that they had so derided in the 1990s.
Much like President Bush said in 2008 that he had “abandoned free market principles to save the free market,” the self-professed crusaders on behalf of Christ-like morality in the Culture War have opted to surrender their authority and cede the battlefield while claiming doing so will somehow save the day.
Moral failure is human, and a core tenet of understanding the Christian belief of salvation. But Jesus did not only say to the adulteress “Neither do I condemn you.” He did not merely challenge the assembled sinners to cast the first stone only if it came from a place of sinlessness. He beseeched the adulteress to change her ways.
For today’s evangelical leadership, though, “Now go, and sin no more” seems to have become inconvenient to the church’s newest idol and most precious mission: Republicanism.
Electoral victory, obtained seemingly at any cost, has become more important than all other moral or religious obligations one might assume come with the role of spiritual leadership. Scarcely a month into this brave new version of conservatism, my suspicion is that we have not yet begun to see how far evangelical standards will yield to the Church of Winning.



ARTICLE
The Department of Homeland Security issued new memos on Tuesday that give U.S. officials sweeping latitude to target “removable aliens” for deportation, effectively making  most of the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the U.S. as priority targets.
The memos, issued by Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly, enforce executive orders issued by Trump shortly after taking office. Obama administration policies previously directed immigration officials to focus on convicted criminals instead of the broader undocumented population. Kelly’s memos instruct agents to also prioritize undocumented immigrants who have been charged with a crime but not convicted of it, or committed an act that may be criminal offenses but haven’t been charged for it. Those categories mean that almost any brush with the American law-enforcement system could make an undocumented immigrant a target for removal.
The memo also prioritizes those who “engaged in fraud or willful misrepresentation in connection with any official matter before a governmental agency” or abused a public-benefit program. That could include undocumented immigrants who use fake Social Security numbers to obtain employment, for example. Finally, the memo includes a catch-all category authorizing immigration officials to remove anyone who they believe to pose a “risk to public safety or national security.”
Neither of the memos alter U.S. immigration laws. Instead, they rely on the broad discretion granted to immigration officials by federal statutes to redirect limited resources towards specific enforcement priorities. Under the Obama administration, those priorities typically focused on undocumented immigrants who committed serious crimes. Tuesday’s memos instead give U.S. immigration officials far broader latitude on who can be targeted and why.
To help implement the new policies, Kelly also formally authorized Immigration and Customs Enforcement to hire 10,000 new officials. A second memo signed by Kelly on Tuesday that focuses on operations along the U.S. border ordered the hiring of 5,000 new Customs and Border Protection Agents. Those positions would be exempt from the general hiring freeze imposed by Trump in his initial wave of executive orders.
For Trump’s supporters, Tuesday’s orders come as the first step in fulfilling a central campaign pledge. Few issues animated his presidential run as much as his vociferous opposition to illegal immigration, which included calls for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border and an aggressive effort to deport illegal immigrants currently in the country. Those stances, combined with Trump’s racist comments comparing Mexican immigrants to murderers and rapists, also drew intense criticism from pro-immigration organizations and civil-rights groups.
“These memos confirm that the Trump administration is willing to trample on due process, human decency, the well-being of our communities, and even protections for vulnerable children, in pursuit of a hyper-aggressive mass deportation policy,” Omar Jadwat, the director of the ACLU’s Immigrants’ Rights Project, said in a statement. “However, President Trump does not have the last word here — the courts and the public will not allow this un-American dream to become reality.”
Kelly’s memos also expanded the tools U.S. immigration agencies can use. It authorized federal agencies to expand the 287(g) program, which deputizes state and local law-enforcement departments to enforce some aspects of U.S. immigration laws. According to the memo, 32 agencies in 16 states are currently participating in it. The Marshall Project reported that more than 175,000 people were deported through the program between 2006 and 2013.
Other provisions shift resources toward victims of crimes committed by undocumented immigrants, whom Trump frequently invoked on the campaign trail. The memo also orders ICE to publicly release statistical reports on a monthly basis about undocumented immigrants it apprehends, their country of citizenship, any gang affiliations, and other data.
One of those reports will target so-called “sanctuary” jurisdictions that refuse to cooperate with federal agencies enforcing immigration laws. Under the directive, ICE will release data on non-federal jurisdictions that release non-citizens from custody despite requests from ICE or other immigration agencies to hold them. The data will include each non-citizen’s nation of origin, immigration status, previous and subsequent criminal convictions, and a reason why the ICE hold request wasn’t honored—a clear effort to publicly highlight jurisdictions that refuse to help the Trump administration’s efforts against undocumented immigrants.
But amid the hardline realignment of U.S. immigration policy, the memos also had a notable exception: The Obama administration’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, which shields from immediate deportation undocumented immigrants who entered the country as children. That program’s fate—and the fate of its estimated 750,000 participants in the program—will be addressed in “future guidance,” the memo said.



ARTICLE
“No matter whether the Constitution follows the flag or not,” Finley Peter Dunne’s Mr. Dooley said long ago in an obsolete dialect, “the Supreme Court follows the election returns.”
Both of these—the traveling flag and the election returns—formed a complicated subtext Tuesday at the first argument the Supreme Court has heard in Trump’s America, along with the nature of life along a wall on the Southern border. The question presented, boiled down to its essence, was this. If a Border Patrol officer in the U.S. is so vexed by the antics of a Mexican teenager standing on Mexican soil that he shoots the boy dead across the border, does the Constitution even apply? And if so, does the law give the boy’s father a remedy?
The Justices’ questions of the parties showed little sign that they are considering this issue in a country that has changed—is changing—its attitudes toward foreigners, immigrants, and law enforcement almost hourly, and for the worse. (Indeed, the Administration released its sweeping new guidance memos, which target for deportation a wide swatch of immigrant America, literally while the Court was sitting.)
Those changes in the atmosphere make Hernandez v. Mesa a complicated straw in what may be a very ill wind indeed. The facts are these: on June 7, 2010, a group of Mexican teenagers began playing a silly and aggravating game near a border checkpoint on the Rio Grande between El Paso, Texas, and Ciudad Juarez, in the Mexican state of Chihuahua. The border at this area is a culvert containing the 33-foot-wide Rio Grande; the culvert has sloping concrete inclines on both sides, with fences outside. The teens began running up the incline to touch the fence on the U.S. side, then running back. Agent Jesus Mesa of the U.S. Border Patrol arrived and grabbed one of the boys by the arm as he tried to scamper down the incline. Another boy, Sergio Hernandez, fled past the agent and hid behind a pillar supporting the bridge nearby. Agent Mesa drew his pistol. When Sergio Hernandez looked out from behind the pillar, the agent shot him through the head. The distance was 60 feet.
Hernandez was 15 years old. He died on the spot. He was not armed and, when shot, he was on Mexican soil.
There is dispute about some of these facts. Immediately after the shooting, the CBP claimed that Mesa had fired in self-defense against a rock-throwing crowd. Cellphone videos then surfaced that cast doubt on this. The Arizona Republic reported that one video shows Sergio “peeping out from behind a pillar beneath a train trestle. He sticks his head out; Mesa fires; and the boy falls to the ground, dead.”
There’s been no public official accounting of what happened. The CBP did an investigation itself and concluded there were no grounds to charge Mesa with a crime. Mexico charged him with murder and asked the U.S. to extradite him, which the federal government refused to do. Then Sergio’s parents filed a lawsuit in U.S. federal court against the government and CBP officials, including Agent Mesa. A court dismissed the claims against all defendants; but a panel of the Fifth Circuit reinstated the action against Mesa, holding that the family was entitled to a trial of its claim that the killing of their son amounted to a violation of the Due Process Clause of the Fifth Amendment. The full Fifth Circuit then reversed that decision, dismissing the family’s claims.  
Before a trial could be held on the merits, the Supreme Court granted review of that judgment, asking the parties to argue whether the Fourth Amendment (which forbids “unreasonable searches or seizures,” including arrests and shootings) applied to the case; whether that rule was so clear at the time of the shooting that any “reasonable officer” would have known it; and whether the family should be able to sue Mesa under a 1971 case called   Bivens v. Six Unknown Named Agents of the Federal Bureau of Narcotics. Because there is no general statute permitting civil-rights suits against federal agents, that case is the vehicle for individual lawsuits against federal officials who violate “clearly established” rights. But it is not a favored child of the current court; indeed, as Justice Anthony Kennedy pointed out in argument Tuesday, “Since 1988, this court has not recognized a single [new kind of] Bivens action.”
So Sergio’s family faced an uphill slog, and its progress wasn’t made easier by their lawyer, Robert C. Hilliard, a successful products liability and personal injury lawyer from Corpus Christi, Texas, who seemed out of his depth in the well of the Supreme Court. Representing Agent Mesa was El Paso attorney Randolph Ortega, a specialist in criminal defense. The government—supporting dismissal of the family’s claim—had Edwin Kneedler of the Solicitor General’s office. Kneedler, who is a veteran of well over 100 arguments in front of the court, was at ease; the other two less so.
Watching oral argument is always an exercise in attempted telepathy: what is going on in the fine legal minds sitting on the bench? Seldom has that seemed more true than in late winter of 2017, as the Trump administration begins assembling the legal and logistical machinery necessary for an all-out assault on America’s undocumented population. The court this term has already heard cases examining whether the Department of Homeland Security can hold aliens indefinitely while seeking to deport them, and whether courts can hold federal officials accountable when evidence shows they deliberately subjected detainees to punitive and unconstitutional conditions in detention. Hernandez—baldly put, asks whether the border is a law-free zone.
Questions don’t always telegraph a Justice’s position, but they are the best evidence we have. The court’s four moderate liberals seemed to be laboring to help Hilliard construct a proposed rule that might win five votes; Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito seemed to be worried that applying the Constitution to this case might lead to tort actions against U.S. drone pilots who sit in the U.S. and guide drone aircraft on bombing strikes abroad; and Justice Kennedy seemed to be agonized about the potential bad effects of federal courts blundering into “the most sensitive areas of foreign affairs.”
Hilliard asked the Court to hold that any time a civilian law enforcement officer acts inside the U.S. in a way deprives a foreign civilian on foreign soil of his life, and the other country’s government does not object to U.S. court jurisdiction, the survivors have a cause of action.
“That’s a test that, surprisingly, fits the exacts facts of your case,” Roberts interrupted.
Hilliard replied that the “intent of our rule is simply to involve this Court in addressing an ongoing domestic routing law enforcement issue along our southwest border”—that is, the repeated shootings by CBP personnel of Mexicans on both sides of the border, which, he said “has resulted in at least ten cross-border shootings and six Mexican national deaths.”  Later he said, “the interaction at the border, at our southwest border, has resulted often in shots being fired across the border.”
This is not a good strategy in an appellate court, because it seems to invite the court to become a kind of super-police commission, rather than doing its job, which is to lay down rules of law. Justice Stephen Breyer explained to Hilliard what was needed. His words could be a wall plaque in any aspiring appellate lawyer’s office, because a workable rule is what courts beg lawyers to give them.

[A]re we, in deciding for you ... deciding as well that anyone who suffers a drone strike can come to New York and bring a law case? Are we deciding that the matter is unclear so that when the proper authorities get advice from their lawyers over in the Executive Branch, they have to say we're confused? Okay? So what are the words that we write that enable you to win, which is what you want, and that avoid confusion, uncertainty, or decide these other cases the proper way? That's the question you've been given three times, and I would certainly like to know your answer.

Hilliard never succeeded in giving one. Breyer suggested a rule permitting liability in a special area like the Rio Grande culvert, which is maintained jointly by Mexico and the U.S. Ortega, representing Agent Mesa, repeatedly insisted that “[t]he border is very real and very finite. It's not elastic.  . . .”  Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg tartly responded that “I don't understand all this about Mexico. It's the United States law operating on the United States official who's acting inside the United States. This case has, as far as the conduct is concerned, United States written all over it.”
Ginsburg then suggested that “when there's an act outside that causes injury inside, the regulating rule can come from the place where the conduct occurred.”In other words, U.S. law and the Constitution would apply to Mesa, who was in the  U.S., even if the harm he caused was outside. That argument seemed to appeal slightly to Justice Kennedy, whose vote would be crucial to any decision for the family.
Kennedy mostly seemed to lean toward the government, on the grounds that lawsuits in cross-border shooting cases might complicate relations with Mexico. (Mexico enthusiastically supports the family’s case and has filed a brief on their side with the Supreme Court; but perhaps that would be different in other cases.)  “[I]sn't this an urgent matter of separation of powers for us to respect the duty  ... the principle role that the executive and the legislative have with respect––respect to foreign affairs?” he asked Hilliard.  
Ousting courts from this kind of suit, of course, might leave victims and their families with no remedy at all. Shouldn’t the Justices see what is happening in the country and shy away from any rule that suggests the border is a gateway to a law-free zone?
Perhaps; but the job of an appellate court, as I said above, is not to solve crises but to fashion rules—rules to function in a system of laws. It is to imagine a world in which the Constitution is respected, and the government acts for the common defense and the general welfare, and the courts have every reason not to extend themselves too far into the conduct of foreign and military affairs.
Do we live in that world? If not, is it the job of the Court to create it—or does that task fall to the rest of us?




ARTICLE
Updated February 21 at 10:58 pm EST
The Nashville Jewish Community Center has now gotten so many telephone bomb threats that the dates run together, said Leslie Sax, the executive director. The first call came on January 9, when Nashville was one of the first 15 JCCs to get threats. The next call was January 18, accompanying yet another national wave. The latest was just this weekend, on Presidents’ Day, when 11 JCCs around the country were threatened, according to a spokesperson for the national organization. The Nashville facility, more full than usual with people exercising on the holiday weekend, was evacuated before security gave the all-clear.
“Most people just feel sadness—they’re sad that this is happening,” Sax said. “Everyone keeps saying they’re disheartened and frustrated.” But even though people are upset, they don’t seem to be scared. “I haven’t heard fear,” she said.
Across the United States, Jewish communities are struggling to deal with this new wave of threats. While none of the bomb threats have led to violence, Monday’s calls came around the same time as another attack: Roughly 170 Jewish graves in a Missouri cemetery were desecrated over the weekend, according to The Washington Post. The calls may be a novel form of intimidation, but the context around them is not. American Jews are victims of more reported hate crimes than any other group in the United States, and have been subject to the majority of religiously motivated offenses every year since 1995, when the FBI first started reporting these statistics. The phone calls may not result in violence, but they contribute to an atmosphere of anti-Semitism already well-established in the United States.
In total, the national JCC has tallied calls to 53 JCCs in 26 states in the last two months. On Monday, the calls came in to a wide range of locations: Albuquerque, Birmingham, two locations in Buffalo, Chicago, Cleveland, Houston, Milwaukee, Nashville, St. Paul, Tampa, and Tulsa, according to a list compiled by a national JCC spokesperson. “We are concerned about the anti-Semitism behind these threats, and the repetition of threats intended to interfere with day-to-day life,” said David Posner, the director of strategic performance at the JCC Association of North America, in an emailed statement.
The calls seem to be connected: They are coordinated in timing and message, and often contain generic promises of violence. In one recording, posted by the Jewish Telegraphic Agency, the caller threatens, “In a short time, a large number of Jews are going to be slaughtered. Their heads are going to ... blown off from the shrapnel.” Sax would not share exact details about the calls Nashville has been receiving, but confirmed that theirs have been similar to those recorded elsewhere.
On Monday night, President Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, condemned the attacks on Twitter.

America is a nation built on the principle of religious tolerance. We must protect our houses of worship & religious centers. #JCC
— Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) February 20, 2017
It’s significant that she was the person who made a statement: Trump and her family are Jewish, so they arguably have a personal connection to the attacks. On Tuesday morning, the president condemned discrimination against Jews in a conversation with reporters: “Anti-Semitism is horrible and it’s going to stop. It has to stop,” he said. Previously, the president declined to explicitly condemn recent instances of anti-Semitic threats and violence, including the calls to JCCs. At a press conference on Thursday, an Orthodox Jewish reporter asked him about “an uptick in anti-Semitism and how the government is planning to take care of it.” Trump asked him to sit down, saying that it was “not a fair question”—“I am the least anti-Semitic person that you’ve ever seen in your entire life,” Trump added.
“He was given a softball question and an opportunity to denounce anti-Semitism, and he failed,” said Dave Simon, the executive director of the JCC in Albuquerque, which received its second threatening call on Monday. “That’s deeply disturbing to me, because he’s president of all Americans, and he needs to stand up for our principles—the principles of America.”
The dominant feeling in the Albuquerque Jewish community right now is anger, Simon said. “They’re mostly pissed off at the morons who are doing this. Our JCC is known and loved in the community, and people are angry that it’s being targeted and being disrupted.” Sax said something similar about the frustrations in Nashville: “It keeps us from doing what we need to be doing every day. We’re already very busy,” she said. “It keeps us from doing the other work we had planned to do.”
Both centers have seen an outpouring of support. Nashville has gotten letters and postcards from Massachusetts, Vermont, and Washington state, Sax said, and the neighboring Catholic parish and local Islamic center sent messages of support. The attacks have been widely denounced by Jewish organizations, and political leaders like Hillary Clinton took to Twitter over the weekend to condemn them as well.
In general, JCCs are equipped to handle these kinds of threats. Some, like Nashville, have full-time security staff, and members seem to understand the need for security, Simon and Sax said. People don’t seem to be staying home; they’re still showing up to community events, swimming classes, and pre-school, all of which are central parts of JCC life.
“This is the best time in history to be a Jew in the United States. Our country is so phenomenal, and Jews have come so far in this country, and we have so many blessings,” Simon said. “There’s no question—it’s the best time to be alive, and the best time to be Jewish.” At the same time, he is concerned about rising anti-Semitism in the U.S. and globally, including incidents of swastikas being painted in public spaces. “We can’t tolerate anti-Semitism or hate and discrimination against anybody,” he said.
I asked Simon whether he is scared by the threats. “Not at all,” he replied. “The cowards who phone in bomb threats don’t scare me … The people who want to do real harm don’t phone ahead.”



ARTICLE
Are Donald Trump’s latest attacks on the press really that bad? Are they that out-of-the-ordinary, given the famous record of complaints nearly all his predecessors have lodged? (Even George Washington had a hostile-press problem.)
Are the bellows of protest from reporters, editors, and others of my press colleagues justified? Or just another sign that the press is nearly as thin-skinned as Trump himself, along with being even less popular?
I could prolong the buildup, but here is the case I’m going to make:  Yes, they’re that bad, and worse.
I think Trump’s first month in office, capped by his “enemy of the people” announcement about the press, has been even more ominous and destructive than the Trump of the campaign trail would have prepared us for, which is of course saying something. And his “lying media” campaign matters not only in itself, which it does, but also because it is part of what is effectively an assault by Trump on the fundamentals of democratic governance.
I don’t know whether on Trump’s own part this campaign is consciously thought-through and strategic: The evidence suggests that he is a man of instinct and impulse rather than patient multi-move deliberation. The evidence about formal and informal members of his constellation, from official advisor Steve Bannon to unofficial ally and model Vladimir Putin, suggests a far more purposeful approach. But whatever its origin, Trump’s record in office is emerging as something different from any previous president’s.
Everyone who has sat in the Oval Office has complained about the way various checks on his power—by the judiciary, the press, stated rules and unstated norms, the opposition party, and alliances and diplomatic obligations—interfere with his ambitions. Trump’s views amount to a rejection of the very existence of those checks. Even in their bitterest tirades against a hostile press (LBJ, Nixon, Clinton, many others), an intransigent court (FDR), a “do-nothing Congress” (Truman, Obama), or feckless allies (take your pick), previous presidents have shown some inner sign that they recognize the legitimacy of a checks-and-balance system, or at least the need to pay it lip service. The standard presidential complaint boils down to: “Sure, we need a free press. I just want it to be ‘fairer’ to me.”
But what Trump has said about the press and all other institutional buffers on his power reflects a simpler calculus, not institutional but tribal. These other centers of power are either for him, or they are against him. If they are for him, they are good—from foreign leaders who congratulate him or call him “brilliant,” to polls that show results to his liking, to “very honorable” news shows like Fox and Friends. Or they are against him, and if the latter they are “so-called,” “phony,” “failing,” “cheating,” “crooked,” or otherwise to be discredited.
Donald Trump accepts the existence of the formal and informal institutional structure that constitutes American democracy only as long as that suits his purposes, and disdains or directly attacks it when it gets in his way. The consistency and extent of this approach have no U.S. precedent that I’m aware of. During the Republican convention in Cleveland last summer, I was in the hall when Trump delivered the most chilling line of his acceptance speech: “I alone can fix it.” Americans have had and supported strong presidents before. This is the closest we have come to a caudillo.
***
On the specific problems with Trump’s attack on the press, such a rich literature has arisen so quickly that it makes most sense just to list some of the highlights. They include: Jonathan Karl of ABC, “The Free Press is a Big Part of What Makes America Great”; Chris Wallace of Fox, “Trump Has Crossed a Line”; Brian Stelter of CNN on the need for “media literacy”; David Remnick of The New Yorker, on “Donald Trump and the Enemies of the American People”; Michael Tomasky of the Daily Beast, on the aptness of the Ibsen play An Enemy of the People; Joel Simon of CJR on Trump’s strategic similarities to Hugo Chavez; Allison Hantschel of First Draft, on “Enemies and their people”; Jay Rosen of PressThink on “Steve Bannon’s Styrofoam Balls”; Emily Esfahani Smith of New York magazine, on the increasingly tribal dimensions of “fact”; Emily Dreyfuss of Wired on the modern nature of the lie; Jon Finer in The Atlantic on why this is a dangerous time for the press and the presidency; and, for good measure, Anthony Lewis’s 2006 review in the NYRB of a biography of Joe McCarthy. Please read all of them and the many others they link to.
Probably the most sustained of these arguments is that of The Wall Street Journal’s editorial writer Bret Stephens, last week in his Daniel Pearl Memorial Lecture at UCLA (as reprinted full-length in Time). He develops at length, and very well, the point I am suggesting  here. It’s fair to disclose that in the pre-Trump era I disagreed with Stephens’s views pretty much across the board on international and domestic policy. He was for the Iraq war and against the Iran nuclear deal; my views were the reverse. Similar, and on the same issues, I took a different view of the pre-Trump world from the Washington Post’s editorial writer Jennifer Rubin. I assume I’ll disagree with Stephens and Rubin again whenever Trump has gone. But in the year and a half since Trump appeared on the horizon, these two have distinguished themselves in standing up for conservative principles, and the underpinnings of small-l liberal democracy, rather than partisan accommodationism. People looking back on this era will contrast them and their clarity with the party leaders who have been so busily averting their eyes.
Back to Stephens’s address. He starts by contrasting Trump’s media complaints with those of other politicians (emphasis added):

But the question of what Mr. Trump might yet do by political methods against the media matters a great deal less than what he is attempting to do by ideological and philosophical methods.

Ideologically, the president is trying to depose so-called mainstream media in favor of the media he likes—Breitbart News and the rest…

His objection to, say, The New York Times, isn’t that there’s a liberal bias in the paper that gets in the way of its objectivity, which I think would be a fair criticism. His objection is to objectivity itself. He’s perfectly happy for the media to be disgusting and corrupt—so long as it’s on his side.

And then Stephens extends the argument to one of the traits that most strikingly distinguishes Trump from most other politicians: that he does not care if he is shown to be telling obvious, easily disprovable lies. The inner power of the norm against lying is such that even people later renowned for high-stakes falsehoods—Richard Nixon, Bill Clinton, John Edwards, Mark Sanford—tried to avoid telling lies until it was “useful” or “necessary,” and betrayed their discomfort when they were caught. As I argued just after the election, the unsettling novelty of Trump is that he tells lies when they’re not useful, he tells lies when he knows they can be disproven, he lies and shows less remorse than a lizard when the lie is exposed.
Stephens describes a recent exchange Trump had with Bill O’Reilly, in which O’Reilly asked him about his unconnected-to-reality claims that there had been millions of illegal votes. From Stephens’s speech:

The president replies [to O’Reilly’s challenge]: “Many people have come out and said I’m right.”…

I think it’s important not to dismiss the president’s reply simply as dumb. We ought to assume that it’s darkly brilliant—if not in intention than certainly in effect. The president is responding to a claim of fact not by denying the fact, but by denying the claim that facts are supposed to have on an argument.

He isn’t telling O’Reilly that he’s got his facts wrong. He’s saying that, as far as he is concerned, facts, as most people understand the term, don’t matter: That they are indistinguishable from, and interchangeable with, opinion; and that statements of fact needn’t have any purchase against a man who is either sufficiently powerful to ignore them or sufficiently shameless to deny them—or, in his case, both….

If I had to sum it up [this view] in a single sentence, it would be this: Truth is what you can get away with.

***
Why does this matter? Because the entirety of the liberal-governing experiment of the past four centuries involves checks on what you can get away with. Doing what you can get away with is the governing ethic of the tribe, of the feudal lord, of today’s autocrats. It’s the ethic of Tony Soprano—although a difference between him and Donald Trump is that Tony showed more awareness of codes he was supposed to observe, and more inner conflict when he did not observe them.
The work of the people who created the American presidency and its surrounding institutions, who moved us from the world of the tribe and the fief to that of the republic, is that the system required checks and limits to survive. I will bet all the money I have that Donald Trump is not familiar with James Madison’s Federalist Paper #51 or its famous “if men were angels” argument. But of course the challenge Madison set out in 1788 is the one that confronts the republic all these long years later:

If men were angels, no government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary. In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men, the great difficulty lies in this: you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place oblige it to control itself. A dependence on the people is, no doubt, the primary control on the government; but experience has taught mankind the necessity of auxiliary precautions

The first 44 occupants of the White House have chafed against some implications of that passage, and against the often-frustrating checks-and-balances structure that arose from it: “auxiliary precautions,” “control itself,” and so on. But they have recognized the legitimacy and necessity of this complex work of governing. Most have tried to maximize their power, while arguing that they are still working squarely and respectfully within established and necessary bounds.
Those bounds are what the 45th incumbent is probably unaware of, and certainly now disregards. Of the institutions that might check him:
***
Twenty years ago, in what now seems an Edenic time, I wrote a book called Breaking the News.  The Atlantic ran a cover-story excerpt called “Why Americans Hate the Media.” The book’s main argument was that when reporters presented an overly conflict-centered, tactics-minded, “horse race”-dominant picture of public life, they hurt the news business, and they hurt the function of democracy as well. If the press served up public life as just another version of reality TV, but with less-interestingly scripted plot lines and less-sexy-looking participants, then the public would naturally turn away from this less enticing entertainment and go for the real thing. Back then, it was quaintly possible to think of “news” and “entertainment” as separable realms.
We’re now a million miles down the news-as-entertainment road. Instinctively by Trump, perhaps strategically by Bannon and others, the Trump moment has promoted the idea that there are no facts, no reality, no authorities, no actual truth. There’s only us and them. Donald Trump's caudillo skill as a performer is being the “I” who can be the voice of the “us.” He’s simply better at that than the other side is. I expect if any reporters with experience in 1930s Italy were still around, they’d be writing about parallels with Il Duce. It is no coincidence that reporters who have dealt with state-news systems in autocratic Russia (like David Remnick or Masha Gessen) or China (where I have lived) are more much concerned by Trump than amused.
I won’t draw the comparison to reporters who were in Germany in the 1930s; that is heavy-handed, and a stretch. But I’ll close with part of an interview with Hannah Arendt, who was one of the great interpreters of that era. This is from an interview published in 1978 in the New York Review of Books, freshly relevant now:

The moment we no longer have a free press, anything can happen. What makes it possible for a totalitarian or any other dictatorship to rule is that people are not informed; how can you have an opinion if you are not informed? If everybody always lies to you, the consequence is not that you believe the lies, but rather that nobody believes anything any longer. This is because lies, by their very nature, have to be changed, and a lying government has constantly to rewrite its own history. On the receiving end you get not only one lie—a lie which you could go on for the rest of your days—but you get a great number of lies, depending on how the political wind blows.

And a people that no longer can believe anything cannot make up its mind. It is deprived not only of its capacity to act but also of its capacity to think and to judge. And with such a people you can then do what you please.




ARTICLE
Donald Trump is feeling good about taxes. In his gonzo press conference last Thursday, he assured Americans that “very historic tax reform” is absolutely on track and is going to be—wait for it!—“big league.” The week before, he told a bunch of airline CEOs that “big league” reform was “way head of schedule” and that his people would be announcing something “phenomenal” in “two or three weeks.” And at his Orlando pep rally this past weekend, he gushed about his idea for a punitive 35 percent border tax on products manufactured overseas. The magic is happening, people. And soon America’s tax code will be the best, most beautiful in the world.
But here’s the thing. What Trump doesn’t know about the legislative process could overflow the pool at Mar-a Lago. And when it comes to tax reform, even minor changes make Congress lose its mind. Weird fault lines appear, and the next thing you know, warring factions have painted their faces blue and vowed to die on the blood-soaked battlefield before allowing this marginal rate to change or that loophole to close.
Such drama has, in fact, already begun over the proposal percolating in the House. At issue: a provision known as the border adjustment tax—let’s call it BAT—which, shrunk to its essence, incentivizes domestic manufacturing by slapping a 20 percent levy on imports, while making U.S. companies’ export-revenues tax deductible.
BAT fans—most notably House Speaker Paul Ryan and Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady—pitch the provision as an economically elegant twofer: an America-First measure that discourages companies from moving operations overseas while creating a revenue stream ($1 trillion every decade or so) that allows the overall corporate tax rate to be slashed.
Opponents—most vocally Senators David Perdue and Tom Cotton—argue that a BAT is another grubby government cash grab that will ultimately hurt consumers when, say, Walmart has to jack up the prices of underwear, bananas, and Playstations. In a February 8 letter to colleagues, Perdue, who spent four decades in the business world, charged that the BAT is “regressive, hammers consumers, and shuts down economic growth.”
Thus the battle lines are drawn. And, make no mistake, this will not be some bush-league, penny-ante skirmish. Behind the legislative factions are amassing some of the heaviest hitters in corporate America, ready to spend millions to sway debate on behalf of their team.
Roughly speaking, companies that do a lot of exporting dig the BAT (think: Boeing, Merck, and Dow Chemical) while import-dependent retailers (including Target, Nike, and, yes, Walmart) fear it will destroy their bottom lines. The oil industry isn’t feeling much BAT love either. The Koch brothers want it dead, like, yesterday.
At this point, anti-BATers have an edge. Why? Partly, because the provision is super complicated and almost impossible to explain in terms that don’t sound like something a coven of economists vomited up. Ask BAT fans why the provision won’t, in fact, hurt retailers or consumers, and you’re instantly hip-deep in talk of currency revaluation, purchasing power, and territorial taxation. Last Wednesday, one day after Paul Ryan tried to educate Senate Republicans on the wonders of BAT at their weekly policy lunch, Tom Cotton (who represents Walmart’s home state of Arkansas) snarked on the Senate floor, “Some ideas are so stupid only an intellectual could believe them.”
This is in no way to suggest that the pro-BAT arguments are wrong. They simply don’t push the same buttons as anti-BAT warnings that Congress is poised to screw consumers in order to fund big tax cuts for corporations.
For the past few weeks, in fact, an anti-BAT coalition called Americans for Affordable Products has been busy hawking this exact message. “This is a consumer tax—a means by which House Republicans are paying for other tax deductions,” asserted AAP member Brian Dodge. “It’s not about America First. It’s not a trade-deficit reduction tool. It is a pay-for.”
AAP is lobbying lawmakers and staffers and doing public outreach. Last Wednesday, it dispatched eight CEOs to chat with Trump and Vice President Pence. “We view our job as leading a large education campaign,” said Dodge. “We believe the more that lawmakers understand about this proposal, the less inclined they’ll be to support it.”
Of course, BAT fans are gearing up as well and promise to be equally aggressive. The day after the AAP roll out, the American Made Coalition launched, with an eye toward helping Ryan’s office spread the good word. “It takes time to educate both policy makers and businesses on what’s on the table,” said Brian Reardon, an adviser to the group.
There is no place for subtlety in this war. Part of BAT supporters’ argument is that, without the provision, tax overhaul will implode altogether. Message: Get on board or kiss your once-in-a-lifetime reform opportunity good-bye.
It’s a question of Senate math. To pass with a simple majority (and avoid a filibuster by Democrats), the GOP’s plan must go through under the procedure known as reconciliation. But to qualify for reconciliation, the package--which slashes both corporate and upper-bracket taxes--cannot blow a hole in the long-term budget. Without the $1 trillion in revenues from BAT, say advocates, there’s no way that hole can be plugged.
“This is the only way at these rates and keeping things revenue neutral,” insisted a senior Republican aide. There is no other viable option. Period. End of story.
But anti-BATers are eyeing a different Senate equation. To amass even a simple majority of votes, the BAT can lose only two of the 52 Republican members. (Unless Democrats cross the aisle, of course.) In addition to Cotton’s and Perdue’s open hostility, Senators John Boozman, Mike Rounds, John Cornyn, Tim Scott, and Mike Lee have all expressed reservations. "I have real concerns that this piece of the House blueprint will cause more disruption than necessary,” Lee said. “Will the dollar suddenly shoot up by 20 percent? Will U.S. manufacturers have to redo their international supply chains? These are all open questions.”
With the provision’s Senate prospects iffy, there’s less incentive for House conservatives to support something that smells even faintly like a tax. Both the current chairman of the Freedom Caucus, Mark Meadows, and the former chairman, Jim Jordan, have said they’d like reform done without a BAT.
“My reasoning is very basic,” Jordan told me. “Why in the world would we want to add another revenue stream?” You can debate the impact on exchange rates and purchasing power all day, said Jordan, but that doesn’t address many conservatives’ core objection. “We come at it from fundamental perspective,” he said. “The idea that you’re going to add an entirely new tax is a big problem.”
(BAT fans, for the record, dispute that this is a new tax. It is, they insist, replacing the existing system with an entirely new, far superior one that must be looked at, as Reardon put it, “holistically.”)
The only thing everyone can agree on is that this will be a long, ugly fight. If Trump drops his tariff idea and embraces BAT, it could boost the cause. But even then, he’d need to do major arm-twisting to get Senate skeptics on board (especially with the likes of Walmart and the Kochs twisting the other arm.) Like it or not, this is what the political big leagues are like: slow, messy, and infuriating.
The up side for Trump: He’ll have time to throw a lot more pep rallies on this topic before anything gets decided.




ARTICLE
Let me be as clear as I can be: The president’s selection of H.R. McMaster to be his new national security adviser is unambiguously good news. The United States, and the world, are safer for his decision.
McMaster is one of the most talented officers the U.S. Army has ever produced. That sounds like hyperbole but isn’t. In the Gulf War, he led an armored cavalry troop. At the Battle of 73 Easting—a battle much studied since—his 12 tanks destroyed 28 Iraqi tanks, 16 armored personnel carriers, and 30 trucks. In 23 minutes.
In the next Iraq war, he led a brigade in 2005 and was among the first U.S. commanders to think differently about the conflict and employ counterinsurgency tactics to pacify Tal Afar—one of the most wickedly complex cities in Iraq. He excelled at two different echelons of command in two very different wars.
In between, he earned his Ph.D. in history and wrote a best-selling book, Dereliction of Duty. With great foresight, I neglected to read it until three months ago, so the book remains fresh in my memory today. One thing that stands out in the book is the way in which McMaster criticized the poorly disciplined national security decision-making process in the Kennedy and Johnson administrations, and especially the way in which the Kennedy administration made national-security decisions by a small group of confidants without a robust process to serve the president.
Like Ben Bernanke, a student of the Great Depression brought in to lead the Federal Reserve immediately prior to the Great Recession, McMaster comes to his job having carefully studied and criticized the national-security decision-making process for which he will now be responsible.
I have known McMaster for over a decade and cannot imagine a more decent man in his position today. This job is going to drive him crazy, because he does not suffer fools gladly. Unless he has been given some assurances about both staffing and process, he will struggle in a competition to influence the president—to be the last man in the room when the president makes a key decision.
But as Nick Schmidle observed in his very smart profile of Mike Flynn in The New Yorker this week, Flynn went into his job wanting to reduce the influence of the national-security staff but soon discovered that the staff and its processes gave him enormous leverage within the U.S. government. McMaster already understands that, and he will use it to his advantage.
The biggest challenge for any adviser to this president, however, is not other advisers but the president himself. Swedes weren’t the only ones scratching their heads this weekend about the way in which this president receives information and makes decisions. The vice president, the secretary of state, and the secretary of defense were all in Europe and the Middle East trying to reassure allies over the long weekend—but were met with justifiable unease about the president’s temperament and prior statements.
I fear this president and his known weaknesses will be too much for even as great a public servant as McMaster. But—and again, this is not hyperbole—I will tuck my sons into bed tonight feeling a little better about the country in which I am raising them.




ARTICLE
An administration in turmoil.  A president sometimes “absolutely out of his senses.” Panic over foreign terror; a lurch toward war; rumors of immigrant roundups; foreign meddling in American politics. Fear and despair over the American Republic, once seemingly favored of Heaven, now teetering on the verge of dictatorship or chaos.
The year: 1800.
The case: America’s first great leak investigation.
President Donald Trump claims public concern about possible Russian intervention in the U.S. presidential election is a “ruse” concocted by Democrats smarting over their defeat in the election last year. “The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by ‘intelligence’ like candy,” he tweeted February 15. “Very un-American!”
But is it? Consider the case of William Duane, editor of the Philadelphia Aurora. Even by the rough-and-tumble standards of 18th-century American journalism, both the editor and the paper were stunningly partisan. They vociferously supported Vice President Thomas Jefferson and his nascent Democratic Republican Party, and conducted an all-out verbal onslaught on Jefferson’s foe, “His Rotundity” President John Adams. The Jeffersonians had been the subject of a two-year campaign of legal intimidation by the administration of John Adams and the Federalist Party. In 1798, the Federalists had rammed through Congress the Sedition Act. Under its terms, pro-Jefferson editors could be—and had been—jailed for printing any matter critical of the president or the Congress, “to excite against them, or either or any of them, the hatred of the good people of the United States, or to stir up sedition within the United States.” (The law pointedly excluded the vice president from its coverage; Jefferson could be, and was, attacked freely by the Federalist press.)
Meanwhile, the U.S. and France had drifted into an armed conflict later known as the “Quasi-War.” Federalist fears of pro-French radicalism led to the Alien Act and the Alien Enemies Act, the first anti-immigrant statutes in American history. These laws gave the president sweeping power to arrest and deport any alien who was from an “unfriendly” country, who was “dangerous to the peace and safety of the United States,” or who was “concerned in any treasonable or secret machinations against the government.”
The Alien and Sedition Acts provoked the nation’s first civil liberties crisis. They spurred fierce resistance from ordinary Americans, who rejected xenophobia and treasured the right to criticize their leaders. By early 1800, a major popular backlash had set in. Sober Federalists realized that Adams faced long odds against his re-election that fall.
So they did what many politicians today would: they decided to fix the election. Senator James Ross of Pennsylvania introduced in the Senate an “electoral count act.” In Freedom’s Fetters: The Alien and Sedition Laws and American Civil Liberties, the historian James Morton Smith called this proposed act “a thoroughly vicious measure.” It would have ended the public counting of electoral votes by Congress, instead giving the task to a secret “grand committee” made up entirely of Federalist legislators and judges, empowered to reject behind closed doors any electoral votes it decided were obtained by fraud or illegality—and thus tip an election from Jefferson to Adams regardless of the popular will.
Proceedings, and proposed laws, in the Senate at that time were not public. However, three Jeffersonian senators, alarmed at the attempted coup, leaked the text of the proposed bill to Duane, who published a report in the Aurora on February 19, 1800.
Popular revulsion at this power grab doomed the “electoral count” measure, but (surprise!) what truly outraged Senate Federalists was the leak. Federalists in the Senate voted to summon Duane to face “trial” in front of them for “contempt”—the “crime” of breaching the unwritten “privilege” of the Senate. In that proceeding, he would be required to reveal who had given him the proposed bill. Senator Uriah Tracy, a Federalist from Connecticut, told his colleagues that the proceedings might “lead us to discover some person whom we can punish,” and perhaps allow the body to expel the senators who had dared leak the draft bill to the Aurora.
Duane requested the assistance of counsel and the right to present evidence. The Federalist majority replied that lawyers could appear but could make no challenge to the Senate’s power to conduct the trial, and that Duane could not introduce evidence in his defense, only ask for leniency. Rather than face prison, the editor went into hiding, but continued taunting his would-be persecutors in the pages of the Aurora. Frustrated in their plans for a star-chamber trial, the Federalist senators finally requested the administration to prosecute the cheeky editor in federal court under the Sedition Act. This Adams dutifully did—but by the time the case came to trial, he had been turned out of office. Jefferson, his successor, instructed federal officials to treat the Act as a legal nullity; Duane’s case was dropped.
Think about the Duane case when you assess the cries of “Shocked! Shocked!” from Trump and his allies about the terrible, horrible, no good, very bad leaks that forced the resignation of Mike Flynn as National Security Adviser. Someone inside the government must have grown concerned by the following facts: First, a high level Trump adviser reportedly called a Russian official during the transition and discussed the sanctions being put in place against Russia to punish it for its apparent intervention in the American election, a grave breach of protocol and possibly of federal law; second, the same adviser reportedly misled investigators and others in the new administration—inconsistencies easily revealed by the transcript routinely made by American intelligence officials; and, third, the president himself had been told by the proper officials about the call and the statements, and about the possibility that Flynn, by violating federal law against lying to federal investigators, had rendered himself susceptible to Russian blackmail—and yet had chosen to do nothing about this possible grave security breach by his adviser.
Imagine you were the one to whom this information came. You, as much as Flynn or the president, have sworn an oath of allegiance to the U.S. and its Constitution, and you are entrusted by the law with responsibility for protecting them, by monitoring espionage and meddling by foreign intelligence agencies. You see facts that raise the specter at best of a serious potential intelligence breach—and at worst of active collusion between high U.S. officials and agents of Russian intelligence. You have seen the a new president not only deny these facts but attack and ridicule those who gathered them, and even compare these American public servants to Nazi and Soviet thugs.
Quite clearly, as it stands, nothing will be done to investigate what the surveillance has revealed. The potential risk to the nation is grave.
What would you do?
I have never been in that position. I hope—oh, how I hope!—that if I were, and I faced a choice between remaining silent about possible disloyalty at the highest levels on the one hand and revealing classified information on the other, then I would choose, at my own risk, to let the world know of the danger and the cover-up.
And if I did that, it might comfort me to know that what I had done might be a mistake, and certainly would be dangerous, but was not, whatever Trump may tweet, “un-American.”
William Duane’s story shows us that leaking, and publishing leaked information, is as American as hard cider, and has, at some points in our history, qualified as an act of high patriotism.
In 1800, the leak of the “electoral count” proposal may have preserved American democracy against a plot to hijack it for partisan advantage. It will be a long time before history can render a verdict on the leaks of 2017. But the story of Duane does suggest that Americans should turn a skeptical eye at the pieties of any official who professes to be more upset at the leak itself than at the prospect of foreign meddling in our government.



ARTICLE
At the dawn of a turbulent era in American history, an inexperienced but media-savvy President, early in his first term, was obsessing about negative press.
John F. Kennedy, who had grown accustomed to compliant coverage, was running up against the limits of his power to control the public narrative when neither the world nor the press would read from his script. Halfway around the globe, a small band of foreign correspondents were undercutting the White House with stories that showed the United States becoming more deeply involved (and less successfully) than the government acknowledged in what would become the Vietnam War.
Relations between the Saigon press corps and the United States Embassy had deteriorated into "a mutual standoff of cold fury and hot shouts––Liar! Traitor! Scoundrel! Fool!––with an American foreign policy teetering precariously in the void between," wrote William Prochnau in Once Upon a Distant War, an under-appreciated account of fraught relations between the government and the press.
At his wit's end one day in 1962, Kennedy dialed up his long-time friend James Reston, the legendary columnist and New York Times Washington Bureau Chief with an urgent request, in the interest of national security: fire war reporter David Halberstam. Reston declined. Halberstam persevered, the war proving every bit the disaster he had foreseen. And even the President eventually lamented, upon reading the Times one morning, "why can I get this stuff from Halberstam when I can't get it from my own people?"
I read Prochnau on the advice of my editor at The Washington Post, just before I flew to Kuwait in early 2003, to cover the invasion of Iraq, embedded with a U.S. Marine infantry unit. I spent the better part of the succeeding three years living in, and writing about, Iraq, and clashing occasionally, though never spectacularly, with the U.S. Embassy there.
More recently, from 2009 to 2017, I was on the other side of those clashes, working on foreign policy in the Obama White House and State Department, dealing frequently with my former journalism colleagues along the way, who were covering our efforts.
I have thought a lot about both experiences since Donald Trump's Friday night tweet labeling the media "enemies of the American people," and about why his repeated assaults feel so different from those of his predecessors. The Founding Fathers set a course for such collisions by both recognizing the need for the government to keep secrets, and codifying the right of the press to ferret them out.
The relationship between the government and the press should be adversarial, as their missions are often at odds. As those seeking to downplay the current confrontation have rightly pointed out, this has resulted in a power struggle between that is as old as the Republic itself.
But Trump’s relationship with the media represents something new and potentially dangerous to both. He is the first President to publicly question the place of the media in American society itself. And his branding of the press as an "enemy" seems less an attempt to influence coverage than an invitation to repression and even violence.
The level of antipathy or collegiality between the government and the press has always moved in cycles of confrontation and detente.
Ironically, when I first left for Iraq 14 years ago, close watchers of media-government relations were most concerned by a burgeoning coziness epitomized by, for example, the star-studded White House Correspondents dinner, that resulted the appearance of journalists trading favorable coverage for access. (Defense Secretary James Mattis, who broke with the president in his characterization of the press as “the enemy,” was the commander of the division I embedded in).
Before the invasion of Iraq, when the Pentagon decided to let reporters "embed" themselves in military units for the first time since Vietnam, press critics warned that reporters would become cheerleaders for an event deserving serious scrutiny. After all, the theory went, it will be hard to remain objective when you ride, eat and sleep among people who are literally defending your life.
"They are not your friends," one of my editors told me, referring to the military, in our last meeting before my departure. "Basically everything they tell you will be a lie."
But while the press had failed to interrogate the Bush Administration's rationale for invading, almost as soon as the war began, reports describing what was happening on the ground differed sharply from the official line. If you believed the major newspapers and television networks, you knew the country was descending into insurgency and civil war. If you listened to the Green Zone press briefings, you may have thought Iraq, and indeed the entire Middle East, were on the cusp of a democratic flourishing.
That divide, which, like so many others, eventually resolved in favor of the press, as confirmed by a now infamous quote from Dan Senor, an American spokesman in Baghdad: "Off the record: Paris is burning. On the record: stability and security are returning to Iraq."
To its credit, the Bush Administration knew the Iraq reporters were not on the team, per se, but it did seek to use them for its own purposes. Access was extraordinary, and deliberately so. The theory, which proved correct, was that reporters were more likely to be impressed by grunts risking their lives for their country than by senior officers briefing on a base far from the front lines. In the end, the arrangement worked out well for both sides. Embedded coverage did tend to be more positive, but it also produced vivid and damning reports on things like American casualties and the killing of Iraqi civilians, that helped turn the public against the war.
While the Obama Administration largely avoided major breakdowns in relations with the press, we were far from immune from tensions. One of the few aspects of our tenure I am not proud of is that we oversaw more frequent use of law enforcement tools against journalists.
I joined the Administration determined to avoid having to spin my reporter friends and former colleagues, and initially steered clear of press-related government jobs. I came to appreciate the give-and-take with journalists who covered the State Department and deeply respected their mission. Still, I occasionally complained about stories, sometimes sharply. I once even decided to bar a newspaper reporter from flying to Europe on Secretary Kerry's plane because he had, in my view, inappropriately passed on information given to him off-the-record. He took a commercial flight, and we got on with our jobs.
It is clear, however, that the current standoff between Trump and the Washington press is a disturbing departure from these precedents.
First, as I have written previously, his assault on the press seems calculated not to influence coverage, but to destroy the credibility of the media so he can usurp the its traditional role as the arbiter of facts on which policy decisions are based. If the goal was just to produce better coverage, it would simply not make sense to label the press "fake news,"which tells people not to believe anything it reports. If, on the other hand, you want to define your own reality so that an illogical agenda seem less so...
Second, as others have described in great detail, Trump chose a phrase ("enemies of the people") replete with ominous historical resonance in other societies as a prelude to violence. As with his adoption of the slogan "America First," which emerged in the 1930s, among Nazi sympathizers averse to U.S. intervention against Hitler, it is unclear whether Trump is dog whistling dark forces in society or just stumbled into what he considers a good line. Either way, there is no reason to expect him to drop the phrase, even if he knows its origins.
Third, while every one of our previous Presidents may have criticized particular reporters, on particularly issues––Halberstam on Vietnam, Woodward and Bernstein on Watergate, Walter Pincus or Knight-Ridder on Iraq––they never publicly questioned the press as an institution.
Kennedy paid frequent homage to the First Amendment, including in a 1961 speech entitled "The President and the Press," in which he said he deliberately eschewed the word "versus," because "that is not the way I see things."
Richard Nixon's attitude toward the press was perhaps the closest to what we see today from Trump. He regularly referred to the media as "the enemy," put journalists like Mary McGrory and Daniel Schorr on his "enemies list," and did everything he could to intimidate The Washington Post into dropping the Watergate investigation (we know how that one ended). But he also saved his most biting commentary for the seclusion of the Oval Office.
While journalists many have judged George W. Bush’s Presidency harshly, helping drive his approval rating to unprecedented lows, he maintained cordial and respectful relationships with virtually all of them, whatever he may have felt about the coverage he received.
Indeed, no modern President showed anywhere near the degree of open hostility toward the press writ large that Trump displays on a near-daily basis, nor tried to enlist the public in a relentless demonization campaign.
Fox News’ Chris Wallace pressed White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus on these points in an interview Sunday, as the White House defended the President’s comments as warranted, and urged reporters to take them seriously.
“I don't have a problem with you complaining about an individual story,” Wallace said. “But you went a lot further than that, or the President went a lot further than that. He said the fake media, not certain stories, but the fake media are enemies of the country. We don’t have a state run media in this country, that’s what they have in dictatorships.”
Priebus responded that it was not a single story the White House was concerned about, but “24 hours a day, seven days a week… talking about Russian spies, talking about the intelligence community” and other “total garbage, unsourced stuff.”
Wallace did not question how the Administration can equate adversarial coverage with somehow standing against the American people. But he did pointedly remind Priebus that “you don’t get to tell us what to do… any more than Barack Obama did.”
A fourth and perhaps most significant difference with Trump's crusade is that while journalism has always entailed risks, the world has become a far more dangerous place in which to practice it, as a privileged status in past conflicts has given way to deliberate targeting and authoritarians employ ever more coercive tactics.
The International Federation of Journalists points to steadily increasing levels of violence against media workers since it began keeping statistics in 1990. That year recorded the killing of 40 journalists worldwide. Over the last decade that number has never been under 100.
Like virtually every other journalist I know, I have friends and colleagues who paid the ultimate price to do their jobs, and I consider them no less heroic than the soldiers and diplomats who have done the same.
While he surely didn't know it, Trump tweeted at journalistic "enemies" a day after the five-year anniversary of the death in Syria of my friend Anthony Shadid, to my mind the greatest foreign correspondent of the 21st century, after a career marked by countless searing stories, and more than a few near-misses.
Intentionally or not, Trump's label also tarred people like Salih Saif Aldin, an Iraqi stringer in The Washington Post's Baghdad bureau, with whom I'd spent many sleepless nights huddled around a television set or computer screen, communicating in our broken versions of each other's languages. He was shot dead in Baghdad in the fall of 2007, conducting interviews in a part of Baghdad deemed too dangerous for American reporters to go.
I wonder whether Trump has considered the impact his statements might have on authoritarian regimes around the world that are locking up reporters at an accelerating rate.
During my time at the State Department, Secretary Kerry raised these cases, some of whom are American citizens, in literally dozens of meetings with counterparts from places like Turkey, Egypt, Iran, China and Russia. Sometimes he succeeded. Now it seems hard to imagine that such pleas, if the Trump Administration is even willing to make them, will carry anywhere near the same moral weight. And if the President of the only nation with a First Amendment can treat the press as not just his enemies, but enemies of the people he represents, there is little to stop other nations, with far fewer protections, from doing the same.
It is important to understand that being a reporter in the United States presents its own challenges. For one thing, the Washington press has the unenviable job of reporting on meetings in which they cannot participate, leaving them subject to the whims and agendas of people who can never provide the whole truth. And for a mix of reasons, including some self-inflicted wounds, journalists' approval rating in America has plummeted to around 20 percent, lower even than Trump's, which is the lowest of any new President in history.
The low regard in which they are held, and the way in which reporters were treated on Trump's presidential campaign––disparaged by the candidate, taunted and threatened by his supporters, occasionally even manhandled by his aides––had already raised legitimate, and virtually unprecedented, questions about how safe it is for American journalists to do their jobs. And that was before Trump labeled them enemies.
Wondering if I was overstating these dark scenarios, I contacted Jason Rezaian, an Iranian-American journalist for The Washington Post, who was released from an Iranian prison after being held for more than a year on trumped up charges. At the State Department, my colleagues and I had worked extensively on the negotiations that ultimately led to a prisoner exchange through which Jason was freed. I was curious, given his experiences, what he thought of Trump lashing out at his profession.
"Most of my reporting until now has been done from an authoritarian country so attacks on the American media by leaders is a phenomenon I've witnessed before. It  is absolutely not something I anticipated coming home to, though, after 18 months in prison in Iran for the crime of practicing journalism," Rezaian said.
"I worry about the new risks such anti-press attitudes, real or feigned, from this administration will create for reporters working in the US and abroad. A tense relationship between the government and the press can be a key to safeguarding core democratic values and principles, but a situation where basic notions of the other's legitimacy are being repeatedly and publicly questioned and undermined seems to me a dangerous road to start down."



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s executive orders on immigration—banning travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries and casting a wide net on undocumented immigrants—have prompted nationwide protests and, in the case of the ban, legal challenges. But while Trump’s immigration plan is more restrictive than those of recent presidents, historians see parallels between the current moment and the early 20th century, when Congress passed multiple laws designed to shrink the number of immigrants in the United States.
In 1917, lawmakers enacted legislation that required a literacy test for immigrants over 16 years old to enter the United States and banned those from what was called the Asiatic Barred Zone. That act paved the way for a 1924 immigration law, known as the Johnson-Reed Act, that imposed a quota system based on national origin. “The fundamental principle was the principle of exclusion,” said Alan Kraut, a history professor at American University in Washington, D.C. “And the target of exclusion was intended to be the poor workers who were trying to escape their own society for economic opportunity.” Years later, following calls to reform U.S. immigration policy, a 1965 law ended the quota system, prioritized close relatives of immigrants already in the United States, and ultimately altered the country’s demographic makeup, by further opening it up to immigrants of other nations.
Over the last 100 years, new restrictions on immigration have been sold as beneficial to national security and the U.S. economy. Trump himself has used those arguments in promoting his agenda. So, too, have lawmakers on Capitol Hill who recently introduced legislation to limit legal immigration.
I spoke with Kraut about the evolution of U.S. immigration policy. Our conversation has been edited for length and clarity.
Priscilla Alvarez: Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue proposed legislation earlier this month that, among other measures, is designed to decrease the number of legal immigrants allowed in the United States. Is this reminiscent of another time in U.S. history?
Alan Kraut: The United States has always had a kind of love-hate relationship with immigration. In fact, the immigrants of the 19th and early 20th centuries had a saying: “America beckons, but Americans repel.” What they meant by that is that, on the one hand, the United States had tremendous employment opportunities for them, possibilities of education for their children, freedom of religion, political freedoms that they couldn’t enjoy in their home countries. And yet at the same time, the foreign-born represented a threat to some parts of the population.
What they were concerned about in the period before the Civil War, for example, was the fear of Roman Catholics. The Irish and the Germans [who made up a majority of Roman Catholics in the United States] represented that kind of a threat. [Their allegiance to the Pope] was a cultural threat—some even thought a political threat—because they felt it was inconsistent to obey the word of a foreign prince and, at the same time, to obey American law.
The fear of people who somehow pollute American culture—this fear goes back to [Thomas] Jefferson. Jefferson worried that migrants to the United States would not appreciate democratic institutions and we would degenerate into a society that would seek a monarch. This love-hate relationship—or this beckoning and repelling—is a theme that runs as a constant throughout American history.
Alvarez: The underlying argument in Cotton and Perdue’s proposed bill is that immigrants are a hindrance to the economy, though there’s substantial evidence that foreign-born workers boost economic activity. How does this compare with the reasoning behind immigration legislation in the past?
Kraut: If you take a look at the 1924 national-origins quota system that was installed, [under] the Johnson-Reed Act, it was aimed at southern and eastern Europeans, and its main targets were southern Italians and eastern European Jews. Neither group was particularly loved by Americans because of their religious differences. The perceived threat was that they would work for wages below those that American workers could command. So much so that in the debate over that legislation in Congress, you had some strange bedfellows: You had the American Federation of Labor arguing on the same side as the Ku Klux Klan and the Immigration Restriction League, because they were concerned about keeping up the wages of American workers.
There’s always been a concern about what the economic impact will be on Americans of foreign-born labor coming to the United States.
Alvarez: The Immigration Act of 1917 included a provision that banned immigrants from the Asiatic Barred Zone—which included most of Asia—from entering the United States. How restrictive were the policies implemented through this piece of legislation?
Kraut: They were quite restrictive. But that law lasted only from 1917 to 1921 and then they went to the first of several temporary laws that culminated in the 1924 legislation, the Johnson-Reed bill. And that was quite restrictive—it was a dramatic drop in migration from southern and eastern Europe.
It took between 1924 and 1929 to get all the percentages squared away of how many people from each country could come [under the quota system]. What the legislation said was that each country in the world would be allotted a quota of 2 percent of those of their nationality already in the United States according to the 1890 census. And the 1890 census was used because it reflected a time before the mass migration of eastern and southern Europeans to the United States that happened between 1890 and the 1920s.
Alvarez: What happened in the time span between the passage of the Immigration Act of 1924 and the passage of the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965, which dropped the quota system?
Kraut: Between 1924 and 1965, a lot happens. [There is] of course World War II, when it’s very difficult for people to move around the globe and migrate. And then in the aftermath of the Second World War, there’s the issue of refugees and displaced persons [as a result of the war and Nazi persecution]. And there are a number of displaced-persons acts and these are very, very ungenerous. The numbers were way lower than needed. Where were they going to go? They were literally people without any place to go, they were displaced persons, and they couldn’t go back. In fact, when President Harry Truman signed one in 1948, he told Congress that he did so with great, great regret because it was so ungenerous.
By the 1950s, migration is also a Cold War issue, and the United States encourages migration but only from those areas of the world where people are escaping Communism. Other than that, we continue to observe the restrictions of the 1920s. There are Cold War exceptions: One is in 1956 because of the Hungarian uprising, then again in 1959 because of Fidel Castro’s ascent in Cuba.
It’s very clear to some policymakers, including John F. Kennedy, who was pushing for reform at the time of his assassination, that the American policies were too restrictive, unjust, and so on. By 1965, Lyndon Johnson, in addition to all the civil-rights acts, pushes through the 1965 law and … we begin to see the configuration of the modern immigration system, as we know it.
Alvarez: Has the 1965 Immigration and Nationality Act served as the foundation of immigration policy in the United States over the last 50 years?
Kraut: Absolutely.
Alvarez: Are Trump’s executive orders a significant divergence from the last 50 years?
Kraut: Certainly, the United States has been concerned in the past about migration from some places, including folks who could harm the United States, and certainly, the potentially ungenerous policy toward refugees is a problem.
Alvarez: Do you draw parallels between Trump’s orders and legislation from 100 years ago, for example, the Immigration Act of 1917?
Kraut: The designation of different parts of the world with the intent of excluding certain kinds of people is absolutely a parallel. Trump says he’s not targeting Muslims in the seven-country ban, but then he excludes Christians, so who’s left? Clearly, that’s where he sees the threat coming in. That’s been one of the causes of great protest.
There’s a basic issue here: What kind of future does the United States have with immigration? And the piece … about Tom Cotton’s proposal suggest[s] that there are forces, within the Republican Party primarily, that really want not just to have a moratorium on refugees, not just to have policy that reflects national-security concerns, but a much broader pattern of restrictionism.



ARTICLE
All religion involves some politics. As the partisanship heats up even classical religious bromides take on an undiplomatic edge. A biblical reference to ‘welcoming the stranger’ in the current climate, seems to favor one political position over another. ‘Righteousness exalts a nation’ sounds like it belong on a banner at a rally. Yet despite this natural encroachment American law has drawn some lines. The Johnson amendment, named for then Senator Lyndon Johnson, prohibits tax-exempt organizations from supporting political candidates. As a Rabbi, I pray – quite literally – that it is not repealed.
I lead a politically diverse (not to say ‘divided’) synagogue.  In the United States in our age, politics is far more potent in separating people than religion.  There are many kinds of religious positions one can stake out in my synagogue, and while some may not agree with them, they do not threaten the fabric of the community.  But a political declaration from the Rabbi will have a percentage of the congregants heading for the door.
When I delivered an invocation at the Democratic convention, some members of my congregation were livid, insisting that such an ‘endorsement’ was flat out wrong.  When I maintained that it was a blessing and not an endorsement, I was invited to ‘prove’ it by delivering an invocation at a Jewish Republican dinner. I did so willingly–although this time members on the other side of the congregational aisle were vocal about their displeasure.
The only guest speakers that have ever occasioned protest and walkouts have been those who represented a political view or suddenly pronounced one. We have had people speak about the Muslim and Christian faith with no incident. But recently at an interfaith service in my synagogue, an invited Pastor made an offensive statement about the politics of the Middle East.  From that moment on there was a strained and uncomfortable quality to the entire evening. Instead of unity, there was division–a legacy of our political climate.
What is true inside an organization is true between organizations. I have done my share of interfaith work. When there are breakdowns it is rarely because adherents of one religion refuse to countenance the theology of the other. We can usually listen to different conceptions of God and worship with equanimity. Yet when someone stakes out a political position, people no longer feel they are part of the same spiritual enterprise. In our age the battle is less over the bible than the ballot.
Now imagine that each Rabbi and Minister is under pressure to endorse. Believe me, once endorsements are permitted they will become expected. Not only will it tear individual houses of worship apart, but it will divide those that could otherwise work together. All of them will be labeled for their political orientations, first and foremost. You may as well affix an elephant or a donkey instead of a cross on your church, because that is how it will be seen – a Republican church or a Democratic one. Preachers that do not endorse will be derided as pusillanimous and lacking conviction. Discourse in the synagogue and church, especially around election time, will be as toxic as our political discourse has become, because they will be one and the same.
People should not be able to give tax exempt contributions to religious organizations in order to support a candidate.  Preachers who care about political endorsements can always say what they want, but they forfeit the right to be a tax free entity.  More important, keeping a corner free of politics is like keeping worship services free of cellphones: it carves a space from the din of everyday life that permits the spirit to enter.

Although most support retaining the amendment, opponents argue that the act has been violated without consequence, and the distinction about endorsing is untenable and it restricts religious liberty. There is no question that the law is not a bright line law – it requires some interpretation.  But that same argument is true for the vast majority of our laws, and the fact that some opponents have deliberately violated it to provoke a court challenge makes a mockery of the claim that no one knows when the law is being violated.

Some religious traditions are admittedly more politically oriented than others. But within all the faith traditions there are both liberal and conservative strains. To argue there is only one way to read the bible ignores both history and your equally faithful neighbor. Moreover, the amendment does not prevent Pastors from speaking – only from doing so under the cloak of tax-exemption.  
Those who object to one or another side in the debate are not obligated to subsidize a political endorsement with their tax dollars. Some of the same religious figures who object to paying taxes to fund programs they find objectionable argue that other taxpayers should subsidize political preaching they find congenial. Every preacher has spoken about specific political questions. But a religious case for a candidate is also different from making a case for an issue: No candidate is an ideal embodiment of religious ideals. Arguing the ideal is religiously pristine; to advance the person is a political act.
The law’s essential intent holds – to permit a generally neutral space where different political views can coexist in an increasingly fragmented and fractious society.  In an age when even sports have become politicized, arguing for politicization of the pulpit is short-sighted and counterproductive.



ARTICLE
MELBOURNE, Fla.—After four miserable weeks of being locked up in presidential prison—starved of affection, suffocated by bureaucracy, tormented by the press—Donald Trump made a break for it Saturday.
Touching down just before sunset here in the heart of Trump Country, the president was greeted as he emerged from Air Force One by an adoring crowd of 9,000 super-fans, many of whom had stood in line for hours to see him speak. Trump made no effort at masking his gratitude. “I’m here because I want to be among my friends,” he told them, adding, “I also want to speak to you without the filter of the fake news.”’
The rally was widely trumpeted in the press as a return to the campaign trail, and it’s easy to see why. The event had all the trappings of Trump-style electioneering—he deployed the same slogans, recycled the same stump-speech rhetoric, and walked out on stage to the same soundtrack. What’s more, the White House made clear earlier this week that the rally was being funded not by the federal government but by his campaign, making this perhaps the earliest launch to a reelection bid in history.
But for Trump—a man who has long relied on his loyal crowds for validation and reassurance—the rally also seemed like an exercise in escapism. Back in Washington, his administration is teetering constantly on the edge of chaos: His national security adviser has resigned, his immigration ban is unraveling, and he faces a steady stream of leaks from the intelligence community that could imperil his presidency. But here inside an airport hangar packed with red-capped supporters chanting their hearts out, none of that mattered.
Indeed, for at least one evening, Trump was able to inhabit a world where all bad news was fake, all protesters were paid, and the first month of his presidency was universally regarded as an historic success.
Toward the end of the rally, I began asking attendees how they would grade Trump’s time in office so far. All but one awarded him an ‘A+’ (and the outlier gave him an ‘A’). If pressed, they would often add caveats such as, “given what he’s up against...” or, “...considering all he’s trying to accomplish.” Even if some were grading on a curve, it didn’t make their reviews insincere.
“In my opinion, he’s the only president in my lifetime—and I’m 65 years old—who’s doing what he said he was going to do,” said Richard Barrington, a retiree from Orlando. When I asked what campaign promises Trump had kept, he replied immediately: “Jobs.”
“When I grew up,” Barrington told me, “everything was made in America, and we made good stuff. Throughout my lifetime, we started buying all that junk in China that winds up in the garbage, and our jobs went overseas. It’s like nobody cared. He’s the first president that really understands. He’s tackling all these problems, and the news media, they twist it, they turn it, they don’t want to tell it like it is.”
Rene Foland, a former campaign volunteer from Marianna, Florida, was similarly effusive in her praise. “He keeps his word and he knows how to speak to the American people who matter most—the people without jobs, the people that are really, really hurting out here.”
She said she was upset that so many Americans seemed unwilling to acknowledge the good intentions behind the president’s restrictionist immigration policies, and when I asked her about the apparently slapdash nature of his executive order earlier this month, she shrugged.
“You learn as you go along,” she replied. “He’s not a politician.”
Preaching to the faithful Saturday night, Trump made it clear that he valued them, as much as they valued him. They’re his people, and—he promised—they’re winning again. “You’re all part of this incredible movement, this movement that we talk about so much, that’s been written about on the cover of every magazine all over the world,” he said. “It’s a moment that’s just sweeping, it’s sweeping across our country. It’s sweeping, frankly, across the globe.”
“People want to take back control of their countries,” he added, “and they want to take back control of their lives.”



ARTICLE
After his first four weeks in office, Donald Trump left the the White House for Florida, where he soaked up the cheers of thousands of adoring fans. It has not been an easy month for Trump, with a federal judge blocking his travel ban, the resignation of his national security advisor, Michael Flynn, and the constant intelligence leaks. But Saturday was a chance to move beyond that, to lay out his agenda and air his grievances in the campaign-rally style he seems to enjoy most.
Trump spent his third weekend in Florida, at his Mar-a-Lago resort, which he has now taken to calling the “Southern White House.” He was working again, interviewing candidates for the role of national security advisor, which Flynn left earlier this week after it was reported that he’d misled Vice President Mike Pence about his conversation with the Russian ambassador. That was just the latest episode in a tumultuous start for Trump. Amid reports of constant squabbles in his inner circle, Trump seems to be increasingly frustrated with the bureaucracy and the judiciary, which he has complained seem bent on opposing his agenda. The campaign trail, on the other hand, is where Trump has always seemed happiest, ad-libbing in front of a crowd that cheers his every word.
“I want to be among my friends,” Trump told the crowd Saturday evening, “and among the people.”
The rally began a little after 5 p.m. with a succession of surrogates firing up the crowd, repeating Trump’s campaign slogans to put America first, and to keep the country safe by keeping certain people out. Nearly an hour later Air Force One pulled up in front of the hangar like a limo at a red-carpet event. A jet bridge motored toward the plane’s door, and down stepped Trump and the first lady.
She opened the rally by reciting the Lord’s Prayer. Shortly after Trump took over, stepped in front of the mic and told the crowd why he’d come: “I want to speak to you without the filter of the fake news—the dishonest media which has published one false story after another.”
That was a major theme of the rally. The road bumps he’s hit, he seemed to be saying, were either unscrupulous lies invented by the media, or are part of its agenda to attack him. The media has its own agenda, he said, “and it’s not your agenda.”
He had a prepared text, and at times he stuck to the script, which listed all the policies he’d tried to implement in his first 30 days in office. He talked most about the travel ban, which a federal judge in Seattle has blocked. As he has before, Trump said that it was wrong for a judge to be able to limit his power to deny certain people—people Trump has called potentially dangerous—entrance into the country. But in keeping with his style, he often deviated from his prepared remarks, usually to castigate the press, which he called “part of the corrupt system.”  He even read from a note Thomas Jefferson sent to a newspaper editor and senator from Michigan, John Norvell. “Nothing can now be believed which is seen in a newspaper,” Trump quoted Jefferson saying. “Truth itself becomes suspicious by being put into that polluted vehicle.”
(Before he ascended to the presidency, Jefferson wrote: “And were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers, or newspapers without a government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter.”)
Trump, as he has ever since inauguration day, also complained that the media seems bent on minimizing the size of his fan base. So he made sure to point out what “a massive hangar” hosted the rally, and that a huge crowd was jam-packed inside it. But, he complained to the bank of cameras broadcasting the event around the world, the media would never show how many people turned up to his rally. “Do you think one media network back there will show this crowd?” he asked to raucous cheers. “Not one!”
Then Trump recognized a man in the crowd. It was someone he’d seen earlier, he said, one of his supporters interviewed on TV. The man, who CNN identified as Gene Huber, said earlier that he’d arrived at the hangar at 4 a.m. to make sure he was the first in line. Trump told him to come on stage, directing him to hop the fence and waving him past Secret Service. “He’s been all over television, saying the best things,” Trump told the crowd, which burst out in applause.  
On stage, the man spoke briefly and fawningly about Trump and the great movement he had created. Trump smiled.  
Trump did take some time to talk about the policies he hoped implement. He said he would revoke Obamacare and replace it with something better, that costs less—although he did not go into any details. He said he planned to repeal regulations placed on oil, gas, and coal companies. “The miners are going back to work!” Trump said. He also promised to bring back jobs, then talked about how he’d already forced GM, Ford, and Chrysler to pull out of deals that would’ve shipped jobs out of the country—although the details of those deals are more complicated. He also mentioned a new Intel plant set to open in Arizona that would create 10,000 jobs. That factory has been under construction for several years, but Intel’s CEO announced it would invest $7 billion into the plant that would create even more positions right after a meeting with Trump earlier this month. These portions of the speech largely reiterated points Trump has repeatedly emphasized, including in his most recent press conference.
But he also took the opportunity to unburden himself of the many grievances he’s built up in his first 30 days as president. The energy of the crowd seemed to recharge Trump. He returned to his campaign-trail form, standing behind the podium and in front of thousands of people who loved him, and not in Washington D.C. before a room packed with the lying, dishonest press.
Trump closed out the rally the way he always did last summer, with his vow to make America great again. Then he walked back to Air Force One, with the Rolling Stones’ “You can’t always get what you want” playing in the background.




ARTICLE
For all the fervor of the current debate over voter ID laws, there’s a startling lack of good data on their effects. As of the 2016 election, 33 states have a voter identification law, with 12 of those considered “strict” requirements.
After the 2013 Shelby County v. Holder Supreme Court case weakened federal oversight over state and county election laws, the debate over whether these and other more restrictive laws have discriminatory effects has mostly been waged in the realms of ideology and intent, with most existing studies relying on data limited by time, place, or bias.
The catch-22 of course is that the laws have to be passed and solidly in place first to have robust longitudinal data on their effects, which in this case would mean potentially discriminatory effects would have already impacted elections. A new study from researchers Zoltan Hajnal, Nazita Lajevardi, and Lindsay Nielson at the University of California San Diego is one of the first to analyze certified votes across all states after the implementation of voter laws in multiple elections, and it found just that kind of racially discriminatory impact.
Specifically, they found “that strict photo identification laws have a differentially negative impact on the turnout of Hispanics, Blacks, and mixed-race Americans in primaries and general elections.”
The authors note that the existing research tends to point to three things: that strict voter ID laws requiring identification to cast a ballot do in fact reduce turnout by some amount, that turnout reduction tends to work in Republicans’ favor, and that differential effects have been observed along class and education lines, but not race. But the UCSD researchers call those conclusions into question, noting that analyses based on elections data before 2014 could not have collected comprehensive enough data to rule out racial suppression, and that analyses that sidestep that limitation by relying on survey data tend to fall victim to people of color over-reporting if they voted in prior elections.
According to the new study, the new approach addresses these problems by assessing nationwide votes in the 2008 and 2012 primary and general elections using responses from the Cooperative Congressional Election Studies, a large national survey that validates self-attestation of voting status with voting records. The researchers used this dataset to compare turnout in elections where strict voter ID had been implemented versus those where it hadn’t, and measured the gap in turnout between races.
Using this refined methodology, researchers found that strict ID laws doubled the turnout gap between whites and Latinos in the general elections, and almost doubled the white-black turnout gap in primary elections. And given that their turnout models incorporate the known surge of turnout among minorities spurred by Barack Obama’s candidacy, they might actually be underestimating the overall suppression effects of voter ID law. “I couldn’t find a compelling way to control for the potential Obama effect and I do think his presence might have reduced the effect of voter ID laws in 2008 and 2012,” Hajnal said in an email. “Although in order for that to happen, Obama’s effects on minority turnout would have to be especially pronounced in strict ID law states.”
In an article in the Washington Post summarizing their research, the authors expound on the political conclusions of their work:

By instituting strict voter ID laws, states can alter the electorate and shift outcomes toward those on the right. Where these laws are enacted, the influence of Democrats and liberals wanes and the power of Republicans grows. Unsurprisingly, these strict ID laws are passed almost exclusively by Republican legislatures.

Alone, those political effects might not matter. Existing legal precedent has allowed voting laws that have limited naked partisan advantage so long as they do not violate anti-discrimination law as outlined in the Voting Rights Act. So far, intent and proven racial disparities in access to ID have been the strongest arguments against implementing strict ID laws, and have worked in court in some limited—and egregious—cases.
But the UCSD study provides some of the first comprehensive evidence of the racially disparate impact of voter ID laws on voting outcomes, and adds to the growing body of data that voter suppression is the end-result of several Republican-led voting initiatives and contributes to their national partisan advantage. Again, the catch-22 is that if data does continue to accumulate to this effect, the discrimination will have already taken place.



ARTICLE
Bed space was so hard to come by inside immigrant detention facilities across the country last fall that federal officials scrambled to rent out extra room in county prisons and jails. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the Department of Homeland Security’s immigration-enforcement arm, had thousands more immigrants in custody than it had the capacity to detain. As a result, hundreds of Haitian immigrants wound up wherever there was open jail space, often in remote regions like the Yakima County jail in eastern-Washington state and far from where they were first apprehended at the southern border.
The federal immigrant detention network was bursting at the seams even before President Donald Trump entered office. Those problems will likely exacerbate after the president vastly expanded the pool of immigrants up for deportation. The Obama administration put in place a solution that is already proving beneficial to Trump: a blueprint on how to outsource immigration enforcement to local cops, leveraging their resources and infrastructure to execute Trump’s proposal to detain and deport millions of undocumented immigrants who have “criminal records.”
In January, Trump signed an executive order on immigration enforcement that included measures to ramp up a program known as 287(g), which deputizes local law enforcement officers to double as federal immigration agents. Once trained, local officers are authorized to interview, arrest, and detain any person who may be in violation of immigration laws. Thirty-eight law enforcement agencies are currently collaborating with ICE, according to the government’s latest figures. But a report released by the Immigrant Legal Resource Center in December found that the overwhelming majority of the 2,556 counties surveyed didn’t need formal programs: They were already offering assistance to ICE.
An early example is the Milwaukee Sheriff’s Department, led by Trump surrogate David Clarke, which teamed up with ICE for a 2-day raid in Wisconsin that ended on the same day that the president signed his executive order enlisting help from local law enforcement. The sheriff’s department has not formally entered agreements to join the 287(g) program. Still, local law enforcement played an active role in arresting 16 undocumented immigrants, all of whom authorities said had previous criminal convictions ranging from assault to drug possession.
Trump celebrated this mutual alliance with local law enforcement earlier this month by inviting sheriffs from across the country to the White House. The local leaders emerged from the meetings emboldened by the enthusiastic backing they received from the president. Some floated ways to target elected officials in so-called “sanctuary cities” that refused to cooperate with the feds. (A crack down on these jurisdictions was also included in Trump’s executive order.) “As far as I’m concerned, if you want to straighten out these people who are refusing to allow the federal government to enforce the law, then if they’re harboring illegal immigrants, you give them an arrest warrant,” said Sheriff Thomas Hodgson of Bristol County, Massachusetts.
Trump claimed credit for keeping his campaign promise to crackdown on illegal immigration after federal officials confirmed that more than 600 undocumented immigrants had been arrested across the country. Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly described the operations as “routine” in a statement Monday. But immigrant rights groups fear this is just the beginning. And while President Obama earned a reputation as the “deporter in chief” for removing more undocumented immigrants than his predecessors, advocates say Trump has set the tone for what they expect to be an era of unprecedented enforcement. “The level of anxiety and fear has increased tremendously,” Cristina Jiménez, the executive director of the advocacy group United We Dream, told reporters Monday. “What is clear under Trump’s executive order is that everyone is a criminal.”
Trump made countless more undocumented immigrants vulnerable to deportation by casting virtually any run-in with local police as grounds for removal. Enforcement of the order, however, will likely lead to haphazard results, says Lena Graber, co-author of the ILRC report, because of how much the directives leave up to interpretation. “It’s good for intimidating people—bad for creating consistency or any predictability about what the government will do,” Graber said.
Uncertainty around how the new enforcement measures will be carried out on the local level is already rattling immigrant communities. ICE agents sparked panic in San Francisco last month after they mistakenly stormed a building with a preschool on site while on the hunt for an undocumented immigrant whom they say is a convicted sex offender. Former Mission District Supervisor David Campos called the incident “unusual.”
The aggressive enforcement measures stand to test resources that are already maxed out to the limit, with immigrant detainee totals estimated to top 47,000 by mid-2017, The Wall Street Journal reports—far above levels funded through Congress. ICE has already secured new detention space at three new facilities within the last several months by contracting out private, for-profit prison companies to begin housing new immigrants. A facility in Georgia is set to hold 780 immigrant detainees, while another private prison based in Ohio will have the capacity to hold 2,000 early this year. A final location is planned in Cibola, New Mexico, where a private-run detention center will hold up to 1,116 immigrants, said ICE spokeswoman Jennifer Elzea.
The federal government has long relied on partnerships with local jails to cut down on transportation costs and shore up detention space in remote regions. It’s an economic boom for cash-strapped municipalities that are paid out at a daily rate to house immigrants for indefinite periods—Hodgson boasts that his local immigrant detention operations generate millions of dollars in revenue each year. In regions that have large vacancies in their jails or detention centers, like the Baltimore suburb of Anne Arundel County, lucrative deals are becoming hard to pass up.
“The county had been approached numerous times about housing individuals that ICE has detained,” said Owen McEvoy, a spokesman for the Anne Arundel County executive. Plans to lease out detention space there have been met with resistance from local leaders who voiced unease with the prospect of potentially profiting off detaining undocumented immigrants. It matches a growing trend in regions across the country wanting to send a more welcoming message to its local undocumented immigrant communities.
One major difficulty in these agreements is finding locations able to hold immigrants in the civil detention system, not punitive, meaning they are afforded greater freedoms than inmates held in prisons on criminal convictions. However, activists charge that this line is often blurred.
Fainot Pierre, a Haitian-American student and U.S. Army veteran, has been actively seeking assistance for Haitian immigrants after finding that more than 130 of them were being held in the Otero County Prison Facility in New Mexico. The Department of Homeland Security had suspended deportations of Haitian immigrants in the wake of a series of natural disasters that struck the country. But last September, the administration said it would resume removals “on a more regular basis.”
Pierre scrambled to find them legal help and access to translation services, but instead he witnessed what happens to many immigrants shuttled through state or locally-operated facilities—nearly all were deported within weeks of their arrival.



ARTICLE
Medicaid has essentially functioned the same way for half a century. Eligibility for the program has changed, most notably when Obamacare extended an option to states to expand coverage to all low-income adults. But once they are enrolled, beneficiaries are entitled to guaranteed coverage, with their home states and the federal government splitting costs with no upper limit. This open-ended, shared funding structure is vital for covering the kinds of people Medicaid tends to cover. Almost two-thirds of Medicaid costs come from low-income elderly and disabled people with serious—and thus expensive—health-care needs.
Republicans have long hankered to change that structure to cut costs to the federal government, and a new plan from House GOP leadership shows that they might use the debate over Obamacare repeal to do so.
The new policy brief for their Obamacare repeal plan was presented Thursday by Speaker Paul Ryan, flanked by House committee leadership and the new secretary of health and human services, Tom Price, who indicated the plan had the seal of approval from President Trump. It came after the House Freedom Caucus revolted against dithering among Senate Republicans about the specifics and drawbacks of a repeal. Accordingly, the House brief—which outlines a collection of policy ideas Republicans want to achieve with repeal—neatly sidesteps some of the issues that have bedeviled Senate Republicans: namely, how to balance the market-destabilizing effects of keeping Obamacare’s pre-existing conditions ban while eliminating the individual mandate to purchase insurance.
The plan is short on specifics, including the mechanics of its implementation, and looks like a watered-down combination of some existing Republican repeal plans, including Ryan’s and Price’s. It would repeal Obamacare’s taxes and mandates, and replace the tax subsidies for purchasing insurance on the exchanges with tax credits and incentives for health-savings accounts. The details of those tax credits are not provided, save that they would be age-rated and refundable but not adjusted by income. In order to control some costs, the plan mentions “state innovation grants” for creating high-risk pools of sicker individuals and for funding preventative care. The plan would also roll back enhanced federal funding to states for the Medicaid expansion, although there would be an unspecified “period of stability … to ensure we are not pulling the rug out from underneath states or patients.”
The exact effects of the House repeal plan on coverage and costs won’t be known until more details are unveiled and the policy is rated by the Congressional Budget Office. It does appear likely to sharply reduce the number of people covered, since it rolls back funding for the Medicaid expansion, ends subsidies, and eliminates the mandate to purchase insurance. Their tax-credit policy would invert Obamacare’s progressive financing scheme. Under current law, subsidies increase as income decreases, but the Republican plan would flatten that tax advantage, thus no longer proportionally increasing affordability for low-income people. It would age-rate the credits, granting more affordable coverage to older people, who tend to be sicker than younger Americans, but would not control for costs among poorer individuals, who also tend to be sicker and more prone to disability than their middle- and upper-class counterparts.
The House brief is somewhat clearer when it comes to Republicans’ plan for changing the fundamental funding structure of the Medicaid program. Some specifics are still elusive—the policy start date, for example, is listed as “at a year in the future.” But, in general, it would establish a per capita cap on federal Medicaid funding for individuals based on state economic and health factors, as well as the category of beneficiary (whether they are aged, blind and disabled, children, or otherwise able adults). That reform erases the open-ended funding of Medicaid and essentially replaces it with a set annual allotment of federal funds to each state. The brief would allow states to receive that funding as a block grant, provided that they “transition” people covered under the Obamacare Medicaid expansion to other programs. That block grant appears to come with rather significant relaxation on states’ requirements to meet eligibility standards and provide comprehensive services for Medicaid enrollees, so long as certain required services for the “most vulnerable elderly and disabled individuals” are covered.
The per capita cap and block-granting scheme would certainly save the federal government money. The main appeal of universal spending caps is not only that they promote thrift among states, but that pegging them to economic factors, at the start of a prescribed “base year,” basically underfunds them in the future. But this scheme might also work against the ability of Medicaid to effectively cover people. A report from the Kaiser Family Foundation shows that such a policy could “lock in” funding to states based on their position in the base year, and would create long-term “winners” and “losers” in states. States would no longer be able to react in real time to crises like drug epidemics, disasters, or job crunches, and funding would not respond to demographic changes. In essence, people might be blocked from receiving care simply based on where they live. That this problem recreates the geographic incoherence of the current Obamacare Medicaid expansion—where people covered under the expansion in some states will lose coverage if they move to non-expansion states—is no small irony.
The logic behind block grants and per capita caps on federal funding is that they force states to be efficient with Medicaid dollars since they’re on the hook after that money is gone. But there are no guarantees that states wouldn’t simply create that “efficiency” by dropping people from coverage, diminishing the services covered, or reducing payments to providers. In fact, the House plan appears to encourage just that, as it only specifies coverage of mandatory services for disabled and elderly people in its requirements for block grants. The ensuing system, then, would no longer be a safety-net entitlement for all people who need care, but one where many of the riskiest patients with the most pressing issues might simply be forced to do without. That’s a strong departure from the underlying logic of the program, outlined when President Lyndon Johnson railed against “the injustice which denies the miracle of healing to the old and to the poor” when he signed the amendment to the Social Security Act, which gave the country Medicare and Medicaid in 1965.
The prospects of the House Republican plan are murky at the moment, as the Senate still appears to be much more cautious in its approach to repealing or replacing Obamacare, and the actual coverage details when released might not bode well at district town halls. Still, the structural changes to Medicaid have endured a decade or more as the dominant Republican health-reform strategy, and seem one of the likeliest changes to occur at some point over the next few years if they maintain control in Congress. Unfortunately, the losers of that strategy will tend to be the people for whom the country built the safety net in the first place.



ARTICLE
During an address at a Boeing plant in North Charleston, South Carolina, President Trump promised to “fight for every last American job,” and concluded his speech by saying, “God bless Boeing.” Trump will hold a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport in Melbourne, Florida, on Saturday. FBI Director James Comey met privately with the Senate Intelligence Committee amid concerns over alleged contact between Trump associates and Russian officials. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Republicans “don’t expect any Democratic cooperation” in the GOP-led effort to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. The Senate confirmed Scott Pruitt to head the Environmental Protection Agency.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

‘Dead Man Walking’: While Congressman Mark Sanford might be “the unlikeliest enforcer of honesty in politics,” he’s unafraid to criticize Trump’s performance as president. Tim Alberta looks ahead to the once-celebrated Republican’s political future. (Politico)
Keeping a Closer Eye: The White House appears to want more direct control of foreign-policy portfolios: Just this week, the State Department laid off a number of staff members and excluded officials from White House meetings with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. (Margaret Brennan and Kylie Atwood, CBS)
‘Logistical Nightmare’: The Washington Post reports that, nearly a month into Trump’s presidency, “the unusually elaborate lifestyle of America’s new first family is straining the Secret Service and security officials,” and could cost taxpayers. (Drew Harwell, Amy Brittain, and Jonathan O’Connell)
A Changing World: Amid political tension over Mexican immigration to the U.S., climate change simultaneously threatens to sink Mexico City further below sea level and worsen the region’s water shortage, potentially forcing millions of residents to seek refuge elsewhere. (Michael Kimmelman, The New York Times)
Time After Time: Donald Trump has denounced the intelligence leaks that led to the resignation of former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn as “un-American.” But political leaks have existed for decades. (Issie Lapowsky, Wired)
 
‘28 Days Later’: What has Trump accomplished in the weeks since his inauguration—and what hasn’t gone according to plan? Here’s a day-by-day rundown. (Matthew Nussbaum, Politico)
On Monday, February 20, we’ll celebrate Presidents’ Day. So this week, we asked you: What U.S. president do you admire most—and why? Visit our Notes section for a complete list of our favorite responses, but here was a particularly thoughtful one from Christopher Wilson who chose President Barack Obama:

When someone is observed with such scrutiny and vigilance, they cannot escape their faults. President Obama had his. The pivot of his leadership was changing an opinion of what had been a strong conviction—not for the purpose of politics and remembrance—but because he knew it was the right thing to do!  Specifically, having held strong opposing views of [same-sex marriage], President Obama made a remarkable turnaround and went full throttle in securing rights and becoming a quiet champion for the community—this in spite of his own personal beliefs. That’s rarely seen in politics, and applaudable.

-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
It’s the confirmation hearing nobody was watching.
Thursday morning, the Senate Finance Committee held a confirmation hearing for Seema Verma, the Trump administration’s pick to lead the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Though relatively breezy by confirmation-hearing standards at just under three hours and relatively low on theatrics, Verma’s low-key hearing will help determine the health outcomes for over a third of all Americans.
Thirty-four percent of Americans receive health-insurance coverage under one of the three federal insurance programs, Medicare, Medicaid, and the Children’s Health Insurance Program. With their vows to repeal Obamacare, the Trump administration and health secretary Tom Price aim to reduce the Medicaid portion of that number—and perhaps even put Medicare on the chopping block. Barring any drama in the confirmation process, as the administrator of CMS, Verma will be the point person for reducing the federal spending on public insurance programs, particularly for the poor. And her background suggests she is up to the challenge.
Verma is best-known for her role in reshaping the Indiana Medicaid program under then-Governor Mike Pence. Despite Pence being an ardent critic of Obamacare, Indiana made the choice to expand Medicaid anyway. But they utilized a pathway known as the 1115 waiver to craft a program that diverged significantly from the guidelines under the standard Obamacare program, and quickly created the most conservative Medicaid expansion program in the country. That program, known as the Healthy Indiana Plan 2.0, was the brainchild of Verma and her health-care consulting company, SVC, Inc, then recommended as an experienced expert and consultancy firm with knowledge of the minutiae of CMS regulations.
Although many see the creation of “HIP 2.0” as a strange move for a Republican-controlled state, Indiana has suffered from several public health issues for years—not to mention a well-publicized drug epidemic that ballooned into an HIV outbreak under Pence’s watch—and has consistently ranked near the bottom in most state health indices. It quickly became clear that the HIP 2.0 program under Verma did not intend to be a very generous program. The plan sought to eliminate standard Medicaid protections and provisions for vulnerable people, exchanging them for a premium-based program that mimicked private plans. In her defense of those reforms, Verma wrote:

Medicaid was designed as a critical part of the safety net for our nation’s most vulnerable populations—individuals who are aged, blind, or disabled, and families with incomes well below the poverty line—many of whom possess limited ability to provide for their own well-being. Rules governing the program recognize the necessity of long-term enrollment for those facing serious medical challenges, making it easier for them to get in and stay in the program. Yet many of Medicaid’s enrollment and eligibility policies, which might make perfect sense for certain vulnerable populations, are not always appropriate for able-bodied adults possessing different capabilities and earning potential. Able-bodied adults need coverage, but not the same set of policy protections.

It’s unclear if any of Verma’s reforms in Indiana have had the desired effect. The state still sits near the bottom of all states in several outcomes, and drug deaths and infant mortality have still risen over the past year. The program has improved reimbursement for physicians and thus increased access to providers for Medicaid enrollees, but its scheme requiring enrollees to contribute to a health savings account and sometimes pay premiums has cost thousands of people their coverage. It also might not even be cheaper for the state than traditional Medicaid, despite implementing restrictions on enrollees designed to reduce costs.
Verma’s consultancy was also involved in a failed attempt in Ohio to bar Medicaid recipients from coverage until they’d paid premium arrears, and in the use of an 1115 Medicaid waiver in Kentucky to create a “work activity” requirement for the program. That waiver is still under consideration by CMS, and will be under her own review should she become administrator.
Although Verma’s biggest policy accomplishments came under the Obamacare Medicaid expansion, a provision that still seems to be on its way out, they could still signal what CMS’s priorities might be as the administration seeks to dismantle Obamacare and roll back public insurance. For one, until Congress does act to repeal Obamacare, CMS is authorized by an executive order from President Trump to “minimize the unwarranted economic and regulatory burdens” of Obamacare, and order that in practice might involve rolling back and privatizing as many elements of the ACA as possible under law. To that end, CMS has already proposed new rules slashing open enrollment times for the exchanges by over a month and relaxing the minimum standards for what qualifying exchange plans have to cover.
As administrator, Verma would also likely be empowered by the executive order to allow more states to use 1115 waivers to exempt themselves from Medicaid restrictions and privatize their programs, as well as implement plans like work requirements. These provisions could be extended beyond the parts of Medicaid expanded by Obamacare to the core program that existed before the health reform, thus initiating a wide-scale privatization of Medicaid and the creation of work and premium requirements for much of the public insurance infrastructure in America. In other words, poor people would have to work harder to pay more money for less care.
One thing Verma will not have authority to do yet is change statutory eligibility levels or the administration of Medicaid and Medicare, although CMS is clearly granted wide latitude through rules and waivers to effectively change those requirements for millions of people.
Still, during the hearing Verma said she would consider the idea of block granting Medicaid or instilling per-capita caps, two policy options that would reduce federal spending by essentially locking in federal funding on a yearly or per-person basis. Both of these plans would essentially transform Medicaid from an means-tested safety net program with a guarantee of coverage to an exhaustible benefit with no guarantee of coverage beyond a certain point. These policies would inevitably shift more costs to poor and low-income Medicaid enrollees. Verma’s CMS would be a leading authority in determining the financial and programmatic feasibility of such proposals.
If confirmed, Verma would be granted an arsenal of tools to push back the expansion of public insurance and cede more of it to the private sector, an arsenal that she helped develop and hone in creating HIP 2.0. Even if Obamacare repeal languishes, Verma will have the power to reshape large swathes of health care as we know it, particularly for Americans who are struggling financially.



ARTICLE
Friday morning, the Associated Press dropped a bombshell report: “Trump administration considers mobilizing as many as 100,000 National Guard troops to round up unauthorized immigrants,” the new agency’s Twitter account announced.
The hubbub that followed, as the White House denied the report, is a case study in the strange dance between the press and the Trump administration, and the complicated environment of information asymmetry, and misinformation, that characterizes the current moment in American politics. And it shows how the Trump administration deflects genuine reporting by caricaturing it, sometimes clumsily, as “fake news.”
The AP tweet came at 10:12 a.m. Eastern time, with the full story coming a few minutes later:

The Trump administration is considering a proposal to mobilize as many as 100,000 National Guard troops to round up unauthorized immigrants, including millions living nowhere near the Mexico border, according to a draft memo obtained by The Associated Press.

The 11-page document calls for the unprecedented militarization of immigration enforcement as far north as Portland, Oregon, and as far east as New Orleans, Louisiana.

The story is a classic Trump administration story: a sweeping, surprising move; a leaked memo substantiating the story, emerging from a very leaky administration; and a policy in keeping with the president’s campaign promise to deport illegal immigrants.
The story quickly mushroomed online and in social media, with stunned reaction at the idea of the U.S. government deploying a hundred thousand armed troops around the country, away from the border. Reporters scrambled to figure out what the legal authority for the move would be, and to figure out how state governments might react.
And yet some people immediately sensed that something about the story seemed off:

How long before this turns out to be highly exaggerated/not true at all? https://t.co/inuI9vIhYL
— neontaster (@neontaster) February 17, 2017
Within minutes, in fact, Trump officials denied the story, on the record, to reporters. Press Secretary Sean Spicer spoke to a White House reporters as President Trump prepared to leave for a trip to South Carolina, saying, “That is 100% not true. It is false. It is irresponsible to be saying this. There is no effort at all to round up, to utilize the National Guard to round up illegal immigrants.”
But Spicer’s comment added two interesting wrinkles. First, he scolded the AP for not seeking comment before publishing the story. But as a reporter responded, the AP had asked both the White House and the Department of Homeland Security for comment multiple times before publication, and had received nothing.
Spicer also said, “It is not a White House document.” That statement was intriguing, because Spicer wasn’t denying that the memo was real; he was only saying it came from outside the White House. But that didn’t conflict with the AP report, which said the memo was written by Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly.  “I don’t know what could potentially be out there, but I know that there is no effort to do what is potentially suggested,” Spicer added.
Meanwhile, other reporters were trying to get DHS to explain what was going on.

DHS confirms that the memo reported by AP did exist; but they said it was "never seriously considered" https://t.co/4kB6rLfyCX
— Jamie Dupree (@jamiedupree) February 17, 2017
In other words, the memo was in fact real. The full text was available online within about 90 minutes of the original AP tweet. It is hardly a skimpy document—it’s full of bullet points, legal citations, and footnotes. And it also offered some clarity. The clause the AP report referenced involved inviting states to enroll guardsmen in the existing federal 287(g) program that authorizes state law-enforcement officials “to perform the functions of an immigration officer” with respect to “the investigation, apprehension, and detention of aliens.” Notably, that would require the governors of individual states to decide whether or how to participate, and it is framed as an expansion of current efforts rather than a dramatic shift in policy.
Still unresolved is the question of how serious a proposal the memorandum may be, or whether it remains under active consideration. There are a range of possibilities: It had been considered but rejected as outlandish. It’s part of a plan that’s still in drafting. Maybe someone asked Kelly what it would take to expel a huge number of immigrants, and this was his back-of-the-envelope calculation. This is a question that DHS could have resolved by commenting to the AP before publication.
Spicer and the Trump administration were quick to dismiss the report as shoddy work, just more example of the “fake news” that the president so enjoys deriding. But underneath his denials, there is the uncomfortable fact that DHS confirmed the memo as real. The press comes out of this looking bad, too, offering more fodder to critics who are convinced that reporters will go to any length to tear down the Trump administration. Yet, again, the memo was real, and the AP sought comment.
As with so many other incidents, it’s a Rorschach test for views on the administration. If you’re inclined to view the Trump team as bumbling and incompetent, then this shows their foolishness in not simply resolving the AP’s questions ahead of time, and suggests that Spicer is out of the loop on what’s going on inside the government. If you’re inclined to view the Trump team as evil geniuses, then it’s a brilliant gambit, suckering the AP into looking bad by reporting the memo, and only denying it after the fact, thus undermining trust in the media.
The DHS memo is not the first time we’ve seen this pattern. In January, The New York Times obtained a draft memo about reinstituting CIA “black sites” and potentially bringing back torture programs. Then, too, Spicer said it was “not a White House document” and said he had “no idea where it came from.” Little has been heard about the black-site plan since then.
The challenge for the press, operating in a low-information environment where the White House comments slowly or never, is challenging. If the administration were really considering deploying 100,000 National Guard troops, it would be a major story, of importance to all readers. Washington veterans are inclined to see this memo, like the black-site one, as a trial balloon, in which the administration allows a proposal to leak, gauges reaction, and then either disclaims it or moves forward depending on what sort of reception the idea receives. But just because something is possibly a trial balloon doesn’t mean that it’s not newsworthy and important.
Yet there’s a risk, too, of outrage exhaustion. Having big blowups over draft memos, which Spicer can then deny, goes some way to inoculating the administration against further damage, because the story has already been in the public domain. The final result may not be quite as outlandish as it initially appeared, but it might be important—yet by then, exhaustion has set in. Here’s a pithy summary of the cycle:

Leak Outrageous Thing
Outrage
Fake news!!!
Fake news outrage
Actual thing is 35% of original Outrageous Thing
Outrage all burned up https://t.co/CpAaF1a9SP
— Kilgore Trout (@KT_So_It_Goes) February 17, 2017
The rub is that the exhaustion is real whether the outrage is justified or not. It’s hard to divine whether this is the White House’s intent, but it is clearly the case that the constant stream of scandal and controversy emitting from the president has in some ways helped him. As a candidate, Trump survived multiple scandals and gaffes that were worse than fatal missteps for other candidates. Yet he kept plugging, in part because there was never time for a story to really settle in before the next one arrived.
As for the memo itself, it is probably most interesting as a window into how Kelly will try to turn Trump’s campaign promises, and his notably vague border-security executive order, into actions. Some of them will likely prove impossible, beginning with a true wall along the dimensions Trump suggested during the campaign. Others, like the memo’s discussion of adding 5,000 new border guards, are fairly easily realizable. These questions will determine whether Trump can keep his promises about the border, and the memo is one useful tool in trying to answer them. But it’s hard to puzzle those answers out when the memo has already been weaponized in the war between press and president.



ARTICLE
Luis Gutiérrez has seen this before.
The unannounced raids. Reports that federal agents had detained immigrants who posed no threat, who had committed no crime, whose children were Americans citizens, who were not targets of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. A sense of confusion and panic throughout the community of immigration lawyers and activists wondering just what was going on, who was safe and who was not.
The arrest by ICE officials last week of more than 680 immigrants across the country has angered Democrats and advocates who fear that they represent the deployment of the “deportation force” that President Trump once promised as a candidate. But the raids are also familiar—they were a regular feature in the early years of Barack Obama’s presidency.
“If the question is, did this occur under Obama’s watch? The answer is absolutely yes,” Gutiérrez, the Illinois Democratic congressman and a longtime advocate of immigration reform, told me in a phone interview on Thursday morning. “But the next question we must ask: Did they cease to exist? The answer is absolutely yes.”
Gutiérrez and his allies in Congress and across the country are demanding answers from the Trump administration about last week’s raids. The overriding questions: Are these actions the result of a new policy setting broader priorities for deportation? Or is this merely the continuation of ICE’s mission under any president, Democrat or Republican, to enforce immigration laws and target, in particular, individuals who have committed crimes beyond their illegal entry into the United States?
Trump administration officials have said the raids were nothing new. John Kelly, the secretary of homeland security, said in a statement that more than 75 percent of those apprehended were convicted criminals. “ICE conducts these kind of targeted enforcement operations regularly and has for many years,” Kelly said. “The focus of these enforcement operations is consistent with the routine, targeted arrests carried out by ICE’s Fugitive Operations teams on a daily basis.” The department also listed several other, similar enforcement actions that occurred during the second term of the Obama administration.
But isolated reports about the kind of immigrants ICE had detained suggested to Democrats that this was something much more aggressive. Last week in Phoenix, Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos was deported after she went in for a routine immigration check-in stemming from a 2008 conviction for falsifying a Social Security number. In El Paso, Texas, a woman was arrested in a county courthouse just after she obtained a protective order against her boyfriend for domestic abuse. The government said she had already been deported and had crossed the border again. In Seattle, a 23-year-old man who had obtained a work permit under Obama’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program was arrested; ICE accused him of having gang ties, but the man’s lawyer said the government made up the charge.
When we spoke on Thursday morning, Gutiérrez was livid over the cancellation of a meeting that ICE’s director, Thomas Homan, was scheduled to have with members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus the day before. Later on Thursday, Gutiérrez and other House Democrats tried to attend a meeting Homan held with the bipartisan leadership. But staffers for Speaker Paul Ryan refused to let them enter, Gutiérrez tweeted.
After Obama took office, the government ramped up deportations as part of a political strategy aimed at enticing Republicans to negotiate a comprehensive reform measure, by proving to them that the new president was serious about enforcement and border security. Although the Senate passed bipartisan legislation in 2013, the tactic failed to move conservatives in the House and left Obama allies like Gutiérrez fuming. They protested outside the White House, and in 2014, the president of the National Council of La Raza, Janet Murguía, famously denounced Obama as the “deporter in chief.” Ultimately, Obama ordered a reorientation in enforcement priorities and took actions—which the courts have blocked—to shield millions of undocumented immigrants from deportation.
“Obama came to understand that his policies were wrong, and he changed them,” Gutiérrez recalled. “He grew, we grew, we grew together, we made America a better place for everyone.”
There is much less hope for immigration activists that Trump will come to change his mind, as he made the strict enforcement of immigration laws a centerpiece of his candidacy. What particularly angered Gutiérrez about the raids last week was the evidence that ICE agents were arresting people they hadn’t even targeted, what he called “collateral individuals.”  He explained:

What that means is I come for “Juan Gonzalez,” right? And when I show up, and Juan Gonzalez is not there, I then proceed to ask, “Who are you? And who are you? And who are you, and who are you, and who are you?” Anybody else in the house in that time. And then if they can’t show sufficient paperwork to show they are legally in the United States, then they are processed for deportation. So no crime has been committed. They’re going after Individual A, but the mom, the dad, the children are then caught up in the visit, to put it mildly, of the ICE agents to that home. And that can happen either if they find Individual A, if they find Mr. Gonzalez, or if they don’t find Mr. Gonzalez. And that is something that had ceased to exist.

But, I asked, isn’t this exactly what Trump promised? Is this any different than what you expected on November 9? “It is, I believe, simply the tip of the spear,” Gutiérrez replied. “It’s the tip of the iceberg, the very tip of the spear. It’s going to get worse, I fear.”
What follows is a transcript of our conversation, edited and condensed for clarity.
Russell Berman: Based on what you know at this moment, are these raids clearly part of a new policy ordered by the Trump administration, or are they, as DHS and ICE have suggested, just part of their ongoing efforts to enforce immigration laws?
Luis Gutiérrez: In that question lies our problem and dilemma. Because in an unprecedented move yesterday, they cancelled an agreed-upon meeting with the Congressional Hispanic Caucus in which we were going to ask those questions. Who are you picking up? Why are you picking them up? What are the charges being leveled against them? We wanted to ask all of those particular questions yesterday, and a couple hours before, they said, we’re not coming. Because somehow in their creativity and in their new reality, they said we can’t do this without Republicans. Well, that’s nonsense. The president, the administration meets with Democrats and Republicans and sometimes with one or the other. It just flies in the face of reality and past experience that they somehow needed to have Republicans to have balance. They just didn't want to have the meeting.
This is night and day. We used to have, not the head of ICE, we used to have Mr. [Jeh] Johnson, the secretary of homeland security, come and meet with us.
Here’s what I understand: Look, we know that given the priorities that were established under the Obama administration, people that we have read about [in] the papers should not have been the focus of any enforcement [action]. A woman who’s been here over 10 years and has consistently reported to immigration authorities and went back for a routine interview just last week. She was brought to the interview, thought she was just going to be interviewed—as she has done so many times in the past—and she was swiftly deported. Look, someone who made up a Social Security number is not a violent criminal. It’s a mom trying to raise her kids, and she was caught, she was coming before the authorities year in and year out, never a priority. She’s gone.
And the real problem here is, we hear cases where there’s a woman. She’s been abused. So we have spousal abuse here. We’ve seen these cases in the past where the man, the husband calls immigration after he abuses his wife and says she’s here undocumented. The police show up, and all of a sudden, the victim is the one who’s being deported from the United States. This is very, very serious. I know we had a Dreamer out in Seattle. He had deferred action. He had his work permit. He’s in the process of being deported. So what they are doing is very different in that they are going after collateral individuals.
Berman: Explain what that means, collateral individuals.
Gutiérrez: What that means is I come for “Juan Gonzalez,” right? And when I show up, and Juan Gonzalez is not there, I then proceed to ask, “Who are you? And who are you? And who are you, and who are you, and who are you?” Anybody else in the house in that time. And then if they can’t show sufficient paperwork to show they are legally in the United States, then they are processed for deportation. So no crime has been committed. They’re going after Individual A, but the mom, the dad, the children are then caught up in the visit, to put it mildly, of the ICE agents to that home. And that can happen either if they find Individual A, if they find Mr. Gonzalez, or if they don’t find Mr. Gonzalez. And that is something that had ceased to exist. You’re supposed to go after the person that’s on the warrant. I mean, there should be Fourth Amendment rights here. You got a warrant, you got a case, you go after that person named in the warrant. You don’t just pick up the rest of the family without any due process when they haven’t done anything.
Berman: You and other advocates were angry at the Obama administration for enforcement raids that occurred early in his tenure. How are these different? Did we have reports of these similar type of cases early on?
Gutiérrez: Yes, we did. We did.
Look, if the question is, Did this occur under Obama’s watch? The answer is absolutely yes. But the next question we must ask: Did they cease to exist? The answer is absolutely yes. Why? Because Obama was confronted by a community that supported him overwhelmingly. I did not have any happiness, joy, or zeal in my heart to be arrested in front of the White House, [occupied by the man] that I voted for, that I supported. But I had to. So were others. Obama came to understand that his policies were wrong, and he changed them. He grew, we grew, we grew together, we made America a better place for everyone.
Now what we are doing is we are turning the clock back. We are taking the progress that has been made, and we are turning the clock back. And so those instances of abuse that used to occur are now the norm once again. It reminds me of the sign at the Women’s March, maybe you saw it: ‘I’m Still Fighting for This?’ You know, it’s like you fight, you win, and then this new administration says you’ve got to fight it all over. It’s the same thing for Muslims. It’s the same thing for women and reproductive rights. You’re going to see this time and time again. The labor movement and being able to organize unions. The environmentalists. Just go to the Dakotas and ask the Native Americans. You’re going to have victories that are going to be reversed, which I believe the American people totally support.
Berman: Is this anything different than you expected on November 9? Isn’t this, for better or worse, what Donald Trump promised?
Gutiérrez: It is, I believe, simply the tip of the spear. It’s the tip of the iceberg, the very tip of the spear. It’s going to get worse, I fear.
Anybody that saw [Trump policy adviser Stephen Miller] last Sunday on the talk shows—he said you cannot question the authority of the president of the United States. You’re in no position. And I’m like, ‘Wow. That’s fascism.’ What happened to checks and balances? This is the same individual who worked for none other than our new attorney general as one of his chief aides in the Senate, who is now drafting the anti-immigration order. And who is joining him? The attorney general, in drafting that new order. So we have Jeff Sessions, the new attorney general, who has never seen an immigrant that he liked or an immigrant proposal that he could support. Never, while he’s been a senator. Now he’s the attorney general, joined by Stephen Miller, his aide working out of the White House. What they have done in this White House is that Donald Trump has convened as his advisers, as his immigration committee, some of the worst anti-immigrant xenophobes ever put together for a president of the United States. That’s what he has. He has the anti-immigration dream team. That’s what he has there.
Berman: Let me put it to you another way: DHS and ICE are saying, for example, that the Dreamer who was arrested was a gang member. They said that the woman in El Paso who got a protective order from domestic abuse had previously been deported and returned. Aren’t these the type of people that they should be targeting? Haven’t Democrats like yourself said we should focus on criminals and repeat offenders?
Gutiérrez: Yes. And let me say this: A woman who’s deported and returns to her family to raise her children is an all-star mom, not somebody who should be a priority for deportation from the United States. That Dreamer had a work permit. He had gone through an exhaustive criminal-background check, and he paid for it. And now all of a sudden, they use this excuse. So I’m sorry if I don’t buy [it] when there is no process. What is the due process here? Where was the judge? Where was the jury? An ICE agent can, in and of themselves, simply revoke that person’s legality? That just seems fundamentally wrong in the United States of America, that someone comes before the American government, pays a fee, goes through an exhaustive background check. He gets a work permit, he gets a Social Security card, he’s cleared to stay in the United States, and then an individual just says, “Well, you’re a gang member.” Look, the young man has a lawyer. Here’s what I say: You can’t deport somebody without their day in court. That kid is legally in the United States of America. He did everything the government asked him to do in order to create a legality for himself, and that should not be taken away and usurped without his day in court.
Berman: Other Democrats and advocates are saying this is Trump’s “deportation force.” But you’re also acknowledging you don’t know if this is fundamentally different than what happened under Obama. Is there a risk that you guys are overreacting given that we’re only a month into the new administration? If the deportation force actually comes, won’t they just say you’re crying wolf again?
Gutiérrez: Here’s my point: They’re the ones that called the press conference. They’re the ones that sent out the press release. They’re the ones that said to a community of people, “We’re coming after you.” I’m sorry. I think we’ve all come to learn that we had better take Donald Trump at his word. We just all better come to know that.
Look, no one will stand up and complain because a criminal is deported from the United States of America. No one will. But I’m simply trying to tell you, and through you, the American public, there are people who have been deported, left behind their American-citizen children, their American-citizen spouses, and yes, they’ve come back. They did exactly what your readers would do if they were separated from their wives, if they were separated from their children, they would do everything that they could to get back to their children, to get back to their wives. The system is broken. It’s a broken system. Any comprehensive immigration-reform package, like the one that was passed in 2013—all of these things would have been forgiven in any comprehensive immigration reform package, and the people would have been led to legality. But of course the House of Representatives couldn’t do what the Senate did with nearly 70 votes. Bipartisan.
Berman: What is the best recourse for Democrats and advocates? Is it the courts? Is it the streets? Is it both?
Gutiérrez: You need to win in two different courts. You need to win immediately in the civil courts. But at the same time, you need to win in the court of public opinion, because the only way we’re going to stop this is by having more votes than they do, by going into an election in which we win, and in which we’re ultimately triumphant. In the meantime, let’s win in our court system and then let’s work and continue to grow, which I believe we are doing. The [women’s march] was such a wonderful cross-section of those that want transparency in their government and that don’t want to turn the clock back to when women were in the kitchen and blacks were in the back of the bus and Latinos were quiet and gays were in the closet. They love the America, that we’ve grown and fought for, of 2017.



ARTICLE
On Thursday, Donald Trump gave a press conference that was rife with untruths and evasions. Let’s begin with specific examples of demonstrable falsehoods, so that readers who are favorable to the president won’t have to trust my characterization:
After watching Trump tell untruths, exaggerate, and mislead, attacking reporters all the while as if they were the problem, rather than a White House with more leaks, backstabbing and dysfunction than any since Nixon, Shep Smith of Fox News got exasperated:   

Even Fox News viewers tuning in at that time of day were apprised that Trump’s press conference was unusually rife with misinformation of various kinds. If you’re reading this article you’ve likely already come across other examples, or been exposed to analysis of the news conference that highlighted Trump’s untruths.
But it is important to understand that millions of Americans got a vastly different impression of what happened. Here is how Rush Limbaugh summed it up for his listeners:

Folks, it was masterful. It wasn’t scripted. It was nothing that the president had to think long and hard about. He didn’t have to make notes and memorize them and go out. It was improv. It was spontaneous. We had a caller in the last half hour who mentioned how good that was. It was the truth. When you’ve got the truth and when you’re telling people the truth of what you really think, you don’t have to remember it.

It’s in your heart. It’s like anything else you believe, you don’t need a cram course on what you believe. You don’t really need advisers to tell you what you believe. You believe it, it’s in your heart, it’s in your mind, and you can easily explain it to people, you don’t have to remember it. And that’s who Donald Trump was today. And they came at him from everywhere.

Here is what Sean Hannity told Fox News viewers who didn’t flip on their TV until later in the evening:

Limbaugh and Hannity have been misleading their sizable audiences daily for years. That is nothing new. Perhaps there are members of those audiences who also read The Daily Caller or The Federalist. But those outlets see their role as a counterweights to the mainstream media. Relatively little of their press criticism aims at the right, and both would also like to have their staffers invited onto Fox News regularly.
Here's how The Drudge Report spun its audience:
Inside the New York Post, in a column titled, “Sorry media — this press conference played very different with Trump’s supporters,” Michael Goodwin gave POTUS a good review:

Far from dead, he was positively exuberant. His performance at a marathon press conference was a must-see-tv spectacle as he mixed serious policy talk with stand-up comedy and took repeated pleasure in whacking his favorite pinata, the “dishonest media.”

“Russia is a ruse,” he insisted, before finally saying under questioning he was not aware of anyone on his campaign having contact with Russian officials.

Trump’s detractors immediately panned the show as madness, but they missed the method behind it and proved they still don’t understand his appeal. Facing his first crisis in the Oval Office, he was unbowed in demonstrating his bare-knuckled intention to fight back. He did it his way. Certainly no other president, and few politicians at any level in any time, would dare put on a show like that. In front of cameras, and using the assembled press corps as props, he conducted a televised revival meeting to remind his supporters that he is still the man they elected.

Ticking off a lengthy list of executive orders and other actions he has taken, he displayed serious fealty to his campaign promises. Sure, sentences didn’t always end on the same topic they started with, and his claim to have won the election by the largest electoral college margin since Ronald Reagan wasn’t close to true. Fair points, but so what? Fact-checkers didn’t elect him, nor did voters who were happy with the status quo.

Back in October, in “How Millions of Good People Can Vote Differently Than You Will,” I asked readers to imagine that they are someone else from a different family and city:

All your friends are totally different in their personal backgrounds, education levels, and political leanings. You’ve never once read any of the newspapers or magazines that you read, let alone the individual articles that have influenced you the most during this election; in fact, you get almost all your news from television, mostly from channels or shows that you’ve almost never watched in your current life. The unfamiliar hosts highlight totally different stories. Finally, imagine that your social media feeds are populated by media content and commentary from friends that is 97 percent different. You believe multiple lies you now know to be true and know truths you regard as lies.  

Since then, I have written a series of articles arguing that if members of the coalition that opposes Donald Trump want to persuade the public, they’ll have to resist the temptation to vilify all his supporters, and to formulate a strategy that includes earnest efforts at loving outreach and persuasion.
Perhaps the divergent coverage of Thursday’s press conference helps to illustrate that a great many of those people aren’t seeing the same information as those who oppose Trump—they are being fed lies and untruths by coastal-dwelling millionaires like Hannity and Limbaugh; and they exist at a time when even more responsible right-leaning outlets that make up their information bubble are unlikely to target the lies they encounter, and in a culture where a columnist like Goodwin sees what’s going on and celebrates it as Trump playing the game well.
The American right complains about the media as much as any ideological movement ever has, even as it wallows in a right-of-center media ecosystem far more dishonest and less rigorous than The New York Times on its worst day. Some of its most popular figures pander and mislead and constantly vilify the other side. Insofar as that other side writes off their entire audiences, the populist right-wing will keep winning. Its Achilles’ heel is that it relies on blatant misinformation to win. Can conservatives or libertarians or liberals pierce the bubble? Are they even trying?



ARTICLE
The Trump administration told a federal appeals court Thursday it would rewrite its controversial travel ban targeting several Muslim-majority countries, effectively conceding defeat for now in the new president’s first major confrontation with the federal judiciary.
In a 61-page filing in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, Justice Department lawyers strongly disagreed with a three-judge appellate panel’s decision to keep blocking the order’s enforcement while proceedings continue in a federal district court in Seattle. But the lawyers declined to ask the Ninth Circuit to convene a broader panel to reconsider the three judges’ decision.
“Rather than continuing this litigation, the President intends in the near future to rescind the Order and replace it with a new, substantially revised Executive Order to eliminate what the panel erroneously thought were constitutional concerns,” the Justice Department told the court. “In so doing, the President will clear the way for immediately protecting the country rather than pursuing further, potentially time-consuming litigation.”
It was a sterile, formalistic admission of defeat—at least for now—in a separation-of-powers standoff that had consumed most of the new president’s first month in office. The order’s sudden, haphazard rollout on January 27, one week after President Trump’s inauguration, stranded travelers in airports and sparked protests at major U.S. airports as demonstrators and lawyers demanded their release from custody. Federal judges in multiple states eventually intervened at the request of the ACLU and immigrant-rights groups, blunting the order’s impact in a patchwork archipelago of temporary restraining orders.
The setback came despite sustained criticism from the Trump administration of the rulings; of federal district court judge James Robart, who issued the broadest nationwide injunction against the ruling; of the three-judge panel that upheld Robart’s injunction; of the Ninth Circuit as a whole; and of the federal judiciary. Those critiques ranged from challenges to the courts’ legitimacy to insinuations the judiciary would bear responsibility for future terrorist attacks.
“Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril,” Trump tweeted at one point. “If something bad happens blame him and court system.”
The president echoed those themes during his lengthy Thursday press conference, in which he insisted his presidency was operating like a “fine-tuned machine” and instead claimed it was the Ninth Circuit that was actually adrift. “That circuit is in chaos, and frankly that circuit is in turmoil,” Trump told reporters. He said he had heard the circuit was overturned 80 percent of the time by the Supreme Court—a highly misleading way to measure a court’s performance. (The Supreme Court, by design, reviews lower-court decisions for error or incongruity, not general quality; it also accepts only a handful of the thousands of cases decided by the Ninth Circuit each year.)
The White House did not reveal its plans until its filing Thursday, as it  spent a week weighing whether it should continue to defend the order in the courts or start anew. Neither of its options for appeal seemed likely to succeed. The Trump administration could have asked a broader panel of the Ninth Circuit to reconsider the ruling, but two-thirds of the court’s judges were nominated by Democratic presidents—not a definitive measure of a court’s ideology, but not a heartening one for a Republican president, either. And if the administration asked the U.S. Supreme Court to intervene, five votes from the eight justices would be needed to overturn the panel’s decision. Even if the four justices on the Court’s conservative wing sided with the administration, a fifth vote from its liberal wing could have been difficult to find.
The Ninth Circuit case, Washington v. Trump, is one of more than a dozen lawsuits challenging the ban’s legality across the country. But it quickly became the highest profile case after federal district judge James Robart issued a broad nationwide injunction on February 3 that temporarily barred the federal government from enforcing the order pending further hearings.
Justice Department lawyers quickly sought an emergency stay of Robart’s order from a three-judge appeals panel in the Ninth Circuit. The panel unanimously rejected that request on February 9, ruling that the states of Washington and Minnesota, which filed the lawsuit, had standing to challenge the order on behalf of students and faculty in their public-university systems.
The three judges also indicated the states’ contention that the order violated the Constitution’s due-process protections had a chance of success in the lower courts, although it declined to rule on the merits of those arguments itself. The panel also declined to consider whether the order violated the First Amendment’s religious-freedom protections by targeting Muslim-majority countries.
The federal government, for its part, strongly defended the order’s legality and constitutionality since it was issued on January 27. Administration officials and Justice Department lawyers pointed to the executive branch’s traditionally broad discretion in immigration and national-security matters, as well as a federal statute authorizing the president to suspend the entry of visa holders from certain countries. They also rejected the states’ claims of religious discrimination by noting the order didn’t mention explicitly mention Muslims.
But those arguments made little headway among the federal judiciary. Making the president’s executive order unreviewable by federal courts, the Ninth Circuit panel said, “runs contrary to the fundamental structure of our constitutional democracy.” And in an order-related lawsuit in Virginia, federal judge Leonie Brinkema extensively cited Trump’s previous comments on Muslim immigration when issuing a preliminary injunction against the ban’s enforcement.
The administration hasn’t offered details yet on its next executive order, which President Trump said would be released sometime next week. But the Justice Department did reiterate some arguments in its Thursday filing that will likely resurface in the next generation of legal battles over it.
Central to their brief was the president’s statutory power to exclude classes of foreign nationals from entry, which they cautioned against limiting. “Among other things, it would disable the President from suspending the entry of immigrants from a country with which the United States is on the verge of war,” That provision’s scope went unaddressed by the Ninth Circuit panel’s ruling, even in passing.
But the most interesting portion of the filing dealt with something beyond the order itself. President Trump’s campaign comments on Muslim immigration shaped the public debate of the travel ban, even as he publicly downsized his call for a “total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States” to the opaquer term “extreme vetting” and other euphemisms. The order makes no specific reference to Muslims, of course, but its genealogy is unmistakeable.
The Justice Department, however, urged the Ninth Circuit to look away from those comments. The states’ invocation of them was “profoundly misguided” because it could impose additional judicial constraints on presidents for statements made as private citizens. “That approach, under which the powers of the Presidency would vary based on the identity of the individual duly elected by the people to hold that Office, has no sound basis in precedent and would raise significant separation-of-powers concerns,” they wrote.
But their warnings could be too late. As Vox’s Dara Lind noted last week, those comments could haunt the travel ban’s constitutionality in any iteration. The states cited Supreme Court religious-freedom precedents in which government officials’ statements could be used as evidence of discrimination when reviewing ostensibly neutral laws. And at least one federal judge has shown a willingness to use those precedents against the Trump administration.
Many of the executive order’s flaws can be ironed out with more thorough review by the Justice Department. The president’s own words, however, could be a stain that may be impossible to wash away.



ARTICLE
Massive crowds have gathered in cities like Washington, D.C., and New York to protest actions taken by the president since he took office. But those protests aren’t confined to liberal strongholds. Even in red states, some frustrated and anxious voters are protesting the administration and putting pressure on Republican lawmakers to stand up to the White House.
In some of the most conservative parts of the country, voters without much experience in political organizing are taking a page out of the Tea Party playbook, while existing Democratic organizations are channeling discontent with the administration into protest. Red-state Democrats point to the agitation as evidence that opposition to Trump and his agenda is widespread, and they warn that elected officials of both parties may pay a price if they write off the activism as inconsequential.
“This isn’t a fad, it’s not going away, and there’s nothing coastal or elite about it,” said 19-year-old Dalton Slatton, the president of Middle Tennessee State University’s College Democrats, which helped organize a protest outside a recent town hall featuring Republican congresswoman Diane Black. “If Democrats don’t get behind this movement, we may see a shake-up in the Democratic Party,” he predicted, adding that Republicans might also face voter fury if they don’t take the current protests seriously.
Last week, videos went viral of people expressing anger and dismay over the possible repeal of the Affordable Care Act during the town hall in Tennessee, a state Trump won by a double-digit margin. So did footage of an angry crowd yelling “Do your job!” at Republican congressman and House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz at a town hall in Utah.
One challenge facing red-state activists is that their GOP lawmakers may dismiss dissenting viewpoints as the shouts and murmurs of an angry fringe. Chaffetz, who has faced pressure to investigate Trump, told The Deseret News that the confrontation he faced during his town hall was “bullying and an attempt at intimidation.” Trump himself seemed to dismiss the recent protests during a press conference on Thursday. “They fill up our rallies with people that you wonder how they get there, but they’re not the Republican people that our representatives are representing,” he said.
That kind of reaction to protests against the administration’s agenda could provoke even more backlash. “People are incredibly angry right now, and at this point that anger is a gift, to be quite frank,” said Donald Aguirre, a 33-year-old co-founder of Utah Indivisible, a group that describes itself as “the resistance to the Trump agenda” and helped organize people to show up at Chaffetz’s town hall. “The more people try to brush us aside or fail to take our concerns seriously, the more motivated we’ll become.”
As a result of that activism, elected officials may grow increasingly reluctant to show up in public settings where confrontations caught on tape can ricochet across social media. There are already indications that lawmakers are looking for ways to get their message out without the risk of facing a hostile crowd. “After outpourings of rage at some early town halls,” Vice reported on Thursday, “Republicans are ducking in-person events altogether, opting instead for more controlled Facebook Live or ‘tele-townhalls,’ where questions can be screened by press secretaries and follow-ups are limited.”
In Arizona, Republican Representative Martha McSally declined to participate in an upcoming public forum organized by activists concerned about Trump’s agenda, calling the event “a political ambush” earlier this month. “Congresswoman McSally has been incredibly open and accessible to her constituents and she will continue to be,” her spokesman Patrick Ptak said in a statement, noting that she has held more than 30 town halls since taking office and met with the activists in her Tucson district office last Friday to “hear their thoughts and concerns.”
The refusal left 49-year-old Democrat Marion Chubon, one of the activists McSally met with, disappointed but undeterred. She recently formed a group called McSally Take a Stand to encourage her congresswoman to speak out against Trump. “I’m not here to disrupt government, or cause a scene,” Chubon said in an interview. “It just feels like we’re going in the wrong direction as a country right now, and we have to resist going backward on all the progress we’ve made.”
Even if activists don’t get exactly what they want from elected officials, that doesn’t mean confrontational tactics won’t be effective. High-profile agitation, whether at town halls, protests, or marches, may be enough to generate and help sustain enthusiasm among Democratic voters to remain politically active while their party is currently out of power.
Pressuring elected officials to take on Trump might also prompt lawmakers to reconsider their approach to dealing with the administration. A few days after his run-in with the town-hall crowd yelling “Do your job,” Chaffetz initiated an inquiry into security protocols at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida when the president reportedly discussed a North Korean missile launch with the Japanese Prime Minister. “We’ll be vigorous in our oversight,” the congressman told The Salt Lake Tribune on Tuesday for an article on the newly announced investigative action.
Republican lawmakers may be more motivated to act if they believe the demands are coming from a significant number of their constituents. Aguirre, who said he never attended a protest before the election, noted that Utah Indivisible is composed of Democrats, Republicans, and libertarians. “We’re a group of people who are all extremely pissed off,” he explained. Amanda Gormley, a 34-year-old Arizona Democrat and spokesperson for PN Tucson, which formed in opposition to Trump’s election, said her organization is “open to talking to conservatives.” But she clarified that’s not the group’s first priority. Instead, members will focus on encouraging people who voted against Trump to step up their civic engagement.  
Activists in red states may grow demoralized if the reception they receive from conservative lawmakers and voters isn’t what they would like. Republican voters and elected officials have, after all, stood by Trump through plenty of high-profile controversies that might have sunk any other politician, and so far seem likely to remain loyal to the president and his policies. It remains an open question whether these activists can avoid burnout, expand their ranks, and convince lawmakers to take their concerns seriously.



ARTICLE
The most bizarre and unsettling moment in President Trump’s bizarre and unsettling press conference this Thursday came near the end. Trump, who had been insulting the journalists questioning him for more than 90 minutes, declared that, “I want to find a friendly reporter.”
Then he spied Jake Turx of the magazine Ami, a bearded man attired in the white shirt and black velvet kippa (skullcap) typical of ultra-Orthodox Jews. “Are you a friendly reporter?” Trump asked. “Watch how friendly he is. Wait. Wait. Watch how friendly he is. Go ahead.”
This is not normal. Presidents don’t usually announce that they want an easy question. It’s possible that Trump saw Turx’s distinctive appearance and guessed that he would be “friendly,” since the ultra-Orthodox supported Trump at substantially higher rates than other Jews.
In any case, the encounter initially unfolded as Trump desired. “Despite what some of my colleagues may have been reporting,” declared Turx, “I haven’t seen anybody in my community accuse either of yourself or anyone on your staff of being anti-Semitic. We understand that you have Jewish grandchildren. You are their zeide [grandfather].”
Trump responded: “Thank you.”
But then Turx pivoted. “However,” he went on, “what we are concerned about and what we really haven’t heard being addressed is an uptick in anti-Semitism and how the government is planning to take care of it. There has been a report out that 48 bomb threats have been made against Jewish centers all across the country in the last couple of weeks. There are people who are committing anti-Semitic acts or threatening to…”
At this point Trump grew angry. “He said he was gonna ask a very simple, easy question,” Trump exclaimed, interrupting Turx. “And it’s not, it’s not, not—not a simple question, not a fair question.”
Trump continued: “Number one, I am the least anti- Semitic person that you’ve ever seen in your entire life.”
Then he berated Turx some more: “See, he lied about — he was gonna get up and ask a very straight, simple question, so you know, welcome to the world of the media.”
Then Trump returned to his alleged anti-Semitism: “Let me just tell you something, that I hate the charge, I find it repulsive. I hate even the question because people that know me and you heard the prime minister, you heard Ben [sic] Netanyahu yesterday, did you hear him, Bibi? He said, I’ve known Donald Trump for a long time and then he said, forget it. So you should take that instead of having to get up and ask a very insulting question like that.”
Put aside the spectacle of a president berating a reporter for not asking a friendly enough question. More bizarre is the fact that Turx’s question was actually quite friendly. He began by denying that anyone in his community considers Trump an anti-Semite, and then asked what the government would do about a rise in anti-Semitic incidents. Trump, however, disregarded latter half and accused Turx of calling him an anti-Semite, even though Turx had said exactly the opposite. On its face, Trump’s response makes no sense.
The best way to understand it is as the product of narcissism so epic that it crowds out moral concern. Turx asked about Jewish fears of anti-Semitism. But the only thing that interested Trump was the possibility that people might consider him anti-Semitic. So he turned a question about Jewish victimization into a parable of his own victimization by a Jewish reporter.
The same narcissism was on display the day before when an Israeli journalist asked Trump about “a sharp rise in anti-Semitic incidents” and asked whether “your administration is playing with xenophobia and maybe racist tones.” Here too, Trump was handed an easy opportunity to offer reassurance to anxious American Jews. And, here too, Trump spoke mostly about himself.
He began by noting that he had won “306 Electoral College votes.” He then promised vaguely that “We are going to stop crime in this country. We are going to do everything within our power to stop long-simmering racism and every other thing that’s going on, because lot of bad things have been taking place over a long period of time.” And finally, in his only comments about Jews, he noted that he has “so many [Jewish] friends, a [Jewish] daughter who happens to be here right now, a [Jewish] son-in-law, and three beautiful [Jewish] grandchildren.” He didn’t say anything about rising anti-Semitism at all.
The problem isn’t that Trump is anti-Semitic. It’s that he’s more upset by the charge than by the actual anti-Semitism growing around the country, some of which his supporters are perpetrating. He’s like the Breitbart-types who think whites suffer more from being accused of racism than African-Americans do from actually experiencing it.
Presidents are supposed to show empathy for their anxious constituents. But when it comes to anti-Semitism, the only person Trump shows empathy for is himself.



ARTICLE
In what will surely go down as one of the most bizarre and combative presidential press conferences in American history, President Trump redirected what was slated to be an announcement about his labor secretary nomination (sorry, Alexander Acosta) into an oratorical version of a Trump tweetstorm.
The focus of his outrage—the media––was not new, but the unvarnished disdain, unhinged fixations, and wild accusations were most certainly firsts for a sitting president. “The public doesn’t believe you people anymore,” he announced to the room full of reporters. “Now, maybe I had something to do with that. I don’t know. But they don’t believe you.” It was a boast disguised as a lament.
Throughout the 77-minute mindbender, Trump responded to legitimate questions about uncomfortable, unflattering, and deeply problematic allegations with complete dismissal. Most often, this was in response to questions about his administration’s ties to Russia, in the aftermath of (former) national security adviser Mike Flynn’s resignation. “It’s all fake news,” he said at the start of the question-and-answer period. “It’s all fake news.”
His responses on the topic ranged from belligerent to nonsensical—the kind of dialogue that might reasonably be found in an SNL skit, rather than an official White House transcript: “Well, the leaks are real,” he asserted. “You’re the one that wrote about them and reported them, I mean the leaks are real.”
Then he added, “The news is fake because so much of the news is fake.”
Huh?
When pressed about a recent New York Times story detailing calls between his campaign staff and Russian intelligence, Trump offered, “The failing New York Times wrote a big, long front-page story yesterday. And it was very much discredited, as you know. It was—it’s a joke.” (For the record, Trump gave no citation as to where and how the Times’ reporting was actually discredited).
But this shrugging-off of facts was not limited to questions about Trump’s connections with Russia. After incorrectly stating that, among Republican candidates, his electoral victory was second only to Reagan’s, NBC’s Peter Alexander pointed out the truth: It was not (George H.W. Bush bested Trump by 120 electoral votes. What’s more, every president since—other than George W. Bush—has had bigger victories). Trump remained defiant. “Well, I don’t know,” he said, “I was given that information. I was given—I actually, I’ve seen that information around.” If he was mistaken, it was someone else’s fault.
Frustrated by the fusillade of tough questions, Trump scanned the room: “Let’s see,” he said, “I want to find a friendly reporter.” Even for a press corps that long ago ceded normalized relations with the White House, it was a gasp-worthy moment. “Are you a friendly reporter?” Trump asked, shamelessly, to a reporter near the front of the pack. “Watch how friendly he is. Go ahead.”
The reporter, Jake Turx, who writes for the ultra-Orthodox Jewish publication Ami, asked about an increase in anti-Semitic hate crimes since Trump’s inauguration. The president was upset—this was not a friendly reporter kind of question! “He said he was gonna ask a very simple, easy question,” the president complained. “And it’s not. It’s not a simple question, not a fair question.” The audacity.
Trump began to answer: “Number one, I am the least anti- Semitic person that you’ve ever seen in your entire life. Number two, racism, the least racist person.” (Never mind that Turx had not asserted either—in fact, he’d gone out of his way to stipulate that no one in his community understood Trump to be an anti-Semite.) But, clearly, the president was still hung up on the fact that he was even being asked about this to begin with.
“See,” he circled back to the premise—the alleged friendly reporter question. “He lied about — he was gonna get up and ask a very straight, simple question, so you know, welcome to the world of the media.” (Or: welcome to the world of the presidency.)
At last, someone did ask a friendly reporter sort of question, about Melania Trump’s forthcoming plans for her duties as first lady.
“Now, that’s what I call a nice question,” said Trump. “That is very—who are you with?” The reporter answered, inaudibly.
“Good,” said the president. “I’m gonna start watching, all right? Thank you very much.” Here was the apparent reward for a softball question: presidential endorsement, the spoils of capitulation.
In between the sideswipes and frontal assaults, there were plenty of meandering, wound-licking asides. Trump spoke at length of the “hatred” that suffused CNN anchor Don Lemon’s 10 p.m. show: “You just take a look at that show. That is a constant hit. The panel is almost always exclusive anti-Trump. The good news is he doesn’t have good ratings. But the panel is almost exclusive anti-Trump. And the hatred and venom coming from his mouth; the hatred coming from other people on your network ...” He trailed off, incredulous.
In their way, these moments might have been most revealing: Trump made clear to the public that he’s hurt by all the bad press. Yes, he is immediately defiant and consistently combative, but underneath these two emotions, his feelings, apparently, are tender. “The tone is such hatred,” he said at one point. “I’m really not a bad person, by the way.”
Maybe he had a point: Why did all these reporters hate him so much, want to write all these nasty stories? Here he was, the straight-talking 45th president of the United States, a man who had single-handedly buoyed an entire news industry, given them not only choice bon mots but soaring ratings, increased ad rates, and endless amusements. What was everybody complaining about?  
Plenty, as it turns out.
Trump seems to have little conception of the fact that journalism is not the art of the personal attack, but the search for truth. Reporting is not driven by vengeance, but a desire for transparency. He does not understand the basic principle of the fourth estate as something that exists independent of him, and in service to the American public.
Through this distorted lens, each pointed question becomes an indignation, each scoop a repudiation, each headline an offensive, causing him to behave, as he did on Thursday, recklessly. And what he does not grasp further––and more importantly––is that his incredible treatment of the reporters gathered before him, whether physically or virtually, does not dim their search for truth or transparency. It makes it all the more urgent.
Inevitably, for a few hours after the press conference, there were eyerolls and laughter and a lot of head-shaking in newsrooms across the country.
And then everybody got back to work.  



ARTICLE
In a wide-ranging—and at times, unwieldy—press conference, Trump defended his tumultuous first weeks in the White House, saying his administration is operating like a “fine-tuned machine”; railed against the media and its reporting on alleged contact between his associates and Russian officials; announced that the administration will issue a new executive order next week; and named his new nominee for labor secretary, Alexander Acosta. Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn reportedly denied that he had discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador before Trump took office in an interview with FBI agents. The Senate confirmed Mick Mulvaney to head the Office of Management and Budget, and the Judiciary Committee said the Senate will begin hearings for Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, on March 20.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

Keeping Secrets From Trump?: The Wall Street Journal reports that U.S. intelligence officials “have withheld sensitive intelligence” from Trump because they're concerned that it could be leaked or compromised, underscoring “the deep mistrust that has developed between the intelligence community and the president.” (Shane Harris and Carol E. Lee)
A State of Constant Chaos: Trump’s first days in office have been mired in controversy, writes Philip Elliott, but the president is afraid to change his strategy: “Bottle up the disruptive methods and Trump fears he could lose the magic that made him President.” (Time)
Looking for Answers: The Senate Intelligence Committee is advancing an investigation into the Trump team’s alleged ties with Russia, as well as Russian efforts to interfere with the presidential election. Here’s how the inquiry is moving forward. (Ali Watkins, BuzzFeed)
The Plot Thickens: Newsweek reports that “at least one” Western European ally has conducted surveillance of Trump staff and associates for months “out of concerns that Russia is seeking to manipulate its relationships with Trump administration officials as part of a long-term plan to destabilize the NATO alliance.”
Stay Home to Stand Up: The New York Times spoke with a few of the “carpenters, plumbers, cooks, cleaners and grocery store owners” who participated in Thursday’s “Day Without Immigrants” event that called for immigrants to stay home from work and school in protest of the Trump administration’s policies. (Liz Robbins and Annie Correal)
 
Fall From Grace: The fall of a Cabinet pick, like labor secretary nominee Andrew Puzder, is not unheard of. The five most recent presidents have each had a nominee fail in the process. Take a look at these graphics to see who they were and where they fell short. (Kevin Schaul and Kevin Uhrmacher, The Washington Post)
On Monday, February 20, we’ll celebrate Presidents’ Day. This week, we’d like to know: What U.S. president do you admire most—and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Have you ever had a job you loved, but one where you felt like you’d achieved everything you could? So you looked for a new job, went through a fairly grueling application process, if you do say so yourself, got the offer. Then you started the job, and you hated it. Worse, all the tricks you’d learned in your old job seemed to be pretty much useless in the new one. Did you ever have that experience?
The president of the United States can sympathize.
Donald Trump held the first extended press conference of his presidency on Thursday, and it was a stunning, disorienting experience. He mused about nuclear war, escalated his feud with the press, continued to dwell on the vote count in November, asked whether a black reporter was friends with the Congressional Black Caucus, and, almost as an afterthought, announced his selection for secretary of labor.
One of the few continuous themes through the otherwise disjointed performance was how little fun Trump is having. “As you know, our administration inherited many problems across government and across the economy,” Trump started in, continuing:

To be honest, I inherited a mess. It’s a mess. At home and abroad, a mess. Jobs are pouring out of the country; you see what’s going on with all of the companies leaving our country, going to Mexico and other places, low pay, low wages, mass instability overseas, no matter where you look. The Middle East is a disaster. North Korea—we’ll take care of it folks; we’re going to take care of it all. I just want to let you know, I inherited a mess.

Much of the press conference proceeded as an airing of grievances, as Trump unspooled his frustrations—principally with the press, but also quite clearly with the federal judiciary, the Senate, the Democratic Party, the intelligence community, ISIS, and whoever else came to mind.
The litany of misery wasn’t always consistent. On the one hand, “Jobs have already started to surge,” he said. On the other, “Jobs are pouring out of the country.” Trump’s doomsaying on the economy cut directly against a triumphant tweet Thursday morning, in which he boasted, “Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!”
There’s been a boom in the cottage industry of diagnosing the president’s mental health from afar these days, the kind of thing that shouldn’t even be done by licensed professionals, much less amateurs. But it’s hard not to suspect that Trump isn’t having a lot of fun. He’s eyed the presidency for decades, and now that he’s in the White House, he seems deeply unhappy.
And who can blame him? The administration is plagued by leaks, from rival factions sniping at each other within the West Wing to intelligence officials speaking for stories that have damaged the administration and brought down National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. (Yes, Virginia, that was this week, even though it feels like forever ago.) Trump’s signature immigration executive order has been halted by federal courts. The storied wall isn’t under construction, and Mexico still won’t pay. Several Cabinet spots remain unfilled. There’s little progress on repealing and replacing Obamacare. He is beginning to learn just how slowly the wheels of action turn in politics. Meanwhile, congressional Republicans have slowly begun to agitate for investigations into various questionable Trump moves.
Trump tried to insist everything was fine. “I turn on the TV, open the newspapers and I see stories of chaos. Chaos,” he said. “Yet it is the exact opposite. This administration is running like a fine-tuned machine, despite the fact that I can’t get my cabinet approved.”
He argued that, in the face of the evidence, he had already accomplished much. “In each of these actions, I’m keeping my promises to the American people. These are campaign promises,” he said. “Some people are so surprised that we’re having strong borders.”
His mood and words suggested otherwise. “I’m not ranting and raving,” he ranted and raved. There are other signs of frustration. Rather than spend weekends at the White House, he has made a habit of going to Mar-a-Lago, the Florida resort where he apparently feels more comfortable. On Saturday, he’ll hold what his aides have described as a campaign rally, effectively starting his 2020 reelection race. These are excuses to leave Washington, but they also point to a president who misses the presidential campaign, when he was an underdog who kept beating expectations, and before he had to wrestle with the work of governing. That nostalgia manifested itself in a reverie about the election, and how no one thought he could win.
“We got 306 because people came out and voted like they’ve never seen before so that’s the way it goes,” he said. In fact, he got 304. “I guess it was the biggest electoral college win since Ronald Reagan,” Trump said, again falsely.
Trump is not alone in encountering some challenges in his early presidency. John Kennedy joked to Robert McNamara, “I'm not aware of any school for presidents.” After receiving his first classified briefing as president-elect, in 2008, Barack Obama quipped, “It’s good that there are bars on the windows here because if there weren’t, I might be jumping out.”
Nor is Trump alone in his battles with the press. “I'm kind of sitting back and enjoying Trump's war with the press,” Leon Panetta, the former White House chief of staff, CIA director, and defense secretary, told me recently. “I've worked in one way or another under nine presidents. There isn't one of them that had a loving relationship with the press. The nature of it is presidents hate bad stories.”
But Trump seems to take this unusually personally, perhaps because he has always recognized the power of the media to craft his image, and so masterfully manipulated it in building his business legend and his presidential campaign. Now he can’t seem to catch a break from the press.
What about the problems he identified—ISIS, the economy, and so on: Did Trump not expect them to be intractable, thorny problems? After all, his campaign was predicated on a dark vision of America coming apart at the seams. On stumps from Arizona to Appalachia to Akron, he warned of the evils of the establishment, the threats of ISIS, the struggles of the economy. “I alone can fix it,” he pledged. Did Trump not believe his own rhetoric, or did he imagine that these problems would melt away simply by virtue of his inauguration?
The early Trump presidency has been more chaotic than any other recent launch, even the hectic first days of the Clinton administration. It’s hard to know what to make of Trump’s jeremiad, which, beneath the bluster and fury, telegraphed a plaintive frustration that he had been unable to accomplish more, and perhaps moreover to convince the press and the public that he was accomplishing more. The catch-22 for Trump is this: As his ratings obsession shows, he desperately wants to be loved. Yet that desire for approval is leading Trump toward campaign events, to Mar-a-Lago, to searingly weird press conferences—all things that distract him from getting down to the real work of governing, without which his performance and approval are unlikely to rise.



ARTICLE
R. Alexander Acosta, President Trump’s pick to run the Labor Department following the withdrawal of Andrew Puzder’s nomination, was the head of the civil-rights division of the Department of Justice in the Bush administration during a period in which his subordinates became embroiled in a scandal over politicized hiring. That scandal raises questions about Acosta’s ability to effectively manage a much larger federal agency in an administration that has already shown a tendency to skirt ethics rules.
“That period, all hell broke in the civil rights division,” said William Yeomans, a professor of law at American University and a former deputy section chief in the division under Acosta. “That was all under Acosta, he presided over the politicization of the civil-rights division.”
At the time of his nomination to run the civil-rights division, Acosta had substantial bipartisan support––he was approved by voice vote in the Senate, and had the backing of Latino rights groups like the National Council of La Raza.  Acosta is of Cuban descent and would be the first Hispanic American in Trump’s cabinet.  But at the Justice Department, his subordinates skirted the law, seeking to purge liberal attorneys from the division and replace them with conservatives. Acosta told investigators he was unaware of what was occurring.
Yeomans, however, said he found that implausible. Yeomans recalled Acosta telling him that Acosta believed that he had been denied a position as a line attorney in the civil-rights division earlier in his career because he was conservative.
“It's not as if Alex didn't know what was going on,” Yeomans said. “I'm confident that he approved, it was part of the political goals of the political appointees to purge the civil-rights division of what they thought were a bunch of leftists.”
According to a 2008 joint report from the Department of Justice Inspector General and Office of Professional Responsibility, in 2003, while leading the division, Acosta delegated hiring authority to a subordinate, Sheldon Bradshaw, who in turn placed Bradley Schlozman in charge of hiring decisions for the division. The report concluded that Schlozman had broken civil-service laws by considering political affiliation in hiring, and that he had lied to the Senate Judiciary Committee about his activities. He was never prosecuted.
The report states that Schlozman used terms like “real Americans,” “right thinking,” “solid,” and “on the team” to describe conservative attorneys—the ones he wanted to hire—and that Bradshaw was aware of the meaning of those terms. Schlozman, deploying a colorful metaphor, stated in an email that “My tentative plans are to gerrymander all of those crazy libs rights out of the [voting] section.”
The report did not implicate Acosta in that process, but it did conclude that he and others in the division had “sufficient information about Schlozman’s conduct to have raised red flags warranting closer supervision of him.” However, “despite the warnings,” Acosta and others “took no action to investigate, bring the matter to the attention of their supervisors, or change Schlozman’s role in hiring for the Division.”
In particular, Acosta was made aware of an incident in which Schlozman approvingly forwarded a racist joke by another political appointee, voting-section chief John Tanner, in which he stated that he liked his coffee “black and bitter” like “Mary Frances Berry,” the then-chair of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights. Acosta told investigators that he had made Schlozman apologize over email. Investigators were unable to find such an email among Schlozman’s recovered correspondence––but they also did not have access to Acosta’s emails, because he had left the division years earlier to be a U.S. Attorney in Florida.
A career attorney in the division also claimed that she had warned Acosta that the people Schlozman was hiring were unqualified, but Acosta claimed that “no one complained to him that inappropriate hiring practices were taking place.”
Joe Rich of the Lawyer’s Committee for Civil Rights who was in the division during Acosta’s tenure, said “I assumed he must have known what was going on, but I can't say that from personal knowledge.
"He was in charge at the time that Schlozman was doing his thing, and did nothing to really stop that,” said Rich. “There were a few occasions when I tried to appeal decisions that Schlozman made to him, and I got short shrift in those appeals and got no where.”
The report concludes that Acosta and later civil-rights division head Wan Kim “did not sufficiently supervise Schlozman,” and that “in light of indications they had about Schlozman’s conduct and judgment, they failed to ensure that Schlozman’s hiring and personnel decisions were based on proper considerations.”
Yoemans said that Acosta’s management of the civil-rights division raises questions about his nomination as labor secretary. “His history of allowing the processes of the civil-rights division to be politicized doesn’t bode well for his running an entire federal agency,” said Yeomans.



ARTICLE
President Trump announced Thursday he is nominating Alexander Acosta as secretary of labor, moving fast to bounce back from Andrew Puzder’s failed nomination.
Acosta, the son of Cuban immigrants, is an experienced former government employee, having served on the National Labor Relations Board, led the civil-rights division of the Justice Department, and served as a U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Florida during the George W. Bush administration. If confirmed, he will give the Trump Cabinet its first Hispanic appointee. Acosta served as a law clerk to current Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito when Alito was serving as a federal appellate judge. Acosta is currently the dean of the law school at Florida International University.
Trump announced the appointment with an unusually brief, vague comment at the start of a White House press conference Thursday afternoon. Acosta was not present.
“He has had a tremendous career,” Trump said. “I’ve wished him the best, we just spoke. I think he’ll be a tremendous secretary of labor.”
Trump wasted little time in announcing Acosta’s appointment, which came less than 24 hours after the withdrawal of Puzder, who is chief executive of the parent company of Hardee’s and Carl’s Jr. His nomination, already looking troubled, collapsed Wednesday when it became clear that too many Republicans refused to support his nomination. Trump did not make so much as a statement about Puzder’s departure.
In a statement, the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce called Acosta “an outstanding choice for this cabinet position.”
The speed raises questions about the White House nomination process—Puzder, after all, seems to have been insufficiently vetted. But Acosta looks like a much safer, more conventional pick than most of Trump’s nominees, and crucially, he has already been confirmed by the Senate for previous posts, which usually indicates a smoother process.
Acosta’s most immediately applicable resume line seems to be his service on the NLRB, which ran for approximately nine months between December 2002 and August 2003. The board, an independent federal agency with members appointed by the president, oversees issues like collective bargaining and union disputes.
He was then named assistant attorney general, the first Hispanic to hold that title, overseeing the civil-rights division. He was endorsed for that post by a wide range of groups, including the Hispanic Bar Association, the Arab American Institute, and the National Council of La Raza, which called Acosta “a bridge-builder, not only with the Latino community but with other ethnic and racial groups, adding that while “We may not agree with everything that Mr. Acosta has done or will do, but we are certain that he is someone who will listen and act in a fair manner.”
Nonetheless, his stint at the Justice Department will likely be a locus of criticism for Democrats. The Bush Justice Department, and particularly the Civil Rights Division, were shaken by a scandal over improper politicization of the hiring process, as well as unlawful firings of U.S. attorneys. Acosta’s deputy was Bradley Schlozman. A Justice inspector general’s report “found that Schlozman inappropriately considered political and ideological affiliations in hiring experienced attorneys in the sections he supervised and entry-level attorneys throughout the Division for the Attorney General’s Honors Program.” Acosta denied knowledge of Schlozman’s transgressions, though some colleagues disputed that.
In 2005, President Bush appointed Acosta U.S. Attorney in Florida’s southern district, which includes Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and Key West. Among his notable prosecutions were the disgraced lobbyist Jack Abramoff and aspiring terrorist Jose Padilla. He also extracted a $780 million fine from UBS, the Swiss bank, in a fraud and conspiracy case. In 2009, Acosta became dean of law at FIU.
It is tempting, if premature, to view Acosta’s appointment as the beginning of a course correction toward a more cautious, traditional appointment process at the White House. Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, forced out this week for misrepresenting conversations with the Russian ambassador, had been seen by some corners of the national-security establishment as something of a wild-eyed conspiracy theorist. The reported frontrunner for his old post, Admiral Robert Harward, is a respected, sober figure. In lieu of Puzder, whose nomination fell apart amid questions about hiring of illegal immigrants and decades-old allegations of spousal abuse, Trump is selecting a well-respected public servant—a conservative pick in the non-political sense of the word.  Acosta is unlikely to win the hearts and minds of Democrats, but he will make a much more difficult target for them, and he should find support among congressional Republicans disconcerted by the rocky start to the Trump administration.



ARTICLE
It’s a rare event when President Trump tweets approvingly of a journalist, but yesterday Eli Lake of Bloomberg View gained that unusual honor.

Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - "The NSA & FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is" Very serious situation for USA
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
Pretty obviously, the president had not actually read the underlying column, which opens with a summary of Trump’s most egregious untruths, to build to the observation: “for a White House that has such a casual and opportunistic relationship with the truth, it’s strange that Flynn’s ‘lie’ to Pence would get him fired.”  (Trump also missed Lake’s early-off-the-blocks reporting on Russian responsibility for the DNC and DCCC hacks.  )
Yet Lake’s core point has been seized upon by those looking to distract from what Trump himself called “the Russia connection.” Following Donald Trump, the House Oversight Committee’s chairman, Jason Chaffetz, has insisted that it is the leaker, not the leaks, that merits investigation. That line has been adopted by the administration’s favored talkers in the media, led—naturally—by Sean Hannity.
These talkers argue that what we are seeing here is a slow-motion coup d’etat: lawless leaks by politicized intelligence officers aimed at destroying the elected president of the United States.
Here are three reasons to reject this claim:
1) When Russian spies hacked Democratic emails, and then posted those emails via WikiLeaks, the Trump campaign and its friends noisily insisted that it didn’t matter how information came into the public domain, but only whether the information told Americans something important about a would-be president.
“I love WikiLeaks!” said Donald Trump at a rally in Pennsylvania in October. A Republican congressman who had over-enthusiastically tweeted “Thank God for WikiLeaks” explained himself in a more formal statement: While he did not condone illegal activity, he was “thankful the information was out there.”  And this was the line certainly from Trump supporters on air and online: The real news was the content of the leak, not the fact of the leak.
Yet in the WikiLeaks instance, the content of the leak was a series of nothingburgers. Maybe the most exciting revelation was that Donna Brazile had shared with the Clinton campaign one of the questions to be posed to Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders at a CNN townhall during the Democratic primaries. Now, however, we are dealing with information of truly vital national importance: plausible allegations that a U.S. presidential campaign had contact with a hostile foreign power which had hacked the communications of its political opponents. If there was any coordination, the resulting scandal would blend Watergate with Alger Hiss. The people who “loved WikiLeaks” seem poorly positioned to complain that potentially vastly greater wrongdoing is being brought to light by the same methods they endorsed for their own advantage.
2) If the information about the Trump campaign’s apparent collusion with the Russians were not leaked, it would have been smothered and covered up. Congress refused to act. The Department of Justice has shown zero interest. The president’s occasional remarks about the matter carry all the conviction of O.J. Simpson’s vow to search for the real killers.
What, exactly, were investigators supposed to do with their information if they did not share it with the public? Evidence that close associates of the current president of the United States had contacts with a hostile foreign-intelligence service is not a matter of purely historical interest. It’s not just a law-enforcement matter. The whistle blowers are blowing whistles, at immense professional and legal risk to themselves, because the people in charge of protecting the system against foreign spy penetration are themselves implicated in that penetration.
3) Eli Lake vividly characterized the fate of Michael Flynn as a “political assassination.” It might be more accurate to describe the current struggle as a duel. Well before the latest revelations, Team Trump has unmistakably signaled its intention to purge the intelligence services of people with knowledge of the president’s Russia connection.
In early January, multiple newspapers reported that the incoming administration planned radical reforms of the intelligence agencies. These reports agreed that the new administration wanted to reduce the role of the Director of National Intelligence, the central coordinator of all intelligence products. But instead of reverting to the pre-9/11 situation where the coordinating job was assumed by the CIA, that agency, too, would be downgraded. Its director was initially removed from the Principals Committee of the National Security Council: a bold declaration of reduced status.  
Instead, the coordination would occur at the new and politicized NSC itself, where Steve Bannon would have a permanent seat but not the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. That would have placed the White House and the national security adviser, Mike Flynn, more directly in control of the agencies investigating … the White House and Flynn.
Maybe this was all undertaken for the highest and most disinterested public motives. And Flynn has now resigned; the CIA director has been restored to his seat at the table. But you can imagine that an investigator of the White House’s troubling Russia connections might have perceived a purge in the making. If information was not brought forth now, such an investigator might reasonably fear, that information would be silenced and secreted forever by people with a deep personal interest in silencing and secreting it.
What Americans should all be able to agree is that this duel is no way to conduct the national security of the United States. What’s needed is an independent investigation of all aspects of the Trump-Russia connection, headed by respected nonpartisan officials, equipped with the power to subpoena all relevant information, including the president’s tax returns. And it’s needed now.



ARTICLE
Republicans understandably want to use the GOP’s control of Congress and the White House to pass the domestic agenda Paul Ryan has spent years crafting. If the executive branch wasn’t such a mess they could focus on that project with a clear conscience.
Instead, Ryan and his colleagues confront an inconvenient reality: The Constitution charges them with adequately overseeing the executive branch. And right now, either the Trump administration is unduly influenced by murky, possibly illegal ties to Russia, or members of the bureaucracy are spreading misinformation to undermine a democratically elected leader, or both are happening.
This is a perilous moment for the American republic.
For good reason, millions of Americans are fearful. Ongoing uncertainty about these events is eroding faith in democratic institutions that were already worryingly brittle, in a polity where many were already anxious, angry, and polarized. And even those most intent on avoiding a crisis disagree about the best course.
John Podhoretz observes that “already pro-Trump voices on the right are calling the leaks that led to Michael Flynn’s firing evidence of an attempted coup d’etat. The fevered use of such terms is part and parcel of the way in which social media amplifies the melodrama of daily news stories. I am myself unnerved by the evidence of high-level lawlessness in the Flynn matter, but a ‘coup d’etat’ refers specifically to a military ouster of a leader, not a leak-driven campaign using the press to nail someone.”
He worries,

This is sure to persist, though, if the Flynn-Russia matter accelerates—and if the reluctant House and Senate do begin investigating the matter in earnest. If the language surrounding the investigation remains florid and purple, if Democrats try to please their Trump-hating constituents by screaming impeachment and liberal media tries to garner audience by jumping openly and vociferously on the bandwagon, the Trumpians will respond in kind by stirring the pot through their media and their argumentation.

The result might well be violence. Not rhetorical violence. Actual violence. Actual political violence. Actual conflicts between anti-Trumpers and Trumpers. At demonstrations. In the streets. Of our cities. Political violence of a sort we haven’t seen in 50 years, and maybe haven’t really seen in this country in the modern era. Those who believe Trump is a unique menace whose threat to our democratic way of life will be met with those who believe the elites are using illicit means to oust the legitimately elected president. This is not a fantasy. This is one possible future. And every rational person who cares about the future of the country should be mindful of it, and should work to forestall it.

The counsel to forestall conflict that might spiral out of control is prudent, and I too dread how congressional investigations could play in polarized social-media channels. Yet, I worry as much about Congress abdicating its oversight role. What if a credible accounting of the truth is the course most likely to forestall crisis and congressional fact-finding is best positioned to produce that account? In its absence might the executive branch continue its dangerous dysfunction, with an erratic president, competing factions of backstabbing aides, and alarmed intelligence professionals continuing to fight via alternative accountings?
Noah Millman thinks so.
Thus he wants an investigation. “I completely understand why a Republican Congress would be reluctant to do this,” he writes at The American Conservative. “There’s not only the risk that they’d cripple their own party’s presidency; there’s the very real risk of retaliation by the Trump administration, and the President taking steps to mobilize his supporters against members of Congress that threaten him.”
Nevertheless, “it looks like major elements within the national security bureaucracy are prepared to create a constitutional crisis in response to what they believe is a serious and real threat to American national security from the White House itself,” he argues. “And there is really only one way to avoid such a crisis: for Congress to step up and begin the necessary investigations of the Trump administration.” If Trump and his senior team is cleared of wrongdoing, they’ll be able to govern all the better without the strong appearance of corruption clouding them while a bureaucracy spreads lies in order to undermine their actions. If Trump or his team did coordinate on the DNC leaks, or are otherwise beholden to Vladamir Putin or Russian financial actors, what’s more urgent than knowing?
So far, most Republican legislators are averse to seeking the whole truth.
“House and Senate Republicans are following President Trump's lead by demanding investigations into the damaging leaks that have been pouring out of the federal government since President Trump took office,” the Washington Examiner reports. But investigating leaks alone won’t tell us if the White House is compromised or if the Deep State is misleading the public into thinking it is compromised.
All we can say for sure, before being apprised of the true story that eventually outs, is that the White House’s current story doesn’t hold together, as Jake Tapper illustrates:

And their handpicked investigator will never be seen as credible.
To go deeper into the weeds of unanswered questions about Mike Flynn’s resignation, see Jack Goldsmith’s list. For a compelling case that Flynn’s civil liberties were abused, read Timothy Edgar, who also thinks Flynn was dangerous in office.
I do not know the best course. I do know that guarding against a constitutional crisis is far more important than any item on the House GOP’s domestic agenda. The patriotic course would be to postpone premeditated agendas, like George W. Bush did after 9/11, and Barack Obama did during the financial crisis, when national stability required it.
And the executive branch is as unstable as it has ever been.



ARTICLE
Even as congressional Republicans mobilize for a new drive to retrench federal anti-poverty efforts, whites without a college degree—the cornerstone of the modern GOP electoral coalition—have emerged as principal beneficiaries of those programs, according to a study released Thursday morning.
The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a liberal policy-analysis group, found that in both percentage terms and absolute numbers, federal programs reduced poverty among working-age whites without a college degree more than they did among non-college-educated Hispanics, African Americans, or members of other races, and far more than they did among college-educated adults of any race. The number of these working-age whites, in fact, exceeded the combined number of non-college-educated blacks, Hispanics, and members of other races that made such gains.
These findings, based on 2014 Census Bureau data, echo other studies showing that blue-collar whites have been among the principal beneficiaries of the Affordable Care Act. Both results underscore the challenge Republicans face reconciling their ideological determination to shrink the federal government with the practical needs of their increasingly working-class coalition.
Donald Trump, for instance, won about two-thirds of whites without a college degree—the most for any Republican since Ronald Reagan in his 1984 landslide—and they provided almost exactly half of his total votes, even though they represented only about one-third of the electorate, according to media exit polls. Similarly, 152 House Republicans, out of 241 total, represent heavily blue-collar districts where the white population exceeds the national average and the portion of those whites with at least a four-year degree lags below the national average. The GOP’s overwhelming advantage in those working-class districts underpins their House majority.
Using results from the Census Bureau’s Current Population Survey, with supplemental data from an Urban Institute analysis of transfer payments, the new CBPP study challenges the frequent assumption that government anti-poverty programs primarily benefit minority communities. Instead, by examining the experience of working-age adults ages 18 to 64, the study presents evidence that education levels, not race, are the key dividing line in the programs’ reach.
“Safety-net programs are particularly beneficial for adults without a college degree,” wrote the study’s authors, Isaac Shapiro, Danilo Trisi, and Raheem Chaudhry. “The vast majority of working-age adults lifted above the poverty line by government benefits and tax credits are people lacking a college degree.”
The study’s biggest surprise may be how many of those beneficiaries are the non-college-educated whites critical to GOP fortunes. The study found that without accounting for government benefits, the poverty rate stood at nearly 25 percent for working-age white adults in families where no one holds at least a four-year college degree. That represents 14.1 million people in all.
But after accounting for the impact of federal anti-poverty and income-support programs—including Social Security, the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (known formerly as food stamps), Supplemental Security Income, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (generally described as welfare), and the earned-income and children’s tax credits—6.2 million of those non-college-educated white adults were raised above the poverty line. That reduced their poverty rate to less than one in seven, and meant that government benefits lifted fully 44 percent of otherwise poor, non-college-educated whites above the poverty line.
African Americans, Hispanics, and members of other races without advanced degrees confronted even higher poverty rates than working-class whites. But they didn’t gain quite as much from the federal anti-poverty programs. Although the CBPP analysts have not fully isolated the cause of that disparity, they say one factor may be the important role of Social Security in lifting people from poverty. That benefits whites most because they comprise the vast majority of today’s older Americans.
African Americans gained more from federal programs than other non-whites did. The study found that 43 percent of non-college-educated African Americans—some 6.5 million people in all—fell below the poverty line before accounting for government supports. Those programs lifted 2.8 million of those working-class black adults above the poverty line, which lowered their poverty rate to just under one in four. That represented a 43 percent reduction in the number of poor, working-class African Americans, a figure comparable to the percentage (if not absolute) gains among whites.
Among Hispanics, the study found, 8.6 million adults without advanced degrees fell below the poverty line, some 36 percent of that total population. Federal programs reduced that number by 2.4 million, or 28 percent, to a level just above one-fourth. Among members of other races, 2 million of those without degrees, or about one-third of the population, lived in poverty before accounting for government programs; those programs reduced their numbers by 700,000, or 37 percent, to a level just above one-fifth.

Adults from all races who hold at least a four-year college degree are much less likely to be poor: Just 6.7 million, or under 9 percent, are. Government programs reduced the number of college-educated adults from any race in poverty by 1.8 million, or 27 percent. Fewer than one in 16 of them remained poor after accounting for the government supports.
These national trends are especially concentrated in the region that proved decisive in the 2016 election. A recent Urban Institute study found that whites without a college degree constituted a majority of those who gained coverage under the ACA in the five Rustbelt states that Trump flipped from blue to red: Iowa, Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania. Similarly, the CBPP found that among all adults lifted out of poverty by federal programs, whites without a college degree represented 77 percent in Iowa, 64 percent in Ohio, 61 percent in Pennsylvania, 59 percent in Michigan, and 51 percent in Wisconsin.
House Republicans have repeatedly passed budgets that impose significant reductions on government anti-poverty programs, but those plans were mostly stymied in the Senate or by former President Obama. Now, with unified control of Washington, the GOP has a much clearer path toward enacting those cuts. But, as with the drive to repeal the ACA, they face the risk of withdrawing government benefits that many of their own voters rely on.
“[T]he election has brought increased attention to the economic difficulties that people without a college degree can face,” the CBPP report’s authors write. “Largely overlooked in the discussion of these issues to date, however, is the fact that the nation’s poverty-reduction programs provide extensive support to adults lacking a college degree, including working-class whites, and that such people would be the principal losers under various proposals to cut these programs that may emerge in coming months.”



ARTICLE
Unhappiness at The Wall Street Journal doesn’t stop at the United States border. A slew of layoffs around the world, combined with uncertainty over the paper’s direction in the Trump era, have left foreign correspondents on edge.
The Journal’s inner turmoil over its coverage of Donald Trump has been well-documented. Restive news staffers have gone on background to reporters to complain about what they see as editor-in-chief Gerry Baker’s overly sympathetic leanings toward Trump; on the opinion side, an op-ed editor was recently forced out of the paper after conflict over the page’s Trump stance. That, together with the layoffs, have contributed to what one former Journal reporter in an overseas bureau called a “depressing” atmosphere.
It’s “pretty grim and pretty depressing,” said that reporter, who like others spoke on condition of anonymity. Several cited agreements they had signed when their employment was terminated. “No region is safe and all regions will probably be affected by the layoffs.” The reporter also mentioned the concerns over Trump coverage, saying Baker’s ordering editors to not refer to Trump’s controversial travel ban as barring those from “majority Muslim” countries as something that was “obviously not taken very well by reporters [overseas].”
According to sources with knowledge of the situation, the layoffs have been widespread. The Moscow bureau has lost two reporters, reducing the size of the office—a particularly key outpost in the context of the ongoing revelations since the campaign about Russia and Trump—to just a small handful of staff. The Warsaw bureau lost one of its two reporters, and the Budapest bureau has been shut down, as has the bureau in Madrid. The one-man Riyadh bureau has also been closed. The paper’s operation in India has lost two reporters, according to a source with knowledge of the reduction. All staff in Scandinavia have been laid off except for one. The Berlin bureau is said to have been reduced by one. (Some of these layoffs were previously reported by Bloomberg and Politico.) The layoffs largely occurred in a wave on January 31.
There’s “nobody left between Stockholm and Greece, and between Berlin and Moscow there is nobody” except for the remaining reporter in Warsaw, said a former reporter in one of the European bureaus who was laid off in the latest round.
That particular reporter was not surprised at the layoffs: “The writing has been on the wall for such a long time. I’ve been anticipating this for many months, not weeks, months. If not years actually.”
But others were blindsided. According to one former reporter in an Eastern European bureau who was laid off in the latest wave, reporters in one of the bureaus in Europe were assured by their bureau chief after a wave of Journal layoffs in November that their jobs would not be affected.
Additionally, there was scant information shared internally in the company about the layoffs.
“Absolutely nothing,” the former reporter from the Eastern European bureau said. “All whispering between people who’d been laid off and other people.”
On the day of the layoffs, January 31, Baker’s daily email newsletter The 10-Point began with an item on Trump’s firing of then-Acting Attorney General Sally Yates. It was titled  “You’re Fired.”
On February 3, Baker sent out a memo to staff about the progress of the WSJ 2020 initiative, an ongoing cost-cutting review and reorganization effort, but didn’t directly mention the layoffs.
“But with our business model changing quickly as print advertising recedes, and reader habits and technology undergoing major shifts, we have to do more to rethink our business model and newsroom structure, to become more creative with new products and storytelling techniques, and to better serve our consumer and professional readers,” Baker wrote.
Baker referred to newsroom concerns about career paths and referenced recruitment efforts:
“We have heard from many of you that we have work to do here, starting with clarifying our job categories and expectations ((and growth)) and career paths for our journalists,” he wrote. “As part of that we want to beef up training to account for the ever-changing array of technologies, tools and specialties that are central to journalism today. We will seek plenty of input on how we can better help all of you develop.”
“Finally, we want to make sure our recruiting efforts are robust. We need a more diverse set of journalists and skills in our newsroom. Besides great reporters and editors, this includes being set up to recruit the best visual journalists, developers, designers, data people and many others.”
The bleeding is apparently not over; top editors in Europe held a call a couple weeks ago and indicated that more layoffs were in the works.
At a townhall on Monday meant to address newsroom concerns about Trump coverage, Baker informed staff that there had been a reduction of 200 jobs over the past few months, between layoffs and buyouts, according to two sources with direct knowledge of the call.
A spokesperson for the Journal declined to specifically comment on the layoffs abroad.
“In fall of 2016, we announced WSJ 2020, an internal project designed to identify opportunities for growth in our news products, focus our coverage and improve the effectiveness of our operations,” Journal spokesperson Colleen Schwartz said in a statement. “As Gerry Baker detailed in a 10/19 memo to the newsroom, ‘these measures will require difficult decisions with some inevitable restructuring, and they will, regrettably, mean concomitant cost reductions.’ Global coverage is a hallmark of The Wall Street Journal and we remain committed to covering these regions robustly.” Schwartz declined to comment on specific numbers of foreign layoffs.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump wanted to start his presidency with the shock and awe of rapid change. Instead, almost everywhere he looks, he’s stuck in the mud of grinding trench warfare.
Trump’s tumultuous first month has been an extended lesson in the limits of a president’s power—as well as the limits of Trump’s own intellectual and emotional ability to operate within those constraints. Whether he can regroup will depend on whether he can find a more effective response to those limits than the rage, bluster, and disdain he’s exhibited so far.
In his strident appearances on Sunday’s political talk shows, senior White House policy adviser Stephen Miller broadcast the administration’s great expectations of whirlwind advances when he declared, in one interview: “Our opponents, the media, and the whole world will soon see, as we begin to take further actions, that the powers of the president to protect our country are very substantial and will not be questioned.”
But in fact Trump is facing effective questioning from virtually every counterforce, at home and abroad, that can constrain a president. A partial list would include federal courts, the career federal civil service, the “deep state” of the intelligence and law-enforcement communities, spirited investigative-reporting teams, a highly energized public opposition, state and local governments, and other nations. With Republicans determined to bolster Trump, Congress has been conspicuously absent from this list, though the squall of GOP senators demanding broader investigation of the administration’s Russia dealings following the resignation of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn may signal a change.
So far, federal courts have checked Trump most forcefully. That follows the pattern of the past two presidents. Both George W. Bush (mostly on national security and surveillance) and Barack Obama (primarily on domestic issues like immigration) demonstrated that Congress has limited ability to truly stop a president determined to push the boundaries of executive power. But each man saw the courts affirm limits on the president’s authority by blocking key initiatives—as several federal courts, led by the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals, have already done with Trump, by enjoining his executive order temporarily barring immigration from seven Muslim-majority nations.
Many of the key legal fights against Obama were led by Republican state attorneys general, who repeatedly sued him en masse on initiatives from immigration to climate change. That opened a new front in checking a president; states controlled by the opposite party had not systematically sued Bush or Bill Clinton. Now, Democratic attorneys general have quickly adopted the GOP model, with 15 states joining Washington and Minnesota to sue Trump over the immigration ban. More suits from Democratic-controlled states and cities are inevitable, particularly over environmental issues.
Trump has also faced a swarm of damaging leaks from within his administration, the most consequential of which led to Flynn’s resignation after The Washington Post disclosed he had discussed loosening sanctions with Russia’s U.S. ambassador before Trump took office. Perpetual infighting among the distinct orbits of Trump’s skeletal staff partly explains this daily torrent of unauthorized disclosures. More worrying for Trump is how it reflects resistance to his agenda and endemic skepticism about his competence among career government officials, particularly in intelligence, national security, and law enforcement.
Perhaps the most ominous fact in the Post’s scoop was that no less than nine current and former intelligence officials had confirmed Flynn’s communications. That sends the White House two equally chilling signals: that the broader counter-intelligence investigation into the Trump team’s contacts with Russia during the presidential campaign is progressing, and that at least some involved are fearful it will be shut down without public disclosure. Several other reports reinforce that message, from an under-noticed story from CNN that intelligence officials have confirmed some aspects of the “dossier” on Trump and Russia—though not the most salacious or controversial details—to Tuesday night’s even more explosive New York Times and CNN stories on contacts between Trump advisers and Russian officials during the campaign.
Other nations are asserting limits, too. After loudly questioning the One China policy during the transition, Trump last week quietly reaffirmed it in his first phone call with Chinese President Xi Jinping. That inevitable retreat reflected the U.S. need for Chinese cooperation on other fronts, such as imposing any restraints on North Korea, which baited Trump with a missile test last weekend while he was hosting the Japanese prime minister. Meanwhile, European officials say that Trump’s team, facing near-unified international resistance, has privately acknowledged it will uphold the Iranian nuclear deal he publicly disdains.
Amid all these institutional challenges, Trump is also facing a ferociously mobilized domestic opposition marked by the largest protests and highest disapproval ratings confronting any newly elected president. It took nearly 600 days for Obama’s disapproval rating to reach even 50 percent in Gallup polling; Trump hit 55 percent disapproval in 23 days, far faster than any predecessor. That discontent may not affect Trump’s decisions much domestically or on foreign policy, but it has already pressured congressional Democrats to oppose him more systematically than they—or the White House—initially envisioned. Combined with divisions among Republicans, that hardening resistance may, for example, make repealing the Affordable Care Act as much of a quagmire for Trump as passing it was for Obama.
Presidents have many levers to drive the national agenda and Trump has shown he will use them aggressively. If he can confirm his nominee Neil Gorsuch, a Supreme Court with five Republican-appointed justices might prove cooler to legal challenges against him. Trump’s support remains strong among his core voters, which will encourage congressional Republicans to lock arms behind their joint agenda. But in politics weakness feeds on itself, and it’s usually not very long before a president who cannot master events finds himself at their mercy.



ARTICLE
Senate Democrats are calling for Attorney General Sessions to recuse himself from reported inquiries into contacts between former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and the Trump campaign’s contacts with Russia, but legal experts also say that Sessions’ closeness to President Trump raises questions about his ability to be impartial.
“Those prosecutors should not be reporting to the first senator who endorsed Donald Trump’s campaign, who served on the same campaign committee as Michael Flynn, and who nominated Donald Trump at the Republican convention,” Democratic Majority Leader Chuck Schumer said at a press conference Wednesday. “The Justice Department’s own guidelines demand that Attorney General Sessions remove himself from this matter immediately.”
Flynn resigned Monday night following reports that he misled Trump officials about contacts with the Russian ambassador to the United States, Sergey Kislyak, prior to Trump’s inauguration. Those exchanges reportedly included discussion of sanctions imposed by the Obama administration as retaliation for alleged Russian interference in the 2016 election, something that Flynn had repeatedly denied. A joint report from American intelligence agencies concluded that Russia engaged in an organized campaign to throw the election to Trump.
Following Flynn’s resignation, reports said that the FBI was looking into contacts between Russian intelligence and Trump associates during the campaign. There are also lingering questions about whether Flynn acted alone or at the direction of someone in the administration.
Justice Department guidelines state that “no DOJ employee may participate in a criminal investigation or prosecution if he has a personal or political relationship with any person or organization substantially involved in the conduct that is the subject of the investigation or prosecution, or who would be directly affected by the outcome." Several legal experts said that those guidelines and others restricting the conduct of executive branch officials suggested that Sessions should, at the very least, consult ethics officials as to whether recusal is necessary.
“There is a substantial appearance issue,” said John Q. Barrett, who was an associate counsel for the independent counsel looking into the Iran-Contra affair, and is now a professor at St. John’s University School of Law. “I think the wise course would be for the attorney general to step aside from this matter.”
Democrats haven’t said whether they believe an independent counsel is necessary, or whether they would be satisfied with Sessions simply removing himself from decisions involving those inquiries. In 2016,  then-Attorney General Loretta Lynch publicly announced that she would accept the recommendations of career attorneys in the Justice Department in the Hillary Clinton email investigation, following a brief meeting with former President Bill Clinton that Republicans said harmed her ability to be impartial.
Sessions, who was sworn in as attorney general less than a week ago, was among the first of Trump’s high-profile endorsers and advised the campaign. White House strategist Steve Bannon told the Washington Post that Sessions was “the clearinghouse for policy and philosophy” in the Trump administration, describing Sessions as “the fiercest, most dedicated, and most loyal promoter in Congress of Trump’s agenda.”
That influence appears to have gone both ways––in 2014, Sessions was a conservative Russia hawk, saying that Russia should be made to “feel pain” for its actions in Ukraine. By August 2016, he was a dove, telling CNN that "this whole problem with Russia is really disastrous for America, for Russia and for the world," and that "Donald Trump is right. We need to figure out a way to end this cycle of hostility that's putting this country at risk, costing us billions of dollars in defense, and creating hostilities.
“I think an argument can be made there is no reason for the U.S. and Russia to be at this loggerheads," Sessions said. "Somehow, someway, we ought to be able to break that logjam."
In October 2016, Sessions told CNN that he wasn’t sure Russia was responsible for the hack and subsequent release of emails belonging to Democratic Party officials. “I haven't had briefings that indicate with any clarity that Russia is doing this,” Sessions said. In his confirmation hearing in January, Sessions told the Senate Judiciary Committee he had “no reason to doubt” the conclusion of the U.S. intelligence agencies that held Russia responsible.
Sessions, along with Flynn, was part of the Trump campaign’s “national security advisory council.”
“He did act in an official capacity with the campaign,” said Kathleen Clark, a government legal ethics expert and professor at Washington Law. “I believe that Sessions has to recuse himself.”
Bruce Green, director of the Louis Stein Center for Law and Ethics at Fordham University, said that while he didn’t believe Sessions’s campaign role necessarily meant Sessions should recuse himself, his status as a sitting attorney general meant that he should at minimum consult the Justice Department’s ethics attorneys on the matter.
“When the Iran-Contra investigation was taking place, and it implicated people up to President Reagan, no one thought a sitting attorney general could oversee the investigation,” said Green, who was an associate counsel on the Iran-Contra investigation. Sessions “has a relationship as attorney general with the president, he is a subordinate of the president, he has to deal with the president on a daily basis; the regulation refers to having to recuse if you have a political relationship with an elected official who is involved in the conduct that is the subject of the investigation.”
For his part, Sessions told Senate Democrats who asked if he would recuse himself from investigations involving Flynn or Russian hacking that  “I am not aware of a basis to recuse myself from such matters,” and that “if a specific matter arose where I believed my impartiality might reasonably be questioned, I would consult with Department ethics officials regarding the most appropriate way to proceed.”
Asked whether Sessions planned to recuse himself or had consulted ethics officials about doing so, a spokesperson for the Department of Justice said the department had no comment on the matter “for now.”
Democrats, however, are unlikely to let it go. “If this trail leads to the Oval Office,” Schumer said Wednesday, “the person investigating that trail should not be the same person who helped put President Trump there, end of story.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign was a work of virtuoso improvisation: Even though it seemed to be in permanent chaos, with frequent changes of leadership, perpetual gaffes, and a strategy devised on the fly, the Republican managed to defeat the elaborate, best-and-brightest, data-wonk team of Hillary Clinton.
If the early indications hold, it doesn’t look like Trump is going to improvise so much again in 2020. In fact, he’s kicking the campaign off on Saturday, with a rally in Melbourne, Florida:

Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport!
Tickets: https://t.co/9jDy1tYkgE pic.twitter.com/GDhO6GGxwt
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
We’ll do the math for you: That means Trump is hosting his first rally of the 2020 campaign just 29 days into his presidency.
The idea of a “permanent campaign” has been floating around American political circles since 1980, when Sidney Blumenthal used it as the title for a book. It was during the presidency of Bill Clinton, whom Blumenthal advised, that the idea really came into practice. Even by the standards of modern-day presidents, Clinton loved politicking, and his team held on to campaign methods once in the White House, famously calling on polling to help determine its course. Newt Gingrich helped Republicans capture the House in 1994, in part by adopting the same tactics. Each of Clinton’s successors has adopted the permanent-campaign mentality to some degree.
Yet Trump’s choice to hold a campaign rally less than a month into his presidency breaks new ground. Where his predecessors practiced electoral politics between cycles, none was willing to do so as baldly, as quickly, as Trump. Barack Obama realized, like Trump, that he thrived off large audiences, and he made liberal use of the major speech, even early in his term: In February 2009, he made several trips to promote the stimulus package and his agenda. But Obama’s events were political by implication, while outwardly aimed at boosting specific policies.
Trump by contrast is planning a straightforward campaign-style rally on Saturday. It’s at an airport, in a swing state, and it’s being advertised through his campaign website. His press secretary even called it a campaign event. Making the event a campaign event rather than a speech might afford Trump greater flexibility in who he allows to attend and who he excludes. It means that the Trump campaign will likely pick up some of the travel tab, rather than taxpayers. But it might also grant Trump more leeway to make straightforwardly political arguments and attacks that it might be unseemly for a president to make at an official event—though Trump has shown such little regard for those unwritten rules that it’s hard to imagine he could be significantly more strident.
The rally isn’t even the first step the president has taken toward a 2020 campaign. In the days between his election and his inaugural, Trump held a victory lap series of rallies, mimicking the format and even the stump speech (such as it was) that Trump used during the campaign. He also made great show of supposedly selecting, and then asking his lawyer to trademark, a slogan for the 2020 campaign while in the midst of an interview with The Washington Post’s Karen Tumulty. (“Keep America Great,” but then you knew that, right?) Trump even filed papers to run for reelection on Inauguration Day.
Trump runs the risk of appearing presumptuous in beginning his campaign at so early a date. After all, shouldn’t one master the art of governing before one begins to campaign for a second tour? The White House is, by all accounts, in a state of chaos. On Monday, National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was forced to resign after misleading the vice president and the American people about his conversations with the Russian ambassador. On Wednesday, Trump’s nominee for labor secretary withdrew when it became clear he could not be confirmed. Federal courts have brought Trump’s signature immigration executive order to a halt. Isn’t there enough in Washington for Trump to attend to?
That is, most likely, the point. It’s hard for Trump to find many friends. As fiercely as the media objected to Steve Bannon’s accusation that they represented the “opposition party,” the animosity between press and president is undeniable. Republicans in Congress are increasingly frustrated with the White House’s stumbles, and in some cases is calling for investigations into matters, from Kellyanne Conway’s apparent flouting of ethics rules to the Flynn affair to question of lax security at Mar-a-Lago. More importantly, Trump can say he doesn’t believe the polls until he’s blue in the face, but he is obsessively attentive to them, as he frequently reveals, and his approval rating is miserable—and not just inside the Beltway.
Going to Florida for a big campaign-style rally is a chance to put both the president and his supporters back into a more salubrious state of mind. It’s a way for Trump to try to regain his swagger, but it’s also a bid to enliven the base that brought him to the White House. It’s a test to see whether the “Silent Majority” he boasted during the campaign can give him the energy he needs to govern as a successful president. Time and again during the presidential campaign, returning to his crowds helped Trump get on track. This weekend, he’ll try to figure out whether those campaign tactics can work when they’re made permanent.



ARTICLE
Thanks for the appointment, governor: You’re under investigation.
Those weren’t Steven Marshall’s words exactly, but that was the gist of his announcement on Wednesday a few days after Governor Robert Bentley gave him the promotion of a lifetime: He made the local county prosecutor Alabama’s new attorney general, a position that twice in the last 20 years has taken its occupant to the United States Senate.
Marshall promptly returned the favor on Wednesday by revealing what had long been suspected but never confirmed—that Bentley is under criminal investigation by the attorney general’s office.
Marshall’s disclosure came in a most roundabout way; he acknowledged the investigation only so he could recuse himself from leading it. So it goes in Alabama, where the leaders of all three branches of government have become ensnared in scandal in the last few years. Bentley is facing impeachment resolutions from his own party in the state legislature over allegations that his misused taxpayer and campaign funds while carrying on an affair with his top political aide.
The governor’s problems have only escalated in the days since he picked Luther Strange, then the state attorney general, to replace Jeff Sessions in the Senate after Sessions took his place atop the Justice Department. To Bentley’s critics, it looked like he had picked Strange over other equally qualified candidates just to get the man investigating him out of the way. Strange had studiously avoided saying that he was investigating the governor, right up to the moment his plane took off for Washington. But he had alluded to the probe shortly before the November election when he sent a letter to the Alabama House Judiciary Committee asking lawmakers to hold off on impeachment until his office completed “related work” on the governor.
“I'm troubled by the appointment,” Randall Shedd, a Republican in the state House, told the Alabama Media Group. “There may not be a deal cut but it sure seems like it.” Shedd said he and another lawmaker planned to renew their impeachment effort even if meant bypassing the Judiciary Committee.
Marshall had said when he was appointed last week that the topic of an investigation never came up in his discussions with the governor. He pledged that if he found that the office was investigating Bentley, he would recuse himself from it. And on Wednesday, that’s exactly what he did. Confirming the existence of the investigation, Marshall appointed a former district attorney for Montgomery County, Ellen Brooks, to lead it.
Strange is now in the Senate, voting on President Trump’s Cabinet nominees and preparing to run in a special election that Bentley has called for next year. But as a result of Marshall’s disclosure, voters in Alabama now know that Strange accepted his appointment from a governor he was in the process of investigating.



ARTICLE
President Trump condemned a report in The New York Times that claimed his associates had contacted Russian intelligence officials in the year before the presidential election, tweeting that it was “an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton’s losing campaign.” During a joint news conference with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Trump said he “could live” with a one- or two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and asked Israel to “hold back on settlements for a little bit.” Andrew Puzder, who runs the parent company of Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s, withdrew his nomination for secretary of labor. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis told NATO allies they must increase defense spending by the end of the year or the Trump administration will “moderate its commitment” to them. The Senate voted to block a rule that would prevent certain mentally impaired people from purchasing guns.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

‘Sean Spicer Isn’t Finished’: Many have speculated that the White House press secretary won’t last long in his new role. But Spicer is tough and experienced, writes Dylan Byers, and officials close to him are sure he’ll be around for the foreseeable future. (CNN)
Out of the Loop: The Washington Post reports that for nearly two weeks, no one informed Vice President Mike Pence that he had been misled by former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn about his talks with the Russian ambassador. Has Pence been left outside of Trump’s inner circle? (Robert Costa and Ashley Parker)
Take a Deep Breath: Republicans aren’t likely to impeach President Trump unless there is firm evidence he has committed a crime as president, writes John Podhoretz. But impeachment, he adds, “is an incredibly dangerous thing for people to be speculating about openly.” (Commentary)
Conflicting Events: Mikhail Kalugin, a Russian diplomat, is currently at the center of U.S. inquiries into Russian interference in the presidential election. McClatchy DC connected with Kalugin and those who’ve interacted with him to piece together his side of the story.
Going Deeper: The sudden resignation of Michael Flynn highlights a larger problem within the Trump administration, argues Ron Elving. Namely, “the personal rivalries and competing visions at the level just below the president.” (NPR)
 
Shaping the Courts: Donald Trump may have the opportunity to appoint a “greater share of federal court judges than any first-term president in 40 years.” These graphics show how the vacancies compare to those in previous administrations. (Josh Katz, The New York Times)
Dog Days: It’s been a long week—and it’s only Wednesday. Check out these great images from this year’s Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show. (Alan Taylor, The Atlantic)
On Monday, February 20, we’ll celebrate Presidents’ Day. This week, we’d like to know: What U.S. president do you admire most—and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Democrats on Capitol Hill want answers on who knew what, and when, in the wake of former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s resignation and reports that Trump campaign aides communicated with Russian intelligence officials.   
On Wednesday, Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer described “reports of constant contact between the top officials in the Trump campaign and Russian intelligence” as “chilling,” and outlined a series of demands for further investigation, including a request that campaign and transition officials testify in public and under oath in front of Congress.
Following Flynn’s departure from the administration amid controversy over his contacts with Russia, House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi called for the formation of an independent commission to probe Russian involvement in the election, and ties to the administration. “The Trump White House has a lot to answer for,” Pelosi said during a press conference on Wednesday. “Every day we see new evidence of the financial, personal and political grip the Russians have on President Trump.”
The Senate and House Intelligence Committees are already expected to examine potential links between Russia and the Trump campaign as part of ongoing investigations. But Schumer promised on Wednesday that the Senate Intelligence Committee would not be the “only committee that looks into ties between the Trump campaign, transition or administration, and Russia.” A group of congressional Democrats also called on Attorney General Jeff Sessions to appoint an independent Special Counsel to look into potential ties between Trump associates, including Flynn, and the Russian government.
For now, however, Democrats are severely constrained in their ability to investigate Trump, Russia, and Flynn as the party out of power in Congress. To get what they want, they may need to first convince a critical mass of the American public of the legitimacy of their demands. If they manage to win over the public, Democrats will have more leverage as they attempt to pressure  congressional Republicans to push for rigorous investigation.
There are some indications that Republicans may be open to asking Flynn to appear before the Senate Intelligence Committee. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell pointed to the panel’s investigation as a potential venue for further scrutiny of Flynn’s contacts with Russia on Tuesday. “The Intelligence committee is already looking at Russian involvement in our election,” McConnell told reporters on Tuesday, adding that “it’s highly likely they’d want to take a look at this episode as well, they have the broad jurisdiction to do it.” Roy Blunt, a Republican member of the committee, said Tuesday that he believes it’s “likely that General Flynn will be, at some point, asked to come and talk to the committee.”
Republican Senator Lindsey Graham went further on Wednesday after a bombshell report in The New York Times, citing former and current U.S. officials who spoke on condition of anonymity, that claimed: “phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Donald J. Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election.” In a statement, Graham said: “If in fact there are campaign contacts between Trump officials and Russian intelligence officers that would be a very serious event and would justify the Senate forming a Select Committee to look at all things related to Russia.”
At the same time, there are plenty of reasons to doubt that Republicans will pursue a rigorous investigation of potential ties between Trump and Russia, as well as Flynn’s resignation. Neither McConnell nor House GOP Speaker Paul Ryan called for an independent or separate investigation into the circumstances prompting Flynn’s resignation on Tuesday. And Ryan sounded deferential to the the president when he told reporters that he was confident “the administration will explain the circumstances that led to” the resignation. On Tuesday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer insisted that Flynn’s departure was not prompted by any legal issue, but rather suggested that Flynn had lost the president’s trust amid concerns that he had misled the administration.
As Democrats attempt to pressure their Republican colleagues for further investigation, some congressional Democrats are making demands of the Department of Justice as well. On Wednesday, a group of 11 Senate Democrats, including Cory Booker and Dick Durbin, publicized a letter they had sent to the attorney general asking for the appointment of “an independent Special Counsel to investigate collusion with the Russian government by General Flynn and other Trump campaign, transition, and administrative officials.”
During his press conference, Schumer noted that in addition to congressional investigation, “law enforcement must also get to the bottom of everything that may have transpired.” Schumer called on Sessions to recuse himself from any investigation involving the FBI and Department of Justice prosecutors related to potential Russian ties to the president's associates.
The near certainty of Republican resistance is part of the reason why Democrats’ most effective route to achieving greater oversight may be appeals to the public. Schumer acknowledged the importance of public support on Wednesday when questioned by a reporter about how Democrats would realize their ambitions for scrutiny of Trump’s alleged Russia ties. “I think as the public sees what’s going on, they’re going to demand the kind of bipartisan, thorough investigation we are asking for,” he said.
To do that, Democrats will need to make the case for why additional investigation is needed in the strongest possible terms. On Wednesday morning, the Democratic National Committee seemed to be doing just that with the release of a dire statement. “This is already bigger than Watergate,” said DNC senior adviser Zac Petkanas. “The sanctity of our democracy demands an immediate, independent, transparent investigation into the connections between Donald Trump, his staff and the Russian government.”



ARTICLE
The immediate question raised by the latest information published by The New York Times is: What next? Will Congress investigate? Will it subpoena records, including the tax records that may clarify the financial obligations—if any—Donald Trump has to Russia? And since Congress is so dominated by one party, that first question raises a follow-up and more specific question: What will the leaders of the Republican Party in Congress do?
In the first shock of the news about the Trump team’s communications with Russian spies, Republican leaders are expressing revulsion and resolve. They expressed similar emotions after the shock of the “grab them by the pussy” recording. Then they collapsed.
Remember, the Republican rank-and-file remain much more intensely committed to Trump and the presidency than to their leaders in Congress. Fox News and talk radio are busily concocting rationalizations and distractions. Donald Trump will still be president a week from now—and he has many tools by which to retaliate against his perceived opponents in the intelligence services. Unless Congress revolts against him, he could well prevail, destroying the integrity and independence of law enforcement and counter-intelligence in the process.
The warnings of January still hold in February: Nothing will happen automatically. There are no mechanisms, only people. The people in the spotlight right now are the Republican members of Congress.
It’s up to them whether a truly independent investigation occurs.
It’s up to them whether Americans receive an accurate statement of Trump’s financial ties and obligations to Russian entities.
It’s up to them whether the CIA and FBI are protected from the purge that those around Trump are already hinting he may be planning for his own self-preservation.
Will they this time act in the honorable way?
Here’s something to consider. Trump has never shown much enthusiasm for the congressional agenda of reforming Obamacare and reducing taxes. He has developed no plans, and his White House staff is not structured in a way likely to produce such plans anytime soon.
Without presidential leadership—and with the visible and traditional disagreements between House members who mostly hold safe seats, and senators vulnerable to state-wide electorates—it’s  hard to see how anything gets done in the next session. Congressional Republicans are now at risk of wasting this rare chance, risking an all-Republican government accomplishing nothing beside Trump’s self-aggrandizement and corrosion of constitutional government. That will suit Donald Trump fine. It can hardly suit Paul Ryan or Mitch McConnell.
Suppose Mike Pence were president now. Tax-reform legislation would be hitting the floor of the House. A competent White House staff, headed by people with intact reputations for honesty, would be hammering out the compromises necessary to repeal healthcare reform. A functional National Security Council would be generating options for responding to Russia’s cheating on arms-control treaties and aggression in Ukraine. Democrats and liberals would be assailing congressional Republicans on immigration and abortion—not espionage and treason. Instead, their hopes, their interests, their constituencies, and possibly their careers are all at risk, subordinated to the personal imperatives of a president who does not share their principles and does not care about their party.
Each member of Congress went into this line of work with some idea of serving their country. They do not yet know whether clandestine cooperation occurred between the Trump campaign and the Russian government. They do not know whether that clandestine cooperation continues now. Possibly Trump imagines that he is using Putin, rather than being used by him.
But what they do know is that Trump is doing damage to U.S. alliances and the U.S.-led global economic order. They know that he’s staffed his White House with disturbing personalities who do not seem to recognize or accept ordinary ethical norms. They hear from business leaders, foreign heads of government, and their own contacts in the defense and intelligence agencies that they are alarmed and frightened. They see the president of the United States behaving in ways no president should behave. They are partisan creatures, as they have to be in their line of work, but they have enough experience to appreciate that concerns don’t cease being valid just because they are raised by their Democratic colleagues. They must feel that their restraint on the president and the White House is the most important constitutional line of defense against presidential corruption—or worse. If they don’t act decisively now, when will they act? If this isn’t bad enough—what will be?



ARTICLE
When it comes to the Affordable Care Act, Republicans in Congress right now are a bundle of nerves.
As Obamacare’s supporters jam town-hall meetings across the country, GOP lawmakers in competitive states and districts are growing nervous about repealing the law without a replacement in hand. And conservatives in safer seats are getting nervous that their colleagues are losing their resolve.
“Members of Congress are scared. All the time,” Representative Raúl Labrador of Idaho told reporters on Tuesday, by way of explaining why the Republican-led Congress seems no closer to keeping its pledge of repealing Obamacare than it was the day after Donald Trump won the presidency in November.
Sensing that the momentum for full repeal was slipping, conservatives in the House Freedom Caucus and the Republican Study Committee—which together comprise the bulk of GOP lawmakers in the House—this week adopted a position that they would not support legislation that fell short of the bill Republicans passed in 2015 that repeals most, but not all, of the key provisions of the 2010 law. Then-President Barack Obama vetoed the bill, but with Trump in the White House, its path should be clear.
In drawing that line, conservatives wanted to send a message both to House and Senate leaders and to rank-and-file lawmakers who may be going wobbly: Let’s get on with it. “We believe we need to fulfill our promise we made to the American voters, which is we need to repeal the Affordable Care Act,” Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina, chairman of the Freedom Caucus, said in an interview. The easiest move, Meadows said, is simply to vote on the same bill nearly all Republican members supported in the past—whether or not the party has agreed on the law that would replace it. “Allowing a long debate before a repeal vote is taken,” Meadows told me, “just postpones the difficult decisions that we all must make on what a replacement plan needs to look like.”
The problem for conservatives is that what seemed simple in the abstract two years ago is far more complicated now that Republicans are confronted with the consequences repeal could have both on their constituents and on a teetering insurance market that is anxiously waiting to see what Congress will do. Republicans initially wanted to repeal the Affordable Care Act first and then delay its enactment while they wrote a new law. But under pressure from Trump, party leaders are now looking to include as many replacement policies as they can in the first bill while still adhering to Senate budget rules that would allow them to circumvent a Democratic filibuster.
“We need to try to replace as much as we possibly can at the same time,” Senator James Lankford of Oklahoma said in an interview.
Conservatives want a speedy replacement for Obamacare, too, but they’re increasingly concerned that the search for one will bog down the whole process. “These conversations are extraordinarily important and have to be grappled with, but they are slowing down the momentum for repeal,” said Dan Holler, a spokesman for Heritage Action, the conservative group that has taken among the hardest lines against Obamacare over the last several years. Activists on the right have watched as Republicans have missed their early timetables for voting on repeal; at one point, conservative lawmakers had talked about legislation passing both the House and Senate in time for Trump to sign it in his first days in office. Now, House leaders want to vote by early March on repeal legislation, but it’s not clear they’ll meet that deadline. The Senate is even further behind.
“You’re starting to see a lot of anxiety from folks on the Hill, folks on the outside, that repeal could be slipping away,” Holler said. The delay, he argued, had allowed supporters of the law to get organized and flood Republican constituent events in a manner reminiscent of the Tea Party uprising eight years ago. Republicans, he said, had yet to respond in kind. “That’s a problem,” Holler said.
The anxiety of rank-and-file Republicans spilled out in a secretly recorded private strategy session at the party’s annual policy retreat in Philadelphia last month, where members fretted about the potential political fallout of a rapid move to undo the law. Several key Republican members of the Senate aren’t even talking about reviving the 2015 bill, which may no longer have the votes to pass even if Majority Leader Mitch McConnell were to bring it to the floor. Senators Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska voted against the legislation the first time around, and the loss of just one more Republican would defeat it now.
Some lawmakers in both chambers are discussing plans that would maintain the tax increases in Obamacare as a way to fund the eventual GOP replacement. And a few Republican governors are lobbying Congress to maintain the expansion in Medicaid that, they say, has worked to lower the uninsured rate in their states.
Both of those policies, however, are nonstarters for the Freedom Caucus, whose three dozen members have the power to effectively veto legislation in the House if they stick together. “We would vote against it,” Meadows told me, referring to plans that maintained the Obamacare taxes or Medicaid expansion.
Top Republicans have been scrambling this week to keep the repeal push on track. Vice President Mike Pence hit the Capitol to meet with members of the Freedom Caucus and the moderate Tuesday Group, among other coalitions. And House Speaker Paul Ryan addressed concerns of Senate Republicans at their weekly lunch meeting on Tuesday. “The concern really is that there will be some bill that shows up the night before the vote and that everyone has to determine ‘yes’ or ‘no’ on repealing Obamacare,” Lankford said.
GOP leaders have vowed to try not to jam legislation through Congress in the same way they accused Democrats of doing when they passed the Affordable Care Act in 2010. (In reality, the law underwent hours of hearings, several votes, and more than a year of debate.) But the warnings of caution from the Senate are clashing with the dwindling patience of conservatives in the House. “This is black-and-white for many of us, and we’ve got to move with some kind of urgency,” Representative Mark Walker of North Carolina, chairman of the Republican Study Committee, told me. “It’s just time to get this thing moving.”
Lawmakers are also waiting on a long-promised health-care plan from the Trump administration, although they don’t expect it to contain many details. Under newly installed Secretary Tom Price, the Health and Human Services Department announced a series of proposed changes sought by the insurance industry on Wednesday aimed at stabilizing the Obamacare marketplaces while lawmakers work to repeal and replace the law in full. If adopted, the rules would limit special enrollment periods and tighten eligibility requirements for enrollees—moves that the administration hopes will prevent more insurers from leaving the exchanges in 2018.
The question now is when Republicans in Congress will follow through with legislation to eliminate the Affordable Care Act entirely. And it’s one that Republicans are asking not only in the Capitol, but on the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue as well. “We’re working on Obamacare, it’s going to be very soon,” President Trump said on Tuesday afternoon as he signed an unrelated bill at the White House. Then, according to a pool report, the president turned to the man standing behind him, Speaker Ryan, and asked: “Right?”



ARTICLE
To paraphrase presidential candidate Donald Trump, somebody’s doing the leaking. But who, and why, and does it represent a defense of American democratic norms or a death knell for them?
There’s no shortage of theories. Some of the damaging leaks are emerging from the White House, as part of internecine warfare between rival factions. But the more consequential ones, including the revelations that forced the resignation of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn Monday night, have hinged on information from the intelligence community.
Trump has tried to change the focus away from the substance of the leaks and to their provenance. On Tuesday, he tweeted this:

The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 14, 2017
He then followed that up Wednesday morning:

Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017

Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - "The NSA & FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is" Very serious situation for USA
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017

The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
Trump may want to change the subject, and his imprecations about the danger of leaks look a lot like the tears of a crocodile, but that doesn’t mean the questions he raises aren’t important.
The president referred to a column by Eli Lake in Bloomberg View, calling Flynn’s ouster a “political assassination.” Lake rejects the White House spin that Flynn was fired simply because of a breach of trust with Trump. Instead, he blames Democratic politicians and, more importantly, the intelligence community:

Flynn was a fat target for the national security state. He has cultivated a reputation as a reformer and a fierce critic of the intelligence community leaders he once served with when he was the director the Defense Intelligence Agency under President Barack Obama. Flynn was working to reform the intelligence-industrial complex, something that threatened the bureaucratic prerogatives of his rivals.

But there are other theories, some of which overlap. At the Washington Free Beacon, a site that is conservative but has generally been anti-Trump, Adam Kredo reports on what he says is “a secret, months-long campaign by former Obama administration confidantes to handicap President Donald Trump's national security apparatus and preserve the nuclear deal with Iran,” including Ben Rhodes, a former top aide to Barack Obama.
Rhodes rejected the Free Beacon story. “It’s totally absurd and doesn’t make any sense,” he wrote in an email. “I don’t know who the sources are for these stories and I don’t even understand the false conspiracy theory—how would getting rid of Flynn be the thing that saves the Iran Deal? It’s an effort to make the conversation about anything other than the actual story of what happened with Russia.”
Even if there’s no grand conspiracy, there are any number of potential individual culprits. There have also been a stream of stories about frustration, demoralization, and fear within the federal workforce.
Central to the Flynn story is Sally Yates, a career prosecutor who became a high-ranking Justice Department official in the Obama administration. She became acting attorney general after Trump’s inauguration. Yates informed the White House counsel in late January that Flynn was not telling the truth when he claimed he had not discussed sanctions against Russia with that country’s ambassador, and that the Justice Department was concerned that he was vulnerable to blackmail. A few days later, Yates said Justice would not defend Trump’s executive order on immigration, and she was fired. That means Yates loyalists might have an incentive to leak damaging information.
And Trump has waged a months-long campaign against the intelligence community. During the campaign, he repeatedly rejected the consensus assessment that Russia had hacked the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign chair John Podesta in order to interfere with the election, only in January saying he accepted that conclusion. The day after his inauguration, Trump went to the CIA, where he sought to bury the hatchet. “I am so behind you,” Trump said. “There is nobody that feels stronger about the intelligence community and the CIA than Donald Trump.” In his tweets Wednesday, he notably did not mention the CIA, but his feud with the intelligence community is apparently back in action.
As a general rule, it’s probably unwise to pick a fight with spies, a point Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer made in early January. “Let me tell you, you take on the intelligence community, they have six ways from Sunday at getting back at you,” he said. “So even for a practical, supposedly hard-nosed businessman, he’s being really dumb to do this.”
Yet Schumer’s warning, even if realistic, is chilling: Not only does it raise the possibility of unelected, faceless bureaucrats using classified information to retaliate against a duly elected president, but that comes in the wake of the intelligence scandals of the Obama years. Edward Snowden’s revelations showed the vast powers that the NSA had accrued and could use, even on American citizens, with little or no oversight.
Some commentators have dubbed what’s going on the revenge of the American Deep State, in reference to the existence—real, imagined, or a little bit in between—of a bureaucratic shadow government that constrains the legitimate government in places like Turkey. In Turkey, generals devoted to the secularist ideology of national founder Mustafa Kemal Ataturk have repeatedly toppled governments that they worried were threatening that ideology. In January, when a dossier of explosive and unverified claims about Trump was published, Glenn Greenwald, the leftist journalist who helped break the Snowden story, warned that liberals who cheered the dossier were in effect cheering for an intelligence coup. Greenwald specifically labeled these actions the work of a Deep State, writing, “But cheering for the CIA and its shadowy allies to unilaterally subvert the U.S. election and impose its own policy dictates on the elected president is both warped and self-destructive. Empowering the very entities that have produced the most shameful atrocities and systemic deceit over the last six decades is desperation of the worst kind.”
The idea of a “Deep State” constraining Trump was not new. Back in February, when the idea of a President Trump still seemed wildly implausible, Megan McArdle wrote that he wouldn’t be able to do that much damage even if he won, thanks to bureaucrats who could slow-walk or even block his priorities. “This is the reality: Most of what you want to do to Washington won’t get done—and neither will much of what you want to get done outside of it, if you insist on taking Washington on,” she wrote. After the inauguration, some liberals took new heart in that idea.
But the Deep State motif has really gained in popularity over the last few days, as the pace of leaks undermining Trump has accelerated. “The fact the nation’s now-departed senior guardian of national security was unmoored by a scandal linked to a conversation picked up on a wire offers a rare insight into how exactly America’s vaunted Deep State works,” Marc Ambinder writes at Foreign Policy. “It is a story not about rogue intelligence agencies running amok outside the law, but rather about the vast domestic power they have managed to acquire within it.”
It’s not just the leaks. At Slate, Phillip Carter argued that pushback from career officials had helped prevent Trump from instituting a plan to reinstate torture, labeling this the work of a deep state.
Not everyone buys the analogy.
“I wouldn’t call what is going on in the United States a Deep State,” said Omer Taspinar, a professor at the National War College and nonresident fellow at the Brookings Institution who is an expert on both national security and Turkey.
The Turkish Deep State is something different, Taspinar contends—a clandestine network of retired intelligence officials, mafiosi, and others who engage in prosecutable criminal activity. He offered a hypothetical scenario that would echo the sorts of tactics the Turkish Deep State deployed in the war against Kurdish separatists: Imagine if white nationalists with ties to the administration conducted false-flag attacks intended to gin up concerns about Islamist terror and enable Trump’s tough immigration controls.
“It was not the judiciary, the civil society, the media, or the bureaucrats trying to engage in checks and balances against a legitimately elected government,” he said. “What we’re witnessing in the U.S., it’s basically the institutional channels.”
Even leaking, which sometimes does flirt with violating the law, doesn’t deserve to be tarred as the work of a nefarious deep state, Taspinar said.
“Anything that would try to portray what the leakers, or what the government officials try to do as a ‘Deep State’ is an attempt to delegitimize whistleblowers or people who believe that what the government is doing right [now] is against the Constitution,” he said. “Any kind of bureaucratic resistance is too innocuous to be labeled as the activities of the Deep State.”
Perhaps there needs to be a better term for the resistance that bureaucrats offer to presidents they oppose. (After all, some experts contend they also hobbled Obama on some issues.) But one common element, from whistleblowers to bureaucratic leakers to violent Deep State thugs in Turkey, is a commitment to certain norms and practices, and the sense that the only way to defend norms is to violate them on a case-by-case basis.
And as the Turkish example shows, that works—up to a point. The problem is that when a deep state pushes too far, it can undermine itself and end up empowering that which it seeks to prevent. The Turkish military repeatedly toppled governments, starting in 1960. But more recently, its power has waned. Current President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has used allegations of Deep State plotting against the government as a pretext for mass arrests of dissidents, detention of journalists, and further crackdowns on civil society. In July, some elements of the Turkish military attempted a coup, but were too weak to succeed. Even Turkish liberals who disliked Erdogan condemned the coup. The Deep State now seems too weak to work real change, but the threat is strong enough to allow Erdogan to discredit legitimate opposition.
There’s a great gulf between the Turkish situation and the Trump administration—though some analysts have not hesitated to draw parallels between the two men’s styles. Trump’s American opponents, like their Turkish counterparts, face the challenge of fostering leaks and bureaucratic resistance that can hem in the Trump administration and reveal any wrongdoing. If they go too far, however, they risk catastrophe in two directions: They might empower an unaccountable intelligence agency, with dangerous long-term effects; or they might inspire such a backlash from Trump and his allies in Congress that he works to dismantle the bureaucratic system, removing an essential constraint on the president’s power. The question isn’t what the good choice and bad choice are; it’s what the least worst choice is.



ARTICLE
The controversy over former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s communications with the Russian ambassador to the United States has revived interest in an obscure 18th century federal law known as the Logan Act.
On Monday evening, Flynn resigned after reports that he had discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with the Russian official before Trump took office. At the end of December, the Obama administration imposed sanctions following the determination of U.S. intelligence officials that Russia intervened in the 2016 presidential election to undermine then-candidate Hillary Clinton’s chances of winning.  
The New York Times reported on Tuesday that after Obama advisers learned of Flynn’s communications with the Russian ambassador they “grew suspicious that perhaps there had been a secret deal between the incoming team and Moscow, which could violate the rarely enforced, two-century-old Logan Act barring private citizens from negotiating with foreign powers in disputes with the United States.”
The Logan Act is a 1799 law that calls for the fine or imprisonment of private citizens who attempt to intervene without authorization in disputes or controversies between the United States and foreign governments. It has never been used to successfully prosecute any American citizen.
To better understand the history of the law, and what’s at stake, I spoke with Steve Vladeck, a law professor at the University of Texas School of Law. A transcript of our conversation lightly edited for length and clarity appears below.
Clare Foran: Why do we have this law  in the first place?
Steve Vladeck: The law dates back to 1799, and it was enacted at a very different moment in American history. We were much more into punishing partisan political differences as crimes at that moment. This was the same Congress that passed the notorious Alien and Sedition Acts. The Logan Act was basically a response to an effort by a Philadelphia Quaker named George Logan to try to negotiate directly with the French government. This was a big scandal at the time in foreign affairs because Logan—a Democratic-Republican—was trying to thwart the policy of the Federalists, who controlled both houses of Congress and the White House. It was a controversy back at home, and Congress took none too kindly to this effort to circumvent them or President Adams on a question of diplomatic relations.
Foran: So even at the time it was passed it wasn’t applied successfully?
Vladeck: It’s unconstitutional to impose punishment retroactively. So Congress could not punish Doctor Logan for something that he did before they passed the statute that now bears his name. It wasn’t intended to apply to him; it was inspired by him. The idea was that we didn’t want more George Logans in the future.
Foran: Can you explain what you mean when you say that at the time the U.S. was much more interested in punishing partisan political differences?
Vladeck: Well, I think the most important thing to understand about the Logan Act is that it wasn’t until the 20th century that the Supreme Court really breathed life into the First and Fifth Amendments when it comes to prosecuting individuals for their speech or their conduct. At the Founding, there was much more tolerance for the idea that someone could be sent to jail for nasty speech, for libelous speech, for partisan political opposition. The partisan politics of that day were often unbound by what we today think of as obvious constitutional constraints, just because the Supreme Court had not recognized them yet. At that time, Congress thought more capaciously about its power to punish speech, in ways that we would never think a contemporary Congress would act because of the intervening development of our modern First and Fifth Amendment jurisprudence.
Foran: So why has it never been used to prosecute anyone successfully?
Vladeck: I think part of why it has lain dormant for all this time is a combination of disuse and subsequent intervening developments. There weren’t that many examples into the 19th century of other George Logans doing similar things, and by the time private foreign policy became an issue once more in the 20th century, we had a far-more-powerful First Amendment that was very skeptical of content-based restrictions on speech. We had a modern vagueness doctrine that disfavors criminal statutes where it’s not necessarily what clear what exactly they prohibit. The Supreme Court has basically relegated content-based restrictions, or restrictions on what a person can say, to the dustbin of permissible legislation because it equates them with censorship.
Foran: In the intervening time from when it was passed until now, how frequently has the act been dredged up, and has it often been for partisan political purposes?
Vladeck: I think it is not a coincidence that it is usually critics of a particular political party who trot out the Logan Act to criticize activities implicating our foreign policy, whether by members of Congress or transition team officials or individuals who aren’t in the executive branch but have close ties to it. I think the theory is that the Logan Act is an easy principle to grasp. And I think we have a tendency these days to not think a policy objection is sufficiently strong unless we can also explain some way in which it’s also grounded in the law. But I also think it gets brought up because people want to make headlines, and the easy headline is that Mike Flynn may have violated the Logan Act, even though to me there are probably lots of other headlines about the Flynn situation that are probably far more important.
Foran: Such as?
Vladeck: Well, there are a lot of questions that I think are more important. Did Flynn make false statements to the FBI, which would be a crime and one that is enforced on a far more regular basis than the Logan Act, for example. Even if he didn’t, should we have concerns about the fact that he misled senior government officials and they didn’t do anything about it until The Washington Post reported it?
I think that to the extent that the Logan Act is misunderstood, that allows it to consume oxygen that that might better be served on other questions. That includes scrutiny of the policy behind the Logan Act. Whether or not it’s viable today, there are reasons why Congress passed the Logan Act. And even if the law itself is unenforceable today, that doesn’t mean the question of whether and why we should be wary of individuals attempting to intervene in negotiations with foreign governments isn’t worth discussing.
Foran: Do you think there should be a law that is more easily enforceable that could sanction people for attempting to negotiate with foreign governments without authorization?
Vladeck: I think it depends on who the person is, and why they’re doing it. I’m not bothered by the transition team speaking with foreign governments because they’re about to be in charge. I’m not bothered by members of Congress who, in their official capacity, communicate with foreign governments as part of their legislative function.
So part of the issue here is yes, I do think that the actual facts of the Logan case where you have a true private citizen directly interfering with U.S. foreign policy is worth talking about, and might be worth prohibiting.
But the way the law is written it could be so much more broadly sweeping than that, and I think that’s a big part of why it is so problematic. The way it’s written now it’s not clear that it would only apply to the George Logans of the world. It might apply to circumstances like what happened with Mike Flynn, and that gives me pause, because there’s a reason why the modern Supreme Court requires Congress to write criminal statutes much more specifically than the way the Logan Act is written. I think if Congress really cares about the principle behind the Logan Act, and not just scoring political points out of it, then they ought to rewrite the statute.
Foran: So what happens now in terms of Flynn’s resignation and the Logan Act?
Vladeck: The FBI’s job is to consider all the laws on the books, but it’s not the FBI that has prosecutorial discretion, that’s the responsibility of the Justice Department. The FBI’s job is to see if people broke the law, and then it’s the Justice Department’s job to decide if they should be prosecuted for it. But if anything that brings us to the last problem with the Logan Act, which in this case is, who is going to enforce it? Somehow I don’t think that [Attorney General] Jeff Sessions is going to going to be in a big hurry to prosecute Mike Flynn. I don’t think any prosecutor would bring this case for legal reasons, but I think there are also political reasons why it certainly won’t be Jeff Sessions.



ARTICLE
More than 800,000 Americans have signed a petition demanding the release of Donald Trump’s tax returns. Polls show that a majority of the country wants to see the documents.
On April 15, tens of thousands plan to take to the streets in protest of the president’s refusal to release his tax returns to the public. Some worry Trump is hiding financial ties to Russia. Others want to understand all the conflicts of interest that flow from his failure to divest from his business interests. Twenty thousand people say they’re going to a Los Angeles protest. Eleven thousand are signed up to attend in New York City. Folks will protest in Boise, Indianapolis, St. Louis, Raleigh, Pittsburgh, Knoxville, Salt Lake City, and other municipalities throughout the U.S.
And this week, the movement got a new champion and 23 new targets for ire.
The champion is Represenative Bill Pascrell, who sits on the Ways and Means Committee. He found that “a rarely invoked 1924 law could be used to examine President Donald Trump's tax returns for possible conflicts of interest and Constitutional violations,” USA Today reported. “The 1924 law gives congressional committees that set tax policy the power to examine tax returns. It was used in 1974 when Congress looked at President Richard Nixon's returns, and in 2014 when the Ways and Means Committee released confidential tax information as part of its investigation into the Internal Revenue Service's handling of applications for nonprofit status.”
This prompted Democrats on the committee to introduce an amendment Tuesday that would’ve triggered a request for the tax returns to the Treasury Department. “Unless this amendment is adopted, we will never see the president's tax returns while he's in office,” Representative Sander Levin told his Republican colleagues. “Before you stonewall this, I urge you to think twice. You'll only keep the issue alive.”
Last year, after some of Trump’s worrying foreign conflicts were exposed, I argued that Congress cannot fulfill its constitutional duty to check and balance the next president, or provide adequate oversight of the federal agencies he presides over, without a full, accurate understanding of his business holdings and debts. I urged Americans to tell their representatives that they favor an exhaustive inquiry into Trump’s finances to determine exactly where his interests and ours diverge.
The amendment was rejected on a party-line vote by these 23 Republicans (the ones with asterisks next to their names represent relatively competitive districts; the others are thought to be in “safe seats” for the GOP, and only vulnerable in primaries):
The vote could come back to haunt these legislators if the tax returns eventually come to light and reveal something that American voters feel they should’ve known, especially given the weak rationale offered by Republicans in defense of the vote.
“If Congress begins to use its powers to rummage around in the tax returns of the president, what prevents Congress from doing the same to average Americans?” House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady told reporters, according to CNBC. “Privacy and civil liberties are still important rights in this country, and the Ways and Means Committee is not going to start to weaken them.”
This strikes me as wildly unpersuasive. First, the law was reportedly used decades ago in the special case of a corrupt president and no slippery slope seems to have been stepped on. Second, a bright-line question easily presents itself to keep Ways and Means off that slope: “Do we have a Constitutional responsibility to check, balance, and oversee the person whose tax return we are requesting?” That ought to be sufficient to protect “average Americans.” Third, how many “average Americans” would even care if Ways and Means pulled their tax return, which consists of information they’re already forced to give the federal government? Fourth, there are about six dozen steps congressional Republicans could take to end privacy abrogations that are orders of magnitude more intrusive than a remote threat of a future Congress voting to look at one’s tax returns! Take ending the NSA program that collects details on the private communications of almost everyone.
The president of the United States is the most powerful person in the world. For that reason alone, he or she has the least expectation of privacy of any American citizen. Tax returns are documents that every modern president has released to the public. And financial ties and relationships bear directly on Trump’s official duties, particularly due to his failure to fully divest himself from his businesses. Meanwhile, multiple allies of the president have suspicious ties to a foreign government.
Given all that context, it is obscene for members of Congress to eschew a lawful way to examine the president’s tax returns and make sure that he isn’t selling out America.  
They should be judged harshly by voters and history alike.



ARTICLE
Joe Alsop was the dean of Washington’s foreign-policy columnists, a committed Cold Warrior, the doyen of Georgetown society, close confidante to presidents, senators, secretaries of state—and secretly gay. On one fateful, February 1957 Moscow evening, all these identities collided.
On a reporting tour of the Soviet Union, Alsop was lured into a sexually compromising situation at a Moscow hotel room—a “honey trap” in espionage parlance—that could have destroyed his career, his reputation and forced him into spying for America’s Cold War adversary. Fast forward almost exactly 60 years later, when, weeks before Donald Trump swore the oath of office, an unverified dossier emerged alleging Russian intelligence services had done much the same to the then-president-elect on a 2013 visit to Moscow. The gathering of such material—known in Russian as kompromat—or sometimes, the circulation of rumors that it exists, is intended to gain leverage over an individual and influence their behavior. The drastically different ways in which Washington dealt with both incidents illustrates how, while Americans have become far more relaxed about diverse sexualities, they’re now far less tolerant of each other’s political differences.
Alsop, a product of Groton and Harvard and a relative of the Roosevelts, had been writing a nationally syndicated column for 20 years at the time of his Moscow trip (and in collaboration with his younger brother Stewart since 1945). He was a charter member of the “Georgetown set,” the group of D.C. power-brokers including Phil and Katharine Graham, CIA spook Frank Wisner, and diplomat Averell Harriman. Living within blocks of one another in Washington’s toniest neighborhood and embodying the capital city’s Cold War consensus, the set’s fortunes rose with the New Deal and collapsed with the Vietnam War.
But in 1957, America, and thus Alsop, was still riding high in the world. Described by Pravda as “atom-happy brothers,” the Alsops, and Joe in particular, were known as two of the fiercest foreign-policy hawks in Washington. Joe later popularized the “missile gap,” the perceived (and greatly exaggerated, if not entirely fictional) superiority in ballistic missiles maintained by the Soviet Union over the United States, a concept seized upon by John F. Kennedy in his winning 1960 presidential campaign over Richard Nixon. (The 35th president supped terrapin soup at Alsop’s Georgetown table the evening of his Inauguration).
On the night of February 17, after a long interview with Soviet premier Nikita Khrushchev, Alsop attended a dinner at Moscow’s Grand Hotel. There, he met “an athletic blonde, pleasant-faced, pleasant-mannered fellow” as he would later describe him, who gave his name as “Boris Nikolaievich.” The two men slept together, and the next day Alsop was confronted by KGB officers brandishing photos of the encounter. The Russians proceeded to interrogate Alsop for hours in hopes of turning the staunch anti-communist into a Soviet spy. “They thought, ‘If we can nail him, he'll be useful to us and tell us what's going on in Washington,’” former CIA director Richard Helms told The Washington Post decades later. But as Robert W. Merry recounts in his Taking on the World: Joseph and Stewart Alsop—Guardians of the Twentieth Century, Alsop was defiant, sarcastically asking if he could obtain extra copies of the photos for himself.
A man with friends in high places, Alsop contacted his old chum, U.S. Ambassador to the Soviet Union Chip Bohlen, and explained the situation. According to Edwin Yoder, author of Joe Alsop’s Cold War, though he had initially shown courage in the face of Russian threats to blackmail him, Alsop was “crushed and distraught” and contemplated suicide. Bohlen spirited him to Paris, where the CIA debriefed the columnist and made him write a nine-page sexual history that included his Moscow encounter. The file inevitably found its way to the FBI and the hands of its director, J. Edgar Hoover, who promptly informed President Eisenhower of Alsop’s escapades.
Alsop’s entrapment occurred within a frightening context for gay men and women working in the nation’s capital. A “lavender scare,” the Cold War-era persecution of homosexuals, had been launched earlier in the decade Led by Senator Kenneth Wherry of Nebraska, an ally of arch anti-communist Joe McCarthy, it tallied up far more victims than the better-known “red” one. One such casualty of this crusade was Arthur H. Vandenberg Jr., son of the distinguished senator, who was forced to resign a top job in the Eisenhower administration for “health reasons” after Hoover threatened to reveal his homosexuality.
Alsop, facing the threat of ruinous exposure, might have chosen to temper his Cold Warrior rhetoric upon returning to America. He had already been denounced personally by the Soviet Young Communist League, and was a major irritant to the Soviet Embassy in Washington. But if anything, he became even more hawkish, emerging as one of the most outspoken voices calling for greater American military involvement in Vietnam. “Walter Lippmann would read [Alsop’s] columns with a sick feeling and tell friends that if Johnson went to war in Vietnam, at least 50 percent of the responsibility would be Alsop's,” wrote David Halberstam in The Best and the Brightest, his book about the Vietnam War.
Nor was it just foreign enemies Alsop had to fear. Seven years before Joe’s ill-starred Moscow rendezvous, in a column for the Saturday Evening Post, the brothers criticized the “vulgar folly” of McCarthy and his allies “to elevate the subject of homosexuality to the level of a serious political issue,” one that had created a “miasma of fear” across Washington. In a letter to the editor, McCarthy fumed, “I know some your editorial staff and frankly I can’t believe Senator Wherry’s attempt to accomplish the long overdue task of removing perverts from our government would be considered either ‘vulgar’ or “nauseating’ to them. I can understand, of course,” McCarthy added, with little subtlety, “why it would be considered ‘vulgar’ or ‘nauseating’ by Joe Alsop.”
In 1959, an item in National Review reported that “a prominent American journalist is a target of Soviet blackmail for homosexuality. The U.S. authorities know it. His syndicate doesn’t—yet.” Later that year, as Gregg Herken reports in The Georgetown Set: Friends and Rivals in Cold War Washington, Attorney General William Rogers called Hoover to report his amazement that Neil McElroy, the Secretary of Defense, was not aware of “Alsop’s propensities.” The columnist had angered the White House with a column castigating the Eisenhower administration for “accept[ing] inferiority to the Soviets in ballistic missiles” – the so-called “missle gap” – and Rogers, according to Hoover’s memorandum of the conversation, advocated that he and the FBI director “get together what we have on Alsop as he believed very few people knew of this.” Eisenhower’s press secretary, according to a 1995 Washington Post story, bragged to a reporter, “We’re going to lift Alsop’s White House pass. The guy’s a pansy. The FBI knows all about it.”
Though Hoover and Rogers spread the news about Alsop liberally around Washington, it “had no discernable effect on his reporting,” Herken writes. When John F. Kennedy became president two years later, the powerful FBI director notified both him and his brother, Attorney General Robert Kennedy, about their friend’s grave secret. Yet despite the damage a revelation of homosexuality could do to Alsop’s career, an elite Washington consensus gradually cohered—as it did on much else at the time—that Alsop should ultimately be protected. When a KGB defector warned the CIA in 1962 that the Soviets had compromised Alsop, (claiming “there is a sword over his head”), the agency apparently cut this portion from the tape it presented to President Kennedy.    
* * *
Alsop would enjoy a respite from fears that his secret might be revealed until 1970, when, just after writing a column denouncing the Soviet ambassador’s “black lies,” photographs of his Moscow peccadilloes were sent to prominent personalities across Washington. Accompanying the pictures was an unsigned letter meant to make the reader believe that it was Israel which had attempted to blackmail Alsop. Citing a 1957 trip Alsop made to the Middle East (the same year as his inauspicious visit to Moscow), the letter reported that the columnist “Came in contact with Israelis, some of whom showed a very peculiar interest in him. It soon became evident that this interest was directed not so much to Mr. Alsop as such but to certain vices which ordinarily evoke disgust among normal people.” Alongside the photographs of “Boris” and Joe in bed together, the letter alleged that “Mr. Alsop’s cowardice prompted him to agree to work for the Israeli intelligence service.” With this sensitive information in hand, the anonymous author implored, “I am sure you will agree that it is high time measures be taken to protect decent people from this filthy person.”
Packages were sent to both Alsop’s friends and enemies. Prominent among the latter was Art Buchwald, the legendary Washington Post humor columnist and Alsop’s most committed public tormentor. That very year, Buchwald had written a Broadway play, “Sheep on the Runway,” about a columnist named “Joe Mayflower” (described by The New York Times’ Clive Barnes as a “poisonously stupid and arrogant” “master of pretensions” and “mad fool unleashed on the unwitting world”) who invents a war in a faraway Asian land just to write about it. But even Buchwald’s strong personal and ideological aversion to Alsop did not persuade him to out the famous newspaper columnist. “It scared the hell out of me,” Buchwald later said of the suspicious package. “I'm not comfortable with getting photographs of people in compromising positions in the mail.”
It’s a sentiment that might sound quaint to today’s political journalists, many of whom wouldn’t hesitate to publish such information. Buchwald tore up the photos. When word of this latest smear attempt reached Alsop, he told his friend, CIA Director Richard Helms, that he might come out of the closet just to put an end to the whole ordeal. Helms dissuaded him and offered to warn the Russians against any further threats. “Our man told the KGB that unless it stopped attempting to peddle this sordid story, the Agency would respond in kind, and with enough data to compromise several KGB officers,” Helms recounts in his memoir.  
Alsop’s predicament illustrates a paradoxical aspect of Washington’s attitude to homosexuality. Though the federal civil service prohibited homosexual employment until 1975 (and the ban on gays receiving security clearances would be lifted by President Bill Clinton 20 years later), a bipartisan “code” used to exist protecting gay people of a certain status from embarrassing, career-ending revelations. Sumner Welles, a high-ranking State Department official and close friend of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, was an earlier beneficiary of this dispensation. He made a drunken pass at an African-American railway porter in 1940 which forced his resignation three years later, but it was not publicly disclosed until 1956. There has seemed to exist an inverse relationship between Washington elite social discretion—namely, its protection of powerful homosexuals—and public approval of homosexuality. The need to conceal Alsop’s sexuality was predicated upon a fear of popular reaction. If Alsop’s Moscow tryst were exposed, the status he enjoyed as king of the “Georgetown Set” would have ended abruptly. Alsop was safe, as long as his secret remained as such.
Yet as Washington (and the country) grew more accepting of gays, it also became more politically partisan. Today, if a closeted conservative columnist like Alsop were similarly entrapped, with photographs of him in flagrante delicto mailed across the capital, it would only be a matter of which news outlet or Twitter personality broadcast the pictures first. So while America has become more accepting of homosexuality  there’s something to be missed about an unofficial pact that, while applicable only to powerful individuals like Joe Alsop, nonetheless bound the establishment together in the face of a hostile foreign power’s homophobic blackmail. Fortunately for Alsop, what Henry James famously called “the city of conversation” kept quiet.
And the capital remained quiet about Joe Alsop’s secret until after his death from cancer in 1989. Though, in his later years, Alsop gradually came out to a small circle of friends, he never publicly broached the Moscow incident. Not until 1992 did the story finally find its way into print in Molehunt, a book about the CIA, which mentioned it in passing. David Satter, a protégé of Alsop’s in the 1970’s who went onto become a Moscow correspondent in his own right and author of several books on Russia, recalls that, “Years later, people asked me if there was a homoerotic element in the relationship, but during those years when I was 19 to 28 years old, I was totally unaware of any. In fact,” Satter said, “I assumed that Joe was homophobic because he frequently ridiculed gays in private conversation. It was only later that I understood that that was his way of concealing his orientation and warning people off any attempt to hint at it.” (Satter, incidentally, wrote what was perhaps the most perceptive analysis of Trump’s supposed Kremlin-lain Moscow honey trap, arguing that allegations of sexual depravity are most likely an FSB “provocation” meant to divert “attention from the real goal of Russian activities, which was to undermine American institutions.”)
In 1985, Satter penned a piece for the Wall Street Journal about Soviet manipulation of foreign correspondents posted to Moscow. Journalists who reported critically on the Soviet Union, Satter claimed, made themselves vulnerable to KGB “provocations,” unsubtle attempts to discredit them with rumor and false innuendo.  “He may not be confident that in the face of an accusation by the Soviet government of ‘hooliganism,’ ‘espionage’ or ‘homosexuality,’ his newspaper would be ready to believe him and not the Soviets,” Satter observed. “Being honest means taking a risk.”
When Satter published his piece in the Journal, he had not been in regular correspondence with Alsop for years. But the article elicited a letter from the long-retired columnist and mentor, who, having found himself decades earlier in just such a situation as Satter described, decided to stand by his political convictions, his country, and his journalistic integrity, and risk exposure at the hands of the KGB rather than be turned. “I remember reading it at the time and being convinced that I had said something that affected Joe very deeply,” Satter recalls. “I wasn't sure what it was. Now I know.”



ARTICLE
Nothing Donald Trump has done since becoming President is particularly surprising. The attacks on judges and the press, the clash of civilizations worldview, the ignorance of public policy, the blurring of government service and private gain, the endless lying, the incompetence, the chaos—all were vividly foreshadowed during the campaign. The Republican-led  Congress’ refusal to challenge Trump was foreseeable too. The number of Republicans willing to oppose Trump’s agenda pretty much equals the number who refused to endorse him once he became the GOP nominee.
Less predictable has been the response of other elements of the American political system: The bureaucracy, the press, the judiciary and the public. Here, the news is good. So far, they’re not only pushing back, they’re having some success.
The latest example is the resignation of National Security Advisor Michael Flynn. Flynn’s resignation is a welcome development both because he held crudely bigoted views of Muslims and because he was unable to competently manage the foreign policy process. But that’s not why he lost his job. He lost his job because of an independent bureaucracy and a vigorous press.
CNN’s Brian Stelter has reconstructed the chain of events. On January 12, a “senior U.S. government official” told Washington Post columnist David Ignatius that, “Flynn phoned Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak several times on Dec. 29, the day the Obama administration announced the expulsion of 35 Russian officials as well as other measures in retaliation for the [Russian] hacking” of the presidential election. Three days later, CBS’ John Dickerson asked Vice President Mike Pence about the call, and Pence insisted that Flynn had not discussed “anything having to do with the United States’ decision to expel diplomats or impose censure against Russia.”
But the Washington Post followed up, citing “nine current and former officials” who claimed that Flynn had discussed exactly that. The New York Times reported that there was a transcript of the call. Eventually, it became impossible to deny that Flynn had lied, and caused Pence to lie. If the Trump administration had been able to deny reality, as it so often does, Flynn would likely still have his job. But good reporters, aided by government sources, made that impossible. As the Columbia Journalism Review notes, “it wasn’t the lying that got him [Flynn] fired; it’s that his lying leaked to the press”
That’s been happening a lot. “Leaks,” notes CJR, “are coming out of the White House at a seemingly record pace,” and “some of these leaks have halted a Trump appointment and controversial policies in their tracks.” According to The New York Times, leaks led Defense Secretary James Mattis to shelve plans to have US sailors board an Iranian ship in an attempt to stop Tehran from arming the Houthi rebels in Yemen—an act that could have led to war.
Another leak to the Times forced the Trump administration to abandon an executive order re-opening the CIA “black sites” that the Bush administration used to torture suspected terrorists. And according to the Times, it was a leak that alerted Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to a draft executive order repealing protections for LGBT federal employees, which they then quashed. Trump and his top advisors are so alarmed by the leaks that, according to Politico, they’re searching the phones and computers of NSC staff.
But no president faced with a dissatisfied bureaucracy and a vigorous press has been able to keep the internal workings of government secret. And Trump is facing the most energized American press corps in decades. America’s prestige newspapers have seen dramatic increases in circulation over the last year. The Post alone recently announced that it was hiring sixty new journalists.  Trump, in Jack Shafer’s words, “is making journalism great again,” and great journalism is, to some degree, restraining his power.
The other forces restraining his power are the judiciary and the progressive public. During the campaign, some observers suggested that Trump might cow the courts. In a New York Times op-ed last June, University of Chicago law professor Eric Posner warned that Trump would benefit from the judiciary’s “longstanding practice of deferring to the president in matters of foreign affairs and domestic regulation.” And even if the courts “declare an entry bar on Muslims unconstitutional,” Posner worried, “it’s hard to predict how Mr. Trump would respond.” So far, Posner’s fears have not come true. Trump has tried to implement a limited Muslim ban. But he’s been rebuffed by a series of federal judges, some of them appointed by Republicans. And neither Trump nor his staff have responded by refusing to abide by the courts’ rulings. To the contrary, they’re reportedly recasting the travel ban in hopes that it will pass judicial muster.
To be sure, Trump has fulminated on Twitter against the judges who rebuffed him. But his tirades have earned him a reprimand––if a brief, vague one––from his own Supreme Court nominee.
Finally, the progressive public, which remained relatively sedentary during the campaign, is mobilizing in remarkable ways. Donations to progressive causes and Democrats have grown exponentially. Liberals are mobbing congressional town halls. And as Matthew Yglesias has noted in Vox, the protests are having some effect. The Trump administration has reversed itself and allowed advertising for enrollment in the Affordable Care Act to continue. Even before the courts stepped in, public outrage forced the White House to allow exemptions to its travel ban for green card holders, dual citizens and Iraqis who worked for the US military. Congressional Republicans have shelved bids to weaken the Congressional Ethics Office and sell-off public lands.
Obviously, Trump’s presidency is young. He can still do enormous damage. The liberals protesting him may tire. Independent-minded bureaucrats may grow demoralized or leave the government. Trump may appoint more competent aides, who find ways of implementing his agenda without triggering judicial review. A terrorist attack could massively boost his power.
But, so far, the institutions designed to restrain him are not only holding firm, they’re growing stronger. Imagine what they could do if America had an independent legislative branch too.     



ARTICLE
If the leaks that doomed Michael Flynn were a signal from the intelligence community, perhaps the message they intended to carry was: You ain’t seen nothing yet.
The national security adviser’s abrupt resignation Monday night, which the White House says was a firing, came after it became clear that Flynn had misled the public and to Vice President Mike Pence, alleging he had not discussed sanctions against Russia’s ambassador to the United States. On Tuesday evening, The New York Times added a set of new, if in some cases merely suggestive, information about further contacts between the Trump team and the Russian government—some of it directly contradicting statements made by Trump aides.
The newspaper reports that four current and former intelligence officers say that Trump political and business associates “had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election.” The contacts came in the context of Trump repeatedly praising Russian President Vladimir Putin on the trail, as well as what intelligence officials and the Obama administration say were Russian efforts to boost Trump’s presidential hopes with hacks targeting Hillary Clinton and her political allies.
The report directly contradicts statements made by Trump aides. In early November, just after the election, the Russian deputy foreign minster said the government had been in touch with the Trump team. Campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks, who is now at the White House, said then, “We are not aware of any campaign representatives that were in touch with any foreign entities before yesterday, when Mr. Trump spoke with many world leaders.”
In January, Vice President Mike Pence—whom Flynn also misled about his discussions with Kislyak, leading Pence to give misinformation in a CBS News interview—was adamant there had been no communication.
On Tuesday, during a perplexing press briefing at the White House, Press Secretary Sean Spicer once again said he did not believe that any Trump team members had been in touch with the Russian government before the election. “There’s nothing that would conclude me… that anything different has changed with respect to that time period,” Spicer said.
The Times says the NSA began intercepting conversations because they involved Russian intelligence operatives. Intelligence officials were curious to see if Trump’s associates were colluding at all in the hacks, which targeted the Democratic National Committee. They didn’t find any evidence they were. But they have looked closely at Flynn; Roger Stone, a flamboyant political operative who left the Trump campaign early on but continued to advise Trump; Carter Page, who left the campaign amid scrutiny of his relations in Russia; and Paul Manafort, who was Trump’s campaign manager for a time, and previously did business in Russia, at one advising a Kremlin client who was president of Ukraine.
Manafort denied any knowing contacts, but his response to the Times acknowledged that he may very well have been in touch with Kremlin agents.
“I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers, and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today,” Manafort said, but added, “It’s not like these people wear badges that say, ‘I’m a Russian intelligence officer.’”
The Times also reports that the FBI continues to investigate a controversial dossier of allegations about Trump, prepared as opposition research by a former British intelligence official, revealed in a CNN report in January, and then published by BuzzFeed. The report’s author, Christopher Steele, seems to be held in high esteem by some intelligence figures, and FBI officials have made contact with some of his sources—but they have not, as yet, managed to confirm the dossier’s more salacious allegations.
The new report breaks serious new ground, but it also leaves a great amount unknown, and many questions unanswered. It’s unclear how closely the conversations reached to Trump, or what their substance was. Furthermore, intelligence agencies often investigate leads but find they lead nowhere, or find nothing prosecutable—a lesson highlighted by the inquiry into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server. Then again, the American public may not have to wait long to learn more. If the leaks continue at this pace, despite provoking Trump’s fury, the picture should grow clearer over the coming days.



ARTICLE
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said the “eroding level of trust” between the president and his national security adviser, Michael Flynn, drove Trump to ask for Flynn’s resignation—an account that differs from those of White House reporters. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said it’s highly likely that the Senate Intelligence Committee will investigate Flynn’s talks with the Russian ambassador. Officials said F.B.I. agents interviewed Flynn shortly after Trump took office. The Office of Government Ethics issued a letter urging the White House to investigate Kellyanne Conway, a top adviser to Trump, and “consider taking disciplinary action against her” for endorsing Ivanka Trump’s label. And Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight Committee, asked White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus to provide more information on “widespread reports that sensitive information may have been shared or discussed in a common area at Mar-a-Lago” by Trump over the weekend.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.

A New Normal: The Washington Post reports that White House aides, concerned about a potential staff shake-up, are trying “to avoid appearing ‘weak’ or ‘low­ energy.’” (Ashley Parker and Philip Rucker)
‘The Political Assassination of Michael Flynn’: The White House claims that Trump asked for his national-security adviser’s resignation because he misled the administration. But, writes Bloomberg’s Eli Lake, “a better explanation here is that Flynn was just thrown under the bus.”
Facing Reality: Sarah Kliff spoke with “people who struck out on their own—left a job, started a business, went back to school”—after the passage of the Affordable Care Act. Now, that career freedom is threatened as the law faces an uncertain future under the Trump administration. (Vox)
On the Downlow: While the Trump administration’s daily activities take up the national spotlight, Congress has been getting to work. Not on big-ticket campaign promises, but “a hand-picked collection of discrete measures” aimed at dismantling Obama-era regulations. (Lisa Mascaro, The Los Angeles Times)
The Dog Who Caught the Car?: For years, Obamacare repeal has been “a winning Republican message—an indictment of its polarizing namesake, of big-spending Democrats and of the boogeyman of creeping socialism all rolled into one.” But how will Republicans do it—and will Trump support them? (Robert Draper, The New York Times Magazine)
 
In Spicer’s House: The White House press secretary has “upended some of the longstanding traditions” of the daily press briefings. Take a look at these graphics to learn how the process has changed. (Larry Buchanan and Karen Yourish, The New York Times)
On Monday, February 20, we’ll celebrate Presidents’ Day. This week, we’d like to know: What U.S. president do you admire most—and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)



ARTICLE
Breitbart News has a target in its crosshairs following the departure of former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn from the White House in a cascade of scandal over his contacts with the Russian government: White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus.
Targeting Priebus, who leads the faction of Trump aides that is composed of experienced establishment political hands, is really just a stand-in for a larger conflict about the future of Trumpism in the White House. Breitbart News is treating Flynn’s ouster as the first salvo in a war against those in the administration they deem insufficiently loyal to Trump. Backing up Breitbart are legions of other Trump loyalists in the right-wing media sphere. And their angry reaction to Flynn’s exit signals the unpopularity of the move with a vocal segment of Trump’s base.
Trump loyalists — meaning the true believers who supported Trump from the start, not Republican politicos who became attached later on — have been privately musing about getting rid of Priebus. Now, that musing is going public. “I think this is Pearl Harbor for the true Trump supporters, the Trump loyalists,” said Roger Stone, a former Trump campaign adviser and longtime Republican operative who still has a relationship with Trump. “I believe Reince Priebus moved on General Flynn and I think he intends to move on Steve Bannon and Stephen Miller next. He is not serving the president well. The people he hired are loyal to the Republican National Committee, not the President of the United States.”
At Breitbart, the right-wing outlet that until recently was run by White House chief strategist Steve Bannon and has served as a loyal defender of Trumpism, the narrative was set early with a piece by editor-at-large Joel Pollak questioning the role of U.S. intelligence agencies in the leaks that brought down Flynn. Pollak and other Trump defenders are arguing that the real story is the fact of the leaks themselves, and not what was leaked.
“The fourth and most worrying explanation is that the government was not merely monitoring the communications of Russian diplomats, but of the Trump transition team itself,” Pollak wrote. “The fact that the contents of Flynn’s phone conversation—highly sensitive intelligence—were leaked to the media suggests that someone with access to that information also has a political axe to grind.”
(Pollak’s argument mirror’s Trump’s own message, delivered in a tweet on Tuesday morning: “The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?”)
Tuesday morning, Breitbart’s Washington Political Editor Matt Boyle—an ardent Trump supporter and known ally of Bannon—came out with a splashy scoop: “As Flynn Resigns, Priebus Future In Doubt As Trump Allies Circulate List of Alternate Chief of Staff Candidates. “
Boyle’s story cites “sources close to the president” and “multiple sources close to President Trump with internal knowledge of White House operations” blaming Priebus for not moving cabinet confirmations along quickly enough and for the “botched rollout” of Trump’s controversial executive order banning people from seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States. The order and subsequent fallout threw into stark relief the contrast between the Bannon-esque and more traditional wings of the White House; the staffer who bore most of the blame publicly was Stephen Miller, the White House senior policy adviser who played a key role in the travel ban and who has close relationships with Breitbart reporters dating back to the effort to scuttle the Senate Gang of 8 immigration reform bill in 2013.
The story accuses Priebus of knowing about anti-Trump “sleeper cells” hidden throughout the government.
“White House and other government sources say there are as many as 50 of them throughout government, and Priebus has full knowledge of their whereabouts, who they are, and what potential for damage they may cause,” Boyle reported.  “He is not doing anything about it, these sources add.”
Purging “sleeper cells” of non-political government employees would be illegal, according to Richard Painter, former chief White House ethics lawyer for George W. Bush, and former Obama White House ethics czar Norm Eisen.
It’s “not legal to fire them if they have civil service jobs,” Painter said in an email. “Plenty of Bush people got those jobs in the Obama administration and they were very helpful. This ‘sleeper cell’ rhetoric is highly offensive in treating people of the other political party like terrorists.”
“You are not permitted to fire government employees willy nilly just because Breitbart accuses them of being sleeper cell members,” Eisen said in an email. “If some are civil servants, they are entitled to the full protection of civil service law.”
The story raised immediate speculation that either Bannon or Miller had planted it.
“Can you imagine Boyle running this against Bannon's wishes? No chance,” said one prominent Washington Republican with knowledge of the White House, who spoke on condition of anonymity for professional reasons. “He was the editor of Breitbart about fifteen minutes ago. This is just so brazen. How's he going to sit through meetings from Reince?”
Boyle did not respond to a request for comment.
But whether Bannon was actually involved is unclear. A source close to Bannon who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly pushed back on this idea, arguing that there is no reason to believe Bannon wants Priebus pushed out right now; Priebus’s knowledge of Washington and of Capitol Hill remains useful to enacting Bannon’s agenda. And The New York Times reported that it was actually Bannon who asked Flynn to resign over the weekend.
A senior White House official called the Breitbart story “false in every single possible respect” and dismissed the idea that Miller or Bannon had been behind it.
Another White House official speaking on condition of anonymity also said the Breitbart story was “completely false” and that “whoever placed it has no knowledge of the inner workings of the administration.”
“I can also tell you that Bannon and Miller are very unhappy with the story and consider it an attack on a close friend,” the official said.
And Bannon himself called the story “absurd” in an email.
Bannon and Priebus have made a show of closeness recently, even giving a joint interview to New York magazine last week in which they professed to fall asleep on the phone with each other and joked about giving each other back rubs.
But the effort hasn’t tamped down anti-Priebus ardor in what BuzzFeed News’s Charlie Warzel has dubbed the “New Media Upside Down”: the constellation of pro-Trump fringe (or not so fringe) right-wing media personalities and organizations that have grown increasingly powerful. Flynn’s affinity for Russia and trafficking in conspiracy theories have endeared him to many in this group.
Flynn’s son, Michael Flynn Jr., reactivated his Twitter account the morning after Flynn’s firing. He had deleted it after calling the travel ban a “Muslim ban” last month. Flynn Jr., who was ejected from the transition team for his role in spreading misinformation like the “Pizzagate” conspiracy theory, has spent the day amplifying alt-right and alt-right-adjacent Twitter accounts, including Infowars editor-at-large Paul Joseph Watson, who wrote that “The resignation of General Flynn is part of an ongoing effort by the military-industrial complex to sabotage President Trump and re-assert control over foreign policy.”
Wikileaks has also weighed in, the sometime pro-leak organization tweeting “Trump's National Security Advisor Michael Flynn resigns after destabilization campaign by US spies, Democrats, press.”
“The base was not happy when [Priebus] was appointed chief of staff,” said Mike Cernovich, a “new right” blogger and Twitter personality.“We knew he'd work hard to sabotage Trump's agenda.”
Asked if the incident has made him lose confidence in Trump, Cernovich said “Not going to give a drama kill quote like that” but “My loyalty has always been towards my fellow Americans and the broader movement––not Trump personally. He is the face of the movement but is help up by it as well. I do not work for him or the GOP and will criticize his decisions when appropriate.”






ARTICLE
The U.S. Office of Government Ethics recommended Monday that the White House investigate Kellyanne Conway, a top Trump adviser, for possible disciplinary action after she publicly endorsed Ivanka Trump’s products in a national television interview last week.
“Under the present circumstances, there is strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct and that disciplinary action is warranted,” OGE Director Walter Shaub wrote in a letter to White House Deputy Counsel Stefan Passantino on Monday. Democratic members of the House Oversight Committee released the letter to the public on Tuesday.
The specter of possible ethics sanctions against one of the most visible figures in the Trump White House comes as the administration grapples with the fallout from Monday’s firing of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, whose brief tenure was dogged by reports he misled Vice President Mike Pence and other White House officials about his conversations with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak before the inauguration.
Conway’s controversy began two weeks ago when Nordstrom announced it would drop Ivanka Trump’s brand from its department stores on February 2, citing flagging sales. Other retailers followed suit shortly thereafter. Six days later, President Trump fired back by claiming his daughter had been “treated so unfairly” by the company.

My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017
The following day, Conway appeared on Fox News’s Fox and Friends morning show from the White House press briefing room and defended the president’s remarks. She also claimed the executives who had dropped Ivanka’s merchandise were trying to target the president through his daughter’s brand. Then she offered a ringing endorsement.
“Go buy Ivanka’s stuff is what I would tell you,” she then added, “I hate shopping and I’m going to go get some for myself today.” After one of the hosts asked about grassroots efforts at a boycott, Conway went even further. “It’s a wonderful [clothing] line, I own some of it, I fully—I’m going to give a free commercial here: go buy it today, everybody. You can find it online,” she said.
“Those facts, if true, would establish a clear violation of the prohibition against misuse of position” under the standards of conduct for executive branch employees, Shaub wrote. He also pointed out that his office’s regulation on misuse of position uses a hypothetical example in which a presidential appointee appears in a television commercial to promote a product. “Ms. Conway’s actions track that example almost exactly,” he noted.
Conway’s comments, delivered from inside the White House, prompted immediate criticism from ethics experts and former White House officials, some of whom warned Conway’s remarks appeared to violate federal ethics laws and regulations. At a press briefing a few hours later, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Conway had been “counseled” without offering further explanation. In his letter, Shaub noted that his office hadn’t received notification from the White House of any disciplinary actions taken against Conway, despite Spicer’s statement. He asked the White House to respond by February 28.
Fortunately for Conway, the watchdog agency’s bark is worse than its bite. The Office of Government Ethics lacks the power to investigate or discipline Conway on its own, but it can issue non-binding recommendations for executive agencies. OGE can also notify the president if those agencies fail to impose disciplinary procedures of their own, an option that implies the threat of direct White House intervention for inaction.
“However, such notice would be ineffective in this case because any decision not to take disciplinary action will have been made by the President,” Shaub noted in a separate letter to Republican and Democratic leaders on the House Oversight Committee.



ARTICLE
Updated at 6:11 p.m. ET
Wash, rinse, repeat: The cover-up is always worse than the crime.
As much change as President Trump has tried to bring to Washington in his eventful first weeks as president, he hasn’t yet altered the enduring truth in that Watergate-era cliché. Michael Flynn discovered it anew on Monday night when he submitted his resignation as national security adviser. It wasn’t that Flynn discussed sensitive matters of policy with the Russian ambassador before he took office that led to his ouster, press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters over and over again on Tuesday: It was the fact that he lied about it to Vice President Mike Pence and other senior members of the Trump administration that caused the president to sack him.
That cover-up may cost Flynn way more than his job if the FBI determines that he lied to its investigators in the same way he misled Pence about his discussions with the Russian ambassador during the presidential transition. The New York Times reported on Tuesday afternoon that the FBI interviewed Flynn in the days after Trump became president last month and that he was “not entirely forthcoming.” The bureau had been investigating whether his post-election phone call with Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak violated the Logan Act, a 1799 prohibition on private citizens corresponding with foreign governments “in relation to any disputes or controversies with the United States.” But if history is a guide, Flynn’s conversation with FBI agents at the White House could cause him more legal trouble than his phone call with Kislyak in November.
No American has ever been successfully prosecuted for violating the Logan Act in the 217 years since Congress enacted it. But plenty of high-ranking government officials have gone to jail or suffered other legal penalties for perjury and obstruction of justice. Just ask John Poindexter, the Reagan-era national security adviser who was found guilty of lying to Congress before his conviction was thrown out on appeal. Or Lewis “Scooter” Libby, the former top aide to Vice President Dick Cheney who was convicted of perjury, obstruction of justice, and making false statements after he lied to the FBI agents investigating the Valerie Plame affair. Or William Jefferson Clinton, who broke no law by having an affair with Monica Lewinsky but who was impeached by the House of Representatives for lying about it. The list goes on and on.
Flynn has now acknowledged “having inadvertently briefed the vice president-elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador.” That would not be a crime. But Spicer used a stronger term at his briefing on Tuesday, telling reporters that Flynn had “misled” Pence and other members of the administration, including himself, about his call with the Russian ambassador. The White House concluded that Flynn had not violated the law by speaking with Kislyak but that his dissembling, or misremembering, of the law had led to “an erosion of trust” between him and the president. (Meanwhile, a report Tuesday evening from NBC News alleges the White House withheld concerns about Flynn from the vice president for 15 days.)
Indeed, Spicer went to great lengths on Tuesday to argue that it was Flynn’s cover-up, and not his conversation with Kislyak, that bothered Trump. He said it was entirely appropriate for Flynn to discuss policy, even the possibility of lifting sanctions against Russia, as part of his efforts to prepare for the new administration and to assume the critical post of national security adviser. Left unanswered, however, was a question posed by Spicer’s account: If Flynn’s discussion with the Russian ambassador was completely appropriate, why did he feel the need to lie about it?
The Flynn case is another politically charged investigation on the desk of FBI Director James Comey, who infuriated Democrats first by calling Hillary Clinton’s handling of her private email server “extremely careless” and then by sending a letter to Congress days before the presidential election announcing that the bureau was reviewing more emails in connection with its investigation. Trump made a point of asking Comey to stay on as director, and he’s said nothing about the Flynn investigation. Perjury remains a difficult charge to prove in court because prosecutors must demonstrate that a person knowingly intended to deceive, and Flynn has already suggested his accounts to Pence and others were the result of a faulty memory.
The FBI declined to comment on Tuesday afternoon. But it apparently knows what Flynn said to Kislyak, having access to transcripts and recordings of the call. An equally important question now is: What did Flynn say to the FBI, and does the FBI—and Comey in particular—think he lied?



ARTICLE
The White House is taking a mulligan on its selection of a national security adviser, replacing Michael Flynn just 24 days into his tenure. It’s seeking a do-over on its messaging of Flynn’s departure, too.
During a briefing Tuesday afternoon, Press Secretary Sean Spicer tried to corral a narrative fast getting out of control. Spicer’s message had a few fundamental points: First, the White House had determined that Flynn broke no laws in his discussions with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Second, Flynn was fired because Trump had lost faith in his honesty, not for having violated any law. “It was a matter of trust,” Spicer repeated, over and over. Third, he said Trump learned about Flynn’s untruths in January. Fourth, Flynn was not directed by Trump or anyone else at the White House to discuss sanctions with Kislyak. Fifth, Trump made the decision to fire Flynn.
But Spicer’s narrative is dubious, riddled with contradictions with what’s already known and with previous administration statements.
Take the claim that Trump pulled the trigger on firing Flynn. It stands to reason that the White House would want to make the president look firm, decisive, and in command. But that undercuts reporting from The New York Times and Politico, both of which said that Trump adviser Steve Bannon had pushed Flynn to resign, and from The Washington Post, which said Trump was willing to let Flynn linger to see if the scandal would blow over. As soon as Spicer made the claim, reporters who’d been up late on Monday covering the story cried foul, noting that senior administration officials had told them last night that Flynn made the decision on his own.
Spicer’s timeline also presents some difficulties. Flynn said in mid-January that he not discussed sanctions with Kislyak. On January 15, Vice President Mike Pence went on CBS and repeated that. According to Spicer, White House Counsel Don McGahn heard from then-Acting Attorney General Sally Yates on January 26 about evidence that Flynn had discussed sanctions with Kislyak, despite his denials. McGahn then brought the matter to Trump, who asked whether Flynn had broken the law. McGahn reported back that he did not think Flynn had broken the law.
According to Spicer, Trump then gradually lost trust in Flynn, over the period between January 26 and February 13, in what Spicer called “an evolving and eroding process.” He couldn’t say whether Flynn had intended to mislead Pence and others.
“I don’t know that it was intentional,” Spicer said. “He may have just forgotten [that he discussed the sanctions]. At some point that trust eroded to the point that the president did not feel comfortable and asked for an received his resignation.” He added that when Trump “thought it was time for a decision, he immediately made it.”
But the question is why Trump thought that Monday night was the time for a decision. After all, some three weeks passed between Yates’s call to McGahn and the actual firing. Spicer criticized the Justice Department for informing the White House of its suspicions about Flynn sooner, but it’s hard to square that criticism with the lengthy dithering the White House went through. If Trump had known about the calls 10 days earlier, moving his decision up by 10 days, that still would have been two weeks into his presidency.
Spicer wouldn’t say what made Trump change his mind about his national security adviser, who was a close ally during the campaign and spoke at the Republican National Convention, or why it took so long. Spicer said, somewhat cryptically, that the change was based on “this and a series of issues,” without elaborating.
Yet that, too, presents some contradictions with what was publicly known. If what Spicer says is true, Flynn continued lying about his conversations with Kislyak, telling The Washington Post as late as Wednesday that he had not discussed the sanctions with the Russian. If the White House knew that was untrue, why did it allow Flynn to reiterate it? Finally, on Thursday, Flynn admitted to the Post that he might have discussed the sanctions, though he could not recall for sure. On Friday, while flying to Mar-a-Lago, Trump was asked by a reporter about The Washington Post report including Flynn’s admission. The president answered as though he had no idea what was being asked. Spicer defended that by saying that Trump simply had not read the Post article, but Trump’s response is strange if he’d known for weeks that Flynn had misled.
Spicer’s story of Trump gradually losing trust in Flynn is at also at odds with a statement from Trump spokeswoman Kellyanne Conway Monday afternoon that Trump had “full confidence” in Flynn. Spicer and Conway’s accounts can’t both be true, though whether that’s a product of chaos or spin is unclear.
Perhaps the most troubling element of Spicer’s account is that if taken at face value, it makes it appear that Trump was for a time relatively untroubled by the fact that Flynn had misled both the vice president of the United States and, through him, the American people. For three weeks, he allowed Flynn to remain in his post as his top security aide. It was only when it became public that Flynn had misled Pence and the people that Trump moved and decided Flynn had to go. The worrisome implication is that Trump was OK with Flynn’s dissembling until anyone knew about it, which calls into question the White House’s honesty on other accounts. As Sean Spicer might put it, it’s a matter of trust.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump is falling behind, and he knows it. His Cabinet, while growing, still has too many empty seats. For a developer accustomed to hiring and firing employees at will, the laborious Senate confirmation process—hearings! debates! cloture votes!—must feel like the longest round of contract negotiations ever.
Last week, he tweeted his frustration, blaming Democrats for the holdup:

It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017
There could be a bit of Trumpian hyperbole in there—it’s not clear that he actually checked to see if the delay is the longest in history. But at the time of his tweet, the president was correct in that he had fewer Cabinet members confirmed than every first-term president since Ronald Reagan. He had even fewer than Barack Obama, who had to find new candidates for Cabinet seats on the fly after his first choices dropped out.
That said, Trump is wrong to solely blame it on the Democrats. They’re the proximate cause of the delay, but not the whole reason for it.
Here’s where Trump’s Cabinet stands as of today, compared with the last five administrations. (This chart will update automatically update with the latest confirmations.)

It’s hard to beat Reagan; the Senate confirmed most of his Cabinet within two days of his inauguration, records show. Bill Clinton also had a relatively easy time, clearing most of his picks within a week with the support of a Democratic Senate. The exception was Janet Reno, the first woman to serve as attorney general; she was confirmed almost two months later, after two other candidates dropped out amid “nanny issue[s].”
Trump’s progress tracks more closely to that of George H. W. Bush and Obama, both of whom saw protracted opposition to their nominees and multiple dropouts. Here’s how quickly each administration filled its Cabinet after Inauguration Day:
The elder Bush had to contend with a Democratic Senate eager to rein in a Republican president after eight years of Reagan. His biggest headache was the nomination of John Tower for defense secretary, which the Senate eventually voted down along party lines, a rather rare outcome. (Tower’s replacement? Dick Cheney, the future vice president.)
Obama also struggled to round out his team, even though he had the backing of a Democratic majority in the Senate. The core of his Cabinet was in place within a week, many with near-unanimous support—including Hillary Clinton as secretary of state. But he ran into trouble with his nominee for secretary of labor, then-Representative Hilda Solis; Republicans stonewalled her over her past support for pro-union legislation, before eventually acquiescing.
Obama also struck out twice with his commerce nominees, dropping New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson amid a federal investigation into political contributions and losing Republican Senator Judd Gregg over “irresolvable conflicts.” Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius was the last Cabinet member to be confirmed, almost 100 days after Obama took the oath of office.
Trump, however, is in a different league. So far, all of his nominees who’ve gone up for a Senate vote have been OK’d by the body—though Betsy DeVos, who needed Vice President Mike Pence’s tie-breaking vote to take her seat as secretary of education, came closest to failing. But after more than two weeks, still less than half his Cabinet is in place. In every day of his administration so far, his boardroom has had the lowest occupancy rate of any presidency in the past three decades.
He blames Democratic opposition, which has certainly been stiff. Only a handful of Democrats have supported a majority of his nominees, and several voted against nearly all of them. Democratic leaders have also fought against quick votes, requiring the full 30 hours of debate for most of Trump’s picks and slowing consideration to a relative crawl.
In response, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell released a statement on Tuesday, decrying Democratic delay: “We’ve seen unprecedented obstruction from our colleagues across the aisle. … It’s made the confirmation of this president’s nominees the slowest in modern history.”
But Trump’s haphazard transition also deserves a large share of the blame. Most presidents-elect announce their Cabinet picks within a week or two of Election Day, and only after careful vetting; it’s an open secret every election year that they’ve worked on their selections for months. Trump instead sprinkled his announcements over a period of two months, rushing some and delaying others, publicly summoning candidates to Trump Tower for meetings and staging handshakes outside his Bedminster, New Jersey, country club.
This showmanship hid a lack of preparation, as my colleague Russell Berman has reported. A charitable explanation would suggest he was building suspense and enthusiasm for his nominees. The more likely reason is that he was caught flat-footed by his victory and further set back by the controversial demotion of Chris Christie, who for a time was his chief transition aide. After Christie, Trump floundered; many of his nominees hadn’t filed the necessary ethics paperwork right up through Inauguration Day, leading to delays in their confirmation hearings. And earlier this week, The New York Times reported the Trump administration skimped on giving candidates the so-called “sex, drugs, and rock ’n’ roll” quiz, a battery of personal and financial questions meant to head off embarrassing revelations during public confirmation hearings.
It’s hard to only blame Democrats when the administration’s paperwork wasn’t filed on time. Trump, of course, will blame them anyway. The practical effect of this logjam is that agencies will go leaderless longer than is necessary, or even advisable.
But it signals something else, too. Trump has shown he can move quickly when he can act unilaterally—witness the steady march of executive orders signed in the Oval Office. Getting a Cabinet confirmed by the Senate, however, requires something beyond bold action; it requires cooperation and compromise. Those are things the former businessman hasn’t yet demonstrated he has embraced in the White House, at least publicly.



ARTICLE
Updated on Tuesday, February 14, at 4:45 p.m.
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser Monday night,  after reports that he had spoken with Russia’s ambassador to the U.S. about sanctions against Russia before Donald Trump was sworn in as president, and misled Vice President Mike Pence about what had been discussed.
In the wake of the announcement, House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell appeared hesitant to criticize the administration, and declined to endorse or call for any kind of separate independent investigation into the circumstances that led to Flynn’s resignation.
Senior U.S. officials believe that Flynn’s conduct was improper and may have been illegal, according to The Washington Post. The Post has further reported that the acting attorney general warned the administration last month that Flynn might be “vulnerable to Russian blackmail.” In January, the Senate and House Intelligence Committees announced their intention to probe potential links between the Trump campaign and Russia, but a key question is whether congressional Republicans will launch any kind of substantial new investigation into the circumstances that led to Flynn’s resignation.
The Republican-controlled Congress may not conduct extensive additional oversight, despite lingering questions about the extent of Flynn’s contacts with the Russian government, why his resignation arrived weeks after the Trump White House was warned about Flynn’s misleading interaction with Pence, and whether Flynn was acting at Trump’s direction during his conversation with Russia’s ambassador. Republicans are divided on the matter, with GOP Senators indicating a greater willingness to look into Flynn’s resignation than their colleagues in the House.
House Speaker Paul Ryan declined to call for any new investigation during a press conference on Tuesday. “I’m not going to prejudge the circumstances surrounding this, I think the administration will explain the circumstances that led to this,” Ryan said when asked if he would support an independent investigation into Russian ties, noting that “The Intelligence Committee has been looking into this thing all along, by the way, just involvement with respect to Russia.”
Ryan’s comments reflect a deferential approach toward the administration that some high-profile members of the GOP-led Congress are taking, suggesting a reluctance to engage in aggressive oversight of the Trump administration. “I’ll leave it up to the administration to describe the circumstances surrounding what brought to this point,” Ryan said Tuesday.
The logic offered up by the House GOP leader suggests the Trump administration can be trusted to credibly explain what led to Flynn’s departure, despite the fact that the administration has an established track record of relaying false and misleading statements. (Trump aide Kellyanne Conway’s invocation of a made-up terrorist attack, and White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer’s inaccurate claims about inauguration crowd size are two examples.)
Ryan’s justification also fails to grapple with the problem that part of the scandal surrounding the resignation is that senior aides to Trump apparently provided inaccurate information to the public about Flynn’s Russian contacts. Last month, Pence told CBS that Flynn “did not discuss anything having to do with the United States’ decision to expel diplomats or impose censure against Russia,” while a senior transition official told The Post that “during his call, sanctions were not discussed whatsoever.”
In his resignation letter, Flynn acknowledged that he had “inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information” about his communications with the Russian ambassador. He blamed the “fast pace of events” for the lapse.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell similarly declined to call for a separate independent inquiry into Flynn’s resignation during a press conference on Tuesday. He did, however, suggest the Senate Intelligence Committee may probe the circumstances leading to the resignation as part of its ongoing investigation into Russia and the election. “The Intelligence Committee is already looking at Russian involvement … it’s highly likely they’d want to take a look at this episode as well, they have the broad jurisdiction to do it.”
Roy Blunt, a Republican member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, said during the briefing that he believes it is “likely” that Flynn will be asked to testify before the panel.
On Tuesday, House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz reportedly indicated on that he would not pursue further investigation into Flynn’s resignation. Devin Nunes, the chairman of the House intelligence committee, suggested that he would rather focus on why intelligence was collected on Flynn’s contacts with Russia and subsequently leaked, than on what Trump may or may not have known.
“I expect for the FBI to tell me what is going on, and they better have a good answer,” he said, according to The Post. CNN’s Manu Raju reported on Tuesday that Nunes said his committee would not “look into discussions between Trump and Flynn, citing executive privilege.”
Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr offered only a muted response in a statement. “Mike Flynn served his country with distinction. The President needs a National Security Advisor whom he can trust and I defer to him to decide who best fills that role.”
Senator Rand Paul even went so far as to suggest that it would be excessive for Republicans to closely scrutinize the actions of a member of their own party. “I just don’t think it’s useful to be doing investigation after investigation, particularly of your own party,” the Kentucky senator said in an interview, according to CNN’s KFILE. “We’ll never even get started with doing the things we need to do, like repealing Obamacare, if we’re spending our whole time having Republicans investigate Republicans. I think it makes no sense.”
Other Republican Senators however, said Flynn’s resignation deserved a closer look.
CNN reported that Senator John Cornyn “told reporters Tuesday that the Senate standing committees with oversight of intelligence need to investigate Flynn.” Meanwhile, Senator John McCain reportedly called the resignation “a troubling indication of the dysfunction of the current national security apparatus.” Republican Senator Lindsey Graham said during an interview with CNN that he wants to know: “did General Flynn do this by himself or was he directed by somebody to do it?”
Democrats will likely be unified in calling for further inquries. During a press conference on Tuesday, Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee emphasized the need for a “thorough investigation of any contacts between the Trump campaign and any Russian officials during the course of the campaign.”
Specifically referring to what transpired with Flynn, Schiff criticized Ryan’s remarks earlier in the day, saying that he was “very disappointed to see the Speaker today unwilling to commit to investigate these communications between Flynn and the Russian ambassador.” He added that, if Ryan “is not willing to commit to this, he ought to allow the formation of an independent commission, and get out of the way.”
Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said in a statement that “the American people deserve to know at whose direction Gen. Flynn was acting when he made these calls, and why the White House waited until these reports were public to take action.”  



ARTICLE
An abrupt resignation, like Michael Flynn’s announcement Monday night that he would leave his post as national security adviser, is a beginning masquerading as a conclusion. His departure resolves one straightforward question—Can Flynn survive, having admittedly misled the vice president and the American people?—but raises a host of more important, and more complex, questions. In most cases, it’s far too early to guess what the answers might be, but here’s a rundown of some of the most pressing mysteries Tuesday.
Who replaces Flynn?
On a mechanical level, the question of who becomes the president’s top aide on security now is an important, urgent one. Not only has Flynn resigned, but his deputy, K.T. McFarland, is expected to leave the White House too, The New York Times reported. (McFarland, whose main credential was her frequent media commentary, would have been a surprising pick to be elevated.) Retired Lieutenant General Keith Kellogg, who had been serving as chief of staff of the National Security Council, has been named as Flynn’s interim replacement, and is reportedly a candidate for the permanent job. Other candidates include David Petraeus, the retired general and former CIA director, who interviewed for other positions in the administration, and retired Vice Admiral Robert Harward, who was Defense Secretary James Mattis’s deputy when Mattis led U.S. Central Command. Petraeus would be an interesting pick, since he is a veteran of the Obama administration but was forced to step down and later convicted for sharing classified information with his mistress-biographer.
What did the White House know, who knew it, and when did they know it?
It’s clear that Flynn was not forthcoming with Vice President Mike Pence, as he acknowledged in his resignation letter: “Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador.” The question is how long that was clear. The Washington Post broke the story that Flynn had discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador to the U.S. prior to inauguration, contrary to his statements. But the Post now reports that then-Acting Attorney General Sally Yates informed the White House counsel, Don McGahn, in January that Flynn was not telling the whole truth about his phone calls, warning that he was vulnerable to Russian blackmail. She also discussed it with FBI Director James Comey, who was initially resistant to informing the White House but later came around, the Post says. (Yates, an Obama appointee, was later fired for announcing the Justice Department would not carry out Trump’s executive order on immigration.)
McGahn has not commented on the report, but if it’s true, that means a high-ranking White House staffer was aware of Flynn’s duplicity long before the public learned of it, late last week. Who, then, did McGahn inform? Did Chief of Staff Reince Priebus know? How about presidential aides Steve Bannon, Jared Kushner, and Kellyanne Conway? Did Trump know? (When asked on Friday, Trump claimed to be unaware of the Post report in which Flynn admitted he may have misled Pence.) Did Pence? If not, why did McGahn not see fit to inform them? If so, what actions did the others take? As late as Monday afternoon, top Trump aides were saying that Flynn had Trump’s full confidence, and hours later, he was out.
Why was Flynn finally pushed, and who goes next?
Much analysis of the White House has adopted the lens of two competing teams—an establishment squad, centered around Priebus, and an insurgent platoon, led by Bannon. Flynn was close to Bannon, but Politico and the Times report that Bannon wanted to fire Flynn as early as Friday, and eventually asked for his resignation. (Bannon’s old outlet, Breitbart, however, blames “establishment forces” for Flynn’s ouster.) The president, meanwhile, was happy to wait and see if Flynn could survive, reports Phil Rucker of The Washington Post. One interesting takeaway is that it was the Bannon team that pushed out one of its own when he became a liability. It’s also somewhat surprising that even when it became clear that Flynn has misled Pence, and allowed him to mislead the American people, he had a chance to survive—a sign of Trump’s reluctance to fire aides, and a curious statement about Pence’s position in the scheme of things.
It’s highly unusual for a high-level official to leave an administration so quickly, within just three weeks. (Sometimes appointees are forced to withdraw before taking their jobs, but effectively never is one installed and then pushed out as rapidly as Flynn.) Last week, I suggested that the Trump administration had begun to look a little like a reality-TV show—Survivor: West Wing. If so, Flynn was the first to fall, but of course there’s always the next round of elimination. So who will be the next to leave the chaotic White House, and will be part of the post-Flynn shakeup, or for different reasons?
Is the FBI still investigating the Trump administration’s ties to Russia?
Once it became clear that Flynn had discussed sanctions with Russian officials, there was speculation that he might have violated the Logan Act, which bars unauthorized citizens from negotiating U.S. policy. But the prospect of a Logan Act prosecution was always highly remote—the bigger story is about the nature of Trump administration contacts with the Russians more generally, and whether Russia interfered with the presidential election to help Trump and hurt Hillary Clinton.
It’s known that the FBI has been investigating these ties: CNN reported in January that the bureau was looking into Flynn’s calls. The Post reports that this was part of a broader investigation. So, is that investigation still ongoing? What else is it considering, and when might the contents become public? And why was Director Comey, who was so quick to publicize developments in the FBI investigation of Hillary Clinton’s private email server, reportedly so reluctant to confront the White House about Flynn’s dissembling? The Army is also, according to the Times, investigating whether Flynn received money from the Russian government for a 2015 trip, which could break the law.
How will the rest of the Republican Party respond?
Between the FBI and Army investigations, it’s clear that there are important unanswered questions about Flynn’s dealings. Yet the Trump administration’s line, somewhat implausibly, is that the “real story” is not the president’s top security aide misleading the vice president and the American people, but instead the leaks that have fed the story—the news about Yates’s call to McGahn, the fact that the FBI was investigating Flynn’s calls, the sources who said Flynn was lying. Breitbart has also taken this line.
How will other members of the president’s party react, though? So far, many of them seem unwilling to get anywhere near the story. Representative Jason Chaffetz, who leads the House Oversight Committee, suggested Tuesday that with Flynn’s resignation, the story was coming to an end. On Monday, Representative Devin Nunes, who leads the House Intelligence Committee, staunchly defended Flynn and said there was no need for him to resign. On Tuesday, Nunes said that his committee would not investigate Trump and Flynn’s conversation, citing executive privilege, but said he wanted the FBI to explain the leak of transcripts of Flynn’s calls. On the Senate side, where GOP members have been more eager to investigate Russian interference in the election, Senator Roy Blunt called for a committee to examine Trump’s ties with Russia “exhaustively” and to question Flynn. It might not be wrong that the intelligence community was out to get Flynn, argues Eli Lake, who points to Flynn’s rocky relationship with spies over time. But whether Republicans in Congress are more interested in Flynn’s dubious dealings with Russia or with the question of leaks that pushed him out will say a lot about their priorities, and whether they are willing to stand up to the White House.



ARTICLE
Stop talking about the Logan Act.
It was not the violation of this antique and ignored piece of anti-Jacobin legislation that has touched off the biggest foreign-policy scandal since Watergate.
Nobody would care if an incoming national security adviser had confidential conversations with an ambassador of a hostile foreign government before Inauguration Day, if it were believed that the conversations served a legitimate and disinterested public purpose.
But that is exactly what is doubted in this case.
To put the story in simplest terms:
1) Russian spies hacked Democratic Party communications in order to help elect Donald Trump.
2) Donald Trump welcomed the help, used it, publicly solicited more of it—and was then elected president of the United States.
3) President Obama sanctioned Russia for its pro-Trump espionage.
4) While Russia considered its response, its ambassador spoke with the national security adviser-designate about the sanctions
5) The adviser, Flynn, reportedly asked Russia not to overreact, signaling that the new administration would review the sanctions; Russia did not respond.
6) As president-elect and then president, Donald Trump has indicated that he seeks to lift precisely those sanctions caused by Russia’s espionage work on his behalf.
All of this takes place against the background of Donald Trump’s seeming determination to align U.S. foreign policy ever closer to Russia’s: endorsing the annexation of Crimea, supporting Russia’s war aims in Syria, casting doubt on the U.S. guarantee to NATO allies, cheering on the breakup of the European Union.
It takes place, too, in the context of Trump’s murky corporate financial obligations to Russian entities. "Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets,” Donald Trump Jr. told an investor conference in 2008. “We see a lot of money pouring in from Russia.” Exactly how much money is unknown to anyone outside the Trump Organization, because of the president’s repeated refusal to embrace financial transparency. But the pattern of Trump wealth-seeking in Russia has been widely reported, including the multimillion-dollar windfall profit gained from the sale of a Palm Beach mansion to a Russian oligarch at a particularly tense time in the Trump family finances—the same period when he was lending his name to such shabby operations as Trump University and Trump Steaks.
Michael Flynn spoke at the 10th anniversary dinner of Russia’s global propaganda network, RT, in December 2015—after the Russian annexation of Crimea, invasion of mainland Ukraine, and the shooting down of a Malaysian civilian airliner by Russian-backed militias.
Flynn is the third Trump associate to resign because of the revelation of close connections to the Russian state: Paul Manafort and Carter Page preceded him. Will more follow?
The question here is not about the Logan Act: “Did Flynn conduct U.S. foreign policy in a too hasty way, without waiting for his formal swearing in?”
The question is whether a senior American official was compromised by his relationship with a foreign government. And, even more troublingly: Are there others? And even more urgently: How high up the chain of command does Russia’s influence go?



ARTICLE
There are two theories of the future of President Trump’s foreign policy and the National Security Council. In one, the good ship NSC, like a Nantucket whaler of old, has had a hard shakedown cruise, but is coming to. A couple of misfits have been tossed overboard, and the captain has given up trying to run the ship. He periodically shows up on deck to shake his fist at the moon and order a summary flogging, but for the most part he stays in his cabin emitting strange barks while competent mates and petty officers sail the NSC. It’s not pretty—the ship rolls and lurches alarmingly—but it gets where it needs to go.
This could happen. Trump, overwhelmed by a leadership task far beyond his experience and personality, will focus his efforts on infrastructure projects and the like, and quietly concede the direction of foreign policy to his sober secretaries of state and defense, with a retired general or admiral to reassemble something like an orderly White House process. He is erratic but not stupid: he knows he is in over his head, hates the bad publicity his first few weeks bought him, and has family members nudging him in this direction.
Unfortunately, another possibility is more likely: The ship is in serious trouble. The first reason is that the system cannot function with an absent commander in chief. Since World War II, the United States has evolved a system for making foreign policy that depends on an effective White House operation in the form of the National Security Council staff. (The NSC itself consists of Cabinet secretaries and the like, not aides and bureaucrats.) The elaborate hierarchy of interagency committees that evolved actually works rather well most of the time, but it depends critically on the ability of a competent staff working directly for the president to orchestrate it.
At the apex is the national security adviser, who bears the quadruple burden of directly staffing the president (with memoranda, talking points, briefings and the like); supervising the elaborate plumbing of interagency coordination; monitoring the implementation of foreign policy; and serving as the president’s chief conceptualizer. It is an awesome, nearly impossible task—and it cannot be delegated. And it only works if the national-security adviser enjoys a rapport with a president who at some level understands the need for disciplined process and teamwork across agencies. A couple of Cabinet secretaries, even with the collaboration of a docile if lower-profile national security adviser, cannot substitute for a president who is ready to listen, weigh, and decide, and do so constantly. Working around the president practically guarantees that the rigging will go slack.
The second problem has to do with this president specifically. His management model is competition among key staffers: It is how he has done business his entire life, and he is unlikely to change in his 70s. He has allowed the creation of at least three foreign-policy centers in the White House: The paralyzed NSC staff; a shadow operation run by Steve Bannon; a powerful family counselor in the person of Jared Kushner; and perhaps another in the offices of Vice President Pence and Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, despairing representatives of the Republican establishment.
Trump seems to like this arrangement, which is not only confusing but built for serious conflict. Bannon’s views on foreign policy seem to diverge sharply from the establishment norm: scorn for multilateral institutions and arrangements, an apocalyptic view of Islam, a strong preference for inward looking nationalism as a creed over world leadership and norm-setting, a desire to smash and upset rather than steward and preserve. They will run headlong into the far more conventional views of the secretaries of state and defense, and the kinds of people they would like to bring into government.
The Kushner phenomenon is different. It is not clear that he has any views, although one may suppose a kind of non-ideological pragmatism to be expected of this 36-year-old businessman. But if he becomes foreign governments’ chief conduit into the administration, it undermines the bureaucracies and—because one may doubt that he is surrounded by State Department notetakers—opens the way for more miscommunication and failed coordination. There is a good reason for those pesky protocols and routines, and for the discipline of good order. Maybe a Nixon and a Kissinger could run foreign policy cutting everyone else out, but Trump is no Nixon, and there is no Kissinger in the offing.
Then there is Trump himself. He is not a tabula rasa. There is a reason why he has not merely kept Steve Bannon around, but given him a seat at the Principals Committee, composed of everyone immediately below the president. He shares many of Bannon’s views, though perhaps without the fervor and the conviction born of an autodidact’s eclectic but assiduous reading of European authoritarian writers of an earlier age. And yet, Trump will not wish to go full Bannon, either because he wants to look good rather than blow things up, or because, shallow and uninformed as he is, he can be swayed by more pragmatic advisers like Pence, Kushner, and Priebus.
The optimistic theory could prove true, if Trump appoints a forceful national security adviser and diminishes Bannon’s and Kushner’s roles. It is more likely, however, that the White House will be the scene of knife fights below decks and shouted orders and counterorders on the quarterdeck. And at the end of the day, Trump, like Captain Ahab, will probably remain topside, pursuing whatever Moby Dick his imagination has just conjured up.  That story did not end particularly well for all aboard.



ARTICLE
Prominent figures on the right can insist on the importance of decency in American life, or they can enthusiastically support the current president as a national leader. But they cannot do both of those things while retaining any credibility.
Last year, I wrote at length about the blatant ways that public moralist Dennis Prager compromised his longstanding beliefs with his endorsement of Donald Trump. This is a public intellectual who published a column in 2011 titled “F-Word Laced Speech Disqualifies Donald Trump From Presidency”; declared that “any human being with a functioning conscience or a decent heart loathes torture;” insisted that while adultery is a forgivable offense, “adultery would greatly matter to me is if it were engaged in indiscreetly”; and declared of those who tarnish the name of an innocent person, “the rape of a name can be as vicious a crime and as destructive an act as the rape of a body. Sometimes the rape of a body is worse, sometimes the rape of a name is worse. But they are both rapes.” You can see why many were surprised at his endorsement of a profane, torture-supporting adulterer who bragged about his indiscretions in the mass media, insisted that Barack Obama was a secret foreigner, and “raped” the father of Ted Cruz.
If endorsing Trump had marked the end of Prager’s sanctimony that would be one thing. Instead, while appearing Monday on The Adam Carolla Show, a pioneering podcast, Prager declared, at this of all moments: “The right is more decent than the left.” I’ve never been a leftist, but that claim is ludicrous in 2017. Prager’s generalization was prompted by a news item: Several New England Patriots players will skip a celebratory visit to the White House in protest of  the president—a protest that the public moralist treated as more indecent than Trump.
Gina Grad, who reads the news on the podcast, next mentioned a Fox News story about a music festival facing pressure to drop Toby Keith because he performed at Trump’s inauguration. Happily, Ribfest organizers in Naperville, Illinois, are standing by the musician. “That's the way they act,” Prager said of the protesters, whose behavior he ascribed to the left. “If you are on the right you should be destroyed. Not your ideas. You.” (Keith will not “be destroyed” if Ribfest disinvites him, nor are the protesters likely to take any additional action against him either way.)
On a lot of talk-radio shows, Prager’s remarks would’ve gone unchallenged. But The Adam Carolla Show, while right-leaning and populist in its frequently politically incorrect analysis—and friendly with Prager, who has many good qualities to go with his bad ones—is neither partisan nor inclined to overlook contradictions when regulars notice them. All understand that neither ideological tribe has a monopoly on indecency. Thus Bryan Bishop, who does sound effects and acts as an on-air sidekick, chimed in, “Wait a second, wasn't there just a story in the news literally last week—Dennis, you would know this because you do a daily show on this stuff. Didn't Trump just say, when there was someone causing problems, ‘Do you want me to ruin that guy's career?’ I remember that quote very clearly.”
Prager said he was unfamiliar with the story.
“I don't follow his tweets as much as the news media,” Prager explained. “I follow what Trump does much more than what he says. And people get blinded by his words. The press fixates on his tweets. I fixate on his cabinet, I fixate on his foreign policy, because what a president does is a little bit more important than what he tweets.” (Prager in 2011: “There is no place in the Republican Party for profane public speech. You cannot stand for small government without standing for big people.”)
In fact, Trump made the threat in an official meeting, as Prager learned when the show found the clip:

Prager ultimately clung to the suggestion that Trump was probably just joking in his remarks.  But one hardly needs to lean on this example to know that Trump is a frequently cruel man who tries to ruin people in ways that go far beyond getting them disinvited from music festivals, to use the example Prager cited as an example.

“Revenge is sweet and not fattening.” - Alfred Hitchcock
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 15, 2014
In “Donald Trump’s Cruel Streak,” I recounted the story of the late Freddy Trump, the president’s older brother, who died an alcoholic in 1983. After college, Freddy had tried to join the family business. Later, he became an airplane pilot, showing talent in the profession. When his heavy drinking posed a safety risk, he quit, and wound up living in an apartment owned by his father and working on one of his crews, even as his kid brother began to make a name for himself. Here is the conclusion to the family story, as reported in the New York Times:

In 1977, Donald asked Freddy to be the best man at his first wedding, to the Czech model Ivana Winklmayr, an honor Donald said he hoped would be “a good thing for him.” But the drinking continued, and four years later, Freddy was dead.

Over the next decades, Donald put the Trump name on skyscrapers, casinos and planes.

In 1999, the family patriarch died, and 650 people, including many real estate executives and politicians, crowded his funeral at Marble Collegiate Church on Fifth Avenue. But the drama was hardly put to rest. Freddy’s son, Fred III, spoke at the funeral, and that night, his wife went into labor with their son, who developed seizures that led to cerebral palsy. The Trump family promised that it would take care of the medical bills.

Then came the unveiling of Fred Sr.’s will, which Donald had helped draft. It divided the bulk of the inheritance, at least $20 million, among his children and their descendants, “other than my son Fred C. Trump Jr.” Freddy’s children sued, claiming that an earlier version of the will had entitled them to their father’s share of the estate, but that Donald and his siblings had used “undue influence” over their grandfather, who had dementia, to cut them out. A week later, Mr. Trump retaliated by withdrawing the medical benefits critical to his nephew’s infant child.

“I was angry because they sued,” he explained during last week’s interview.

Trump took revenge on Rosie O’Donnell by waiting until her engagement was announced, then sending this message out to millions of strangers to sabotage her day:

I feel sorry for Rosie 's new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being with @Rosie--a true loser.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 14, 2011

Prager can choose to support a man who treats people that way.
He can support a man who gave Howard Stern permission to call his daughter “a piece of ass,” who needlessly called the wife of a Republican campaign rival ugly, and who disparaged his ex-wife and the mother of his children in New York City tabloids.
But as long as Prager belongs to the coalition that propelled a flagrantly immoral person to the most elevated position on the political right, despite all of that and much more, he ought to be laughed out of any room where he tries to pronounce upon the political right’s superior “decency”; or criticizes NFL players in moral terms for declining to meet the president; or purports to be outraged by protesters  (wrongly) calling for a concert disinvitation. So long as Prager supports Trump, he is a member of the Immoral Majority, the newly ascendant coalition on the American right. Prager can be much better than this, but at present he is not. There are many just like him on the right who’ve compromised their beliefs for Trump. They are now apologists for moral relativism and indecency publicly personified.

Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure,it's not your fault
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 9, 2013

Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016

.@ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 28, 2012
If I were Dennis Prager, I’d avoid Twitter, too.



