ARTICLE
IN 2012, John Roberts, America’s chief justice, angered conservatives when he formed a majority with his four liberal colleagues to save Obamacare from its first major legal attack. Three years on, in 2015, he did so again to uphold campaign-finance rules for judges. Later that spring, he and Justice Anthony Kennedy teamed up with the liberals to rebuff a second assault on Obamacare. On May 1st, the moderate side of Mr Roberts reappeared when he once again shuffled to the left to stand up to banks that had targeted racial minorities for subprime loans. But if a prediction in Justice Clarence Thomas’s partial dissent proves accurate, caveats in the majority opinion may seriously undermine the ostensible liberal victory.
In Bank of America v City of Miami, the Supreme Court considered whether Miami may attempt to recoup losses it suffered from the 2008 recession by suing Bank of America and Wells Fargo, two of America’s biggest banks, for extending low-cost loans to white people while selling black people and Latinos risky mortgages with high fees and inflated interest rates. Miami claimed that a decade of discriminatory lending contributed to segregation and led minority borrowers to miss payments and lose their homes. Foreclosures then depressed property values, bringing boarded-up windows and dangerous street corners. This spurred Miami to spend more on policing, fire protection and other city services while its tax base withered. The impact on the city’s finances, Miami claimed, made it an aggrieved party under the Fair Housing Act (FHA), a law passed in 1968 prohibiting racial discrimination in the lease, sale and financing of property.
At the oral argument on election day in November, only the four liberal justices seemed receptive to Miami’s claim. Mr Roberts and Mr Kennedy sounded unwilling to set a precedent that would allow cities to sue banks for millions of dollars whenever they could draw a line plausibly connecting the dots between a lending practice and a neighbourhood’s decline. The FHA, Mr Kennedy said, “doesn't prohibit decreasing property tax values”. Mr Roberts added, in colloquy with Miami’s lawyer, “I don't see how you can say that your loss of property taxes is a direct injury”. But in the end, Mr Kennedy sided with the banks while Mr Roberts joined Justice Stephen Breyer’s majority decision.
Mr Breyer’s workmanlike opinion has something for both sides. First, turning to Gladstone, Realtors v. Village of Bellwood (1979), he accepted Miami’s contention that cities are, under certain circumstances, eligible to sue for damages under the FHA. Miami, he wrote, “is an ‘aggrieved person’ able to bring suit under the statute”. Yet bringing a suit and winning it are two different things. “[T]o establish proximate cause under the FHA”, Mr Breyer held, “a plaintiff must do more than show that its injuries foreseeably flowed from the alleged statutory violation”. Proving damages in this context must be a matter of direct injury: absent a concrete harm flowing directly from the bank’s loan scheme, a city has no case. The Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals held that “foreseeable” results from real-estate transactions are enough to permit a city to sue, but Mr Breyer found this standard too loose. There must be, he wrote, a “close connection”. Violating the FHA may “‘be expected to cause ripples of harm to flow’ far beyond the defendant’s misconduct”, he wrote, quoting a 1983 case. But opening up all such bad behaviour causing harm down the road to litigation is to turn the courts into the jurisprudential equivalent of “If You Give a Mouse a Cookie”, the children’s book trading on elaborate causal links between an initial move and a remote result. “Nothing in the statute”, Mr Breyer concluded, “suggests that Congress intended to provide a remedy wherever those ripples travel.”
Justice Samuel Alito was uncharacteristically silent during the Bank of America oral argument, while Mr Thomas was characteristically so. They, along with a more voluble Mr Kennedy, rejected Mr Breyer’s first contention in Monday’s ruling: “[N]othing in the text of the FHA suggests that Congress was concerned about decreased property values, foreclosures and urban blight, much less about strains on municipal budgets that might follow”, Mr Thomas wrote for his two colleagues. But the three agreed with Mr Breyer’s second point that only a direct injury would permit the city to show it had suffered at the hands of the banks’ discriminatory loans. For Mr Thomas, this standard of proof dooms Miami’s case: “[T]he majority opinion leaves little doubt that neither Miami nor any similarly situated plaintiff can satisfy the rigorous standard for proximate cause that the court adopts and leaves to the court of appeals to apply.” In other words, the invitation to cities to sue big banks comes with a giant asterisk: unless they can show predatory loans caused them direct harm, the FHA will be no good as a tool to win big settlements.
Trading on rumours that Mr Kennedy, 80, is pondering retirement, Rick Hasen, a noted Supreme Court observer at the University of California, Irvine, tweeted that Mr Roberts’s move in Bank of America shows he’s “practicing for when he will be the new swing justice”. There may be a simpler explanation for the chief’s rare jaunt to the liberal side of the bench. With only eight justices considering the case, a vote with his typical allies would have produced a 4-4 split. Mr Roberts has no love for ties; in public statements he frequently laments the court’s perceived politicisation and praises narrow rulings and compromise. And he may have good reason to avoid a tie in this case, as a split would have affirmed an Eleventh Circuit ruling permitting an expansive power for cities to sue banks under the Fair Housing Act. He may have offered his vote to the liberals in exchange for a more constrained decision that limits the reach of the FHA in similar lawsuits—or even, in Mr Thomas’s view, kills it softly.



ARTICLE
“He made that up,” said Dean Baquet, executive editor of the New York Times on CNN on the morning of April 30th, adding that “he does that sometimes.” Mr Baquet was referring to President Donald Trump’s claim, made to an adoring crowd at a rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania the day before, that the New York Times had to apologise for the way it had covered Mr Trump during the presidential campaign. It had not. Mr Baquet said the Times was tough and aggressive in its coverage of the president, but always fair.
Mr Trump’s speech in Harrisburg was remarkable not for the familiar boasting about his achievements, the ritualistic promises to build his wall, his talk about lawless immigrants and his vow to repeal and replace Obamacare, but for the amount of time he spent whacking the media. For almost 15 minutes, at the start of his speech, he talked about the failing Times, which he said could not even sell its valuable real estate in Manhattan lucratively, and had to move to a “very ugly office building in a very crummy location” (the new building of The Times was designed by Renzo Piano, an Italian architect famous for his aesthetically pleasing work). Mr Trump lambasted the ‘fake news’ propagated by CNN and MSNBC. “Their priorities are not my priorities, and not your priorities,” he said in the Pennsylvania farm-show complex arena, which, despite his claims that people were waiting outside to get in, had some empty seats. “If the media’s job is to be honest and tell the truth, the media deserves a very, very big fat failing grade”.
The reason for this eruption of anti-media rhetoric? The White House Correspondents’ Association’s dinner, an annual gala for which Hollywood comes to DC. Mr Trump loves few things more than glamorous dinners with influential people; he may have skipped it because he was made fun of when he attended and knows that most of the dinner’s guests abhor his politics. “As you may know, there's another big gathering taking place tonight in Washington, DC. Did you hear about it? A large group of Hollywood actors and Washington media are consoling each other in a hotel ballroom in our nation's capital right now,” he said, “and I could not possibly be more thrilled than to be more than 100 miles away from Washington's swamp, spending my evening with all of you, and with a much, much larger crowd, and much better people, right?" 
Mr Trump was the first president to miss the gala since Ronald Reagan did so in 1981 because he was recovering from an assassination attempt. Hasan Minhaj, the comedian hosting the dinner, had been asked to keep clear of Mr Trump, but towards the end of the evening he said he needed to address the elephant in the room. "The leader of our country is not here. And that's because he lives in Moscow. It's a very long flight. As for the other guy, I think he's in Pennsylvania because he can't take a joke."
The crowd in Harrisburg, meanwhile, loved the red meat rhetoric from their president. Towards the end of his nearly hour-long speech Mr Trump read the lyrics of a song by Al Wilson called “The snake”, as he had repeatedly done during the campaign. “‘Take me in tender woman, take me in, for heaven's sake,” cried Mr Trump. “‘Take me in, oh tender woman,’ sighed the vicious snake.” His recitation was dedicated to the secretary of homeland security, John Kelly. And in case the audience didn’t get it, Mr Trump helpfully explained that it was a metaphor for “the border”.
The crowd was ecstatic. The president loves whipping his fans into a frenzy and said that he might return to Harrisburg at the same time next year. But he might also, he said, attend the correspondents’ dinner and make it “more exciting for them”.



ARTICLE
WITH Republicans in charge in Washington, the federal minimum wage is unlikely to alter soon. But debate over the impact of local pay floors is as hot as ever. Little wonder: 18 states and 22 cities and counties raised their minimum wages at the start of 2017, according to the National Employment Law Project, a campaign group. Left-wing activists have for years pushed politicians to guarantee minimum pay of $15 an hour, more than twice the federal minimum of $7.25, which last went up in 2009.
A new working paper by Dara Lee Luca of Mathematica Policy Research and Michael Luca of Harvard Business School looks at the impact of higher minimum wages from a new angle. Traditionally, scholars have focused on whether or not minimum wages reduce employment. But the Lucas asked something else: does it force firms out of business? In particular, they looked at the restaurant industry—about half of minimum-wage workers toil over food—in the San Francisco Bay Area, which contains 15 of the 41 cities and counties that have changed their minimum wages since 2012. Their analysis relies on data from Yelp, a restaurant-review app favoured by millennials.
The Lucas found that a restaurant has, on average, a one-in-250 chance of closing in any given month. Whether or not the odds change when the minimum wage rises seems to depend on the quality of the eatery—or at least, on its Yelp rating. Restaurants with a coveted five-star score are barely affected; but less impressive joints are suddenly more likely to close (see chart). Restaurants with a middling rating are about 14% more likely to shut down when the minimum wage goes up by a dollar. (The authors also show that rating is distinct from price—in other words, a glorious but cheap takeaway has less to worry about than sellers of pricey but tasteless fare).
The result can be spun multiple ways. If those scholars who say that overall restaurant employment is unaffected by higher minimum wages are right, the implication of the new paper is that pay floors somehow force up the quality of restaurants. So long as one minimum-wage worker is much like another, a laid-off waiter will be able to find a new job somewhere serving better grub.
If those scholars are wrong, however, then the new paper supports what sceptics have said all along: that higher minimum wages, by threatening the viability of some firms, dent employment opportunities for the low-skilled. That should be food for thought.



ARTICLE
FEW Americans would have known it, but on New Year’s Eve their diplomats probably prevented scores of killings in central Africa, and perhaps a war. President Joseph Kabila, Congo’s long-stay autocrat, had refused to leave power, as he was obliged to do. Angry protesters were taking to the streets of Kinshasa and Mr Kabila’s troops buckling up to see them there. Yet through a combination of adroit negotiating and the high-minded pushiness that comes with representing a values-based superpower, Tom Perriello, the State Department’s then special envoy for the Great Lakes, and John Kerry, the then secretary of state, helped persuade Mr Kabila to back down. The resulting deal, brokered by the Catholic church, committed Mr Kabila to a power-sharing arrangement and retirement later this year. That would represent the first-ever peaceful transition in Congo. But it probably won’t happen.
Three weeks later, Donald Trump became president and the State Department’s 100-odd political appointees, including Mr Kerry and Mr Perriello, shipped out. That is normal in American transitions. But the most senior career diplomats were also pushed out, which is not. And only Mr Kerry has so far been replaced, by Rex Tillerson, a well-regarded former boss of Exxon Mobil. He had no ambition to be secretary of state—or knew he was being interviewed for the job—until Mr Trump offered it to him. Now installed as the voice of American foreign policy, he has maintained, notwithstanding his undoubted qualities, an oilman’s aversion to public scrutiny. He rarely speaks to journalists or visits American embassies on his trips abroad. He appears absorbed by the ticklish task of arranging a 31% cut in his department’s budget, which Mr Trump will shortly propose to Congress.
The vacant positions—in effect, almost the State Department’s entire decision-making staff of under-secretaries, assistant secretaries and ambassadors—are being covered by mid-ranking civil servants, who lack the authority, or understanding of the administration’s plans, to take the initiative. America’s diplomatic operation is idling at best. A sense of demoralisation—described in interviews with a dozen serving and former diplomats—permeates it. “I went to a policy planning meeting the other day and we spent half the time talking about someone’s bad back,” says a diplomat. “We’ve never been so bereft of leadership,” says another. A third predicts a wave of resignations.
Ben Franklin’s heirs
To allies, the fallout from this neglect is less obvious. American diplomacy has become more passive than bungling. The American ambassador is still the most powerful foreign diplomat in just about any country, says a senior European politician. Still, there are costs to the administration’s mismanagement of the State Department, including, for example, in Congo. After America went quiet on him, Mr Kabila sabotaged the power-sharing agreement, renewing the prospect of violence.
The scale of the assault Mr Trump has launched on the State Department is unprecedented, yet consistent with a decades-old trend. The National Security Council, which has swollen from a staff of 20 in the late 1960s to over 400 under Barack Obama, has supplanted it as the primary instrument of foreign-policymaking. Spending on diplomacy has been slashed in relative terms; in 1950, when American diplomats were overseeing the reconstruction of Europe and a propaganda war against the Soviet Union, it was half that of the defence budget; now, at less than 1% of the federal budget, it is only a tenth as large. This diminution is in part the result of large forces, including globalisation and communications technology. Most federal agencies, including the Treasury and the Department of Homeland Security, now communicate with their foreign counterparts directly, not, as they once did, through diplomats. “Foreign policy has become an all-government affair—every department is doing diplomacy and it’s not clear that the State Department is the most influential,” says Jeremy Shapiro, a former State Department adviser now at the European Council on Foreign Relations. The result is a diplomatic cadre in reduced circumstances and exposed to political attack—yet which still performs, as Mr Perriello’s brief triumph in Congo illustrates, important feats that no other agency can.
The department’s Republican critics accuse it of behaving like a liberal think-tank, wont to lobby for exciting foreign interests, instead of pursuing America’s. “The biggest problem with American diplomats is clientitis—they go native,” says a former ambassador. Yet that view, though indisputably valid at times, takes little account of the slow-moving and densely political nature of much of the department’s work. There are few straightforward “America First” wins in diplomacy. And if more focused agencies such as the CIA and defence department, specialists in catching terrorists and dropping bombs, are easier to explain, they are also frequently prone to short-termism and error. It is doubtful that either could have prevailed with Mr Kabila; it would not have occurred to them to try. Yet such diplomatic efforts also have security implications for America. As James Mattis, the defence secretary, once noted while admonishing Congress: “If you don’t fund the State Department fully, then I need to buy more ammunition.”
The objective should be to preserve the State Department’s distinctive strengths, while tailoring it to its altered circumstances. A report last year by the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think-tank, included useful recommendations on how this might be attempted. To avoid duplication, it suggested trimming the department’s 68 special envoys and advisers. To obtain better value for money, it proposed a review of State’s contributions to multilateral agencies, an exercise that led Britain to cut its support for four UN agencies. To counter some of the damaging effects of the internet, it recommended increasing public diplomacy—which the State Department could do with in America, as well as abroad, to counter its poor standing compared with the country’s lionised soldiers. To streamline top-level decision-making, Heritage also suggested eliminating one of the department’s two deputy posts, the deputy secretary for management and resources. Even diplomats who disagree with these suggestions consider them broadly reasonable. While speaking up for the value of the deputy secretary position, Heather Higginbottom, who until recently occupied it, conceded: “But these things happen and it wouldn’t be the biggest loss.” Yet this sort of sensible institutional reform is not what the Trump administration appears to have in mind.
It needs money to fund a promised $54bn increase in defence spending, and sees the State Department budget as one of the few places it can get it. It appears scarcely to have considered the consequences of its intended raid. “This is a hard-power budget, not a soft-power budget,” was the most Mick Mulvaney, the director of the Office of Management and Budget, had to offer. That is precisely the knuckleheaded trade-off Mr Mattis advised against—a point since reiterated by over 120 retired generals and admirals, who have urged the administration to rethink.
Mr Tillerson, who seems hardly to have resisted the proposed cut, has also said little about how he would implement it. His advisers are said to be using the Heritage recommendations as a guide, however, which suggests a lot of top-level job cuts are in the offing. There is also an expectation that unfavoured departments dealing with climate change policy, and perhaps human rights, will be axed or amalgamated. A related plan, leaked to Foreign Policy, envisages cutting aid to developing countries by a third. It would also shrink America’s overseas aid agency, USAID, and roll it into the State Department.
Congress is unlikely to approve such drastic measures. Lindsey Graham, a Republican senator prominent in foreign affairs, describes Mr Trump’s budget proposals as “dead on arrival”. Even so, says a well-placed Republican aide, there is an expectation on Capitol Hill that aid and diplomatic spending will take a cut. Meanwhile the running down of America’s diplomacy, a great tradition which brought France into the War of Independence and helped build the international system after the second world war, continues.
One of the Trump administration’s better ideas was to reduce the power of the NSC, in order to bolster the inter-agency policymaking process, and thereby the agencies themselves. In the case of the defence department, whose vastness and military spine make it less vulnerable to traumatic transitions, this seems to be happening. Mr Mattis is getting high marks for pushing decision-making down to lower levels. But the State Department, having hardly anyone in place to represent it forcefully in the inter-agency process and little clarity on what the government’s foreign policy is, is ceding even more power to the NSC. It is an astonishingly careless way to treat an institution that, whatever its weaknesses, America needs.



ARTICLE
SIX weeks ago, when judges in Hawaii and Maryland blocked Donald Trump’s second attempt to limit travel from a handful of Muslim-majority countries, the 45th president said the rulings were made “for political reasons” and promised to appeal them “all the way to the Supreme Court”. Mr Trump’s refugee and travel ban may indeed wind up in the justices’ hands, including those of his newly installed jurist, Neil Gorsuch. But there are stops along the way at the United States Circuit Courts of Appeals. On May 8th, the entire 15-member Fourth Circuit court in Virginia will hear arguments in International Refugee Assistance Project v Trump; and on May 15th, a three-judge panel of the Ninth Circuit court in California will hear an appeal in State of Hawaii v Trump. If the plaintiffs challenging the ban win either case, Mr Trump’s travel restrictions will remain stymied nationwide.
It seems the president faces an uphill battle in both tribunals: the Ninth Circuit is commonly described as the most liberal in America; and with six recent Barack Obama appointees, the Fourth Circuit is no longer a bastion of conservatism. But as the courts prepare for these hearings, a group of constitutional scholars opposed to Mr Trump’s travel restrictions from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen are urging judges to consider the order in a somewhat different light. The new spin is designed to put the challenge on sounder footing at the circuit courts—and to ready it for a potential trip to the Supreme Court.
On April 19th, 50 legal scholars filed an amicus brief with the Fourth Circuit arguing that Mr Trump’s executive order is precluded by “the long-settled prohibition on governmental acts based on animus toward a particular religious group”. The premise that the travel restrictions are rooted in the president’s hostile attitude toward Muslims is nothing new: both rulings on appeal catalogued a host of public statements in which Mr Trump promised, for example, a “total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States” as evidence that the executive order—far from advancing a legitimate national security interest—primarily targets Muslims and thus violates the First Amendment rule barring the “establishment of religion”.
But the Hawaii and Maryland restraining orders were grounded in Lemon v Kurtzman and McCreary v ACLU, Supreme Court precedents the scholars acknowledge “remain controversial”. That may be an understatement. Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Samuel Alito, Anthony Kennedy and Clarence Thomas have all expressed doubts about Lemon; in 1993, the late Antonin Scalia likened the 1971 decision to a "ghoul in a late-night horror movie”. As a judge on the Tenth Circuit court in 2009, Mr Gorsuch noted that lower courts had “jettison[ed]” Lemon and the Supreme Court “seemed to eschew it”. So it would appear to be a strategic necessity, as the legal challenge to Mr Trump’s travel ban is tuned for the higher courts, to sketch an alternative case for its unconstitutionality.
The amicus brief argues that the lower courts’ view of the executive order is “independently supported” by precedents interpreting the First Amendment’s establishment and free-exercise clauses and the Fourteenth Amendment’s guarantee of equal protection that have nothing to do with Lemon or McCreary. In Town of Greece v Galloway, a 2014 case involving public prayer at town-board meetings, Justice Kennedy drew the line at supplications that “signal disfavour toward nonparticipants or suggest that their stature in the community was in any way diminished”. Likewise, in the same case, Justice Alito noted that “discriminatory intent” may turn an otherwise acceptable prayer into a violation of the establishment clause. In light of writings from George Washington (speaking out against religious “bigotry”), Thomas Jefferson (saying the constitution protects “the Jew and the Gentile, the Christian and Mahometan, the Hindoo and infidel”) and James Madison (decrying a law that “degrades from the equal rank of citizens all those whose opinions in religion do not bend to those of the legislative authority”), the Supreme Court’s rejection of official acts expressing religious animus is “of ancient lineage”.
But does Mr Trump’s travel ban represent animus toward Muslims? On the face of it, the executive order is not hostile to any particular religion: it suspends travel for 90 days from six countries (Iraq was taken off the list when Mr Trump released his revised order in March) and imposes a 120-day pause on the entry of new refugees. The plaintiffs’ portrayal of the executive order as an exercise in Muslim-hatred is futile, the administration insists. Statements made during a campaign do not “impugn the motive of subsequent government action”. This attempt to sever the link between Mr Trump’s words and his actions got a boost on March 17th in the form of an extraordinary opinion from Judge Alex Kozinski of the Ninth Circuit, lamenting that his colleagues did not vote to reconsider his court’s three-judge panel decision against the president's first executive order. Mr Kozinski mocked the approach as an “evidentiary snark hunt”. A candidate for office says “many things on the campaign trail” that are often “contradictory or inflammatory”, but “the poor shlub’s only intention is to get elected”. To read a candidate’s rhetoric into policies he adopts once in office is “folly” and “strewn with danger”, Mr Kozinski warned.
Perhaps in deference to this line of attack, the brief from the constitutional scholars claims that the travel ban’s anti-Muslim animus is apparent in “a review of only post-election and post-inauguration statements by the president and his senior advisors”. When he signed the first executive order in January, Mr Trump read its title (“Protecting The Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into The United States”) and remarked, “we all know what that means.” And after his second order was halted by Judge Derrick Watson in Hawaii, Mr Trump called it “a watered-down version of the first order” and said, “I think we ought to go back to the first one”. Even if part of the motivation behind the ban is valid, mixing that interest "with forbidden animus", the brief explains, "corrupt[s] and distort[s] it". 
Leah Litman, one of the signatories and a professor of law at the University of California, Irvine, thinks the brief may "bear fruit" if the justices "fairly read and apply precedent according to its best reading". Joshua Matz—the attorney who wrote the brief in cooperation with scholars Corey Brettschneider, Micah Schwartzman and Nelson Tebbe—has crafted a persuasive and skillfully targeted argument. In steering clear of Lemon, citing conservative justices and scholars and prominently quoting the likely swing justice, Anthony Kennedy (for whom he clerked), Mr Matz says that the rebranding of the case is no mere tactic to attract a Supreme Court majority. “Justices and jurists of all methodological and ideological views agree that the government cannot act on the basis of animus toward any particular religion”, Mr Matz says. “This policy squarely offends that rule”. If the Supreme Court abides by its own long-standing principles, he adds, “Trump’s order cannot stand”.



ARTICLE
IN THEIR defence of Donald Trump’s order threatening to pull federal funding from “sanctuary cities”—localities that refuse to help the federal government deport people—lawyers from the Department of Justice tried to lower the stakes. Executive Order No. 13768, “Enhancing Public Safety in the Interior of the United States”, signed on January 25th, has no legal effect to speak of, Mr Trump’s lawyers assured William Orrick, a district judge. The order was just an example of the president using his “bully pulpit” to broadcast his views on immigration policy. So San Francisco and Santa Clara, two sanctuary cities in California, have nothing to worry about; their billions of dollars in federal money are safe.
This turned out to be a losing move. On April 25th, Mr Orrick provisionally extended a canopy over these sanctuary cities and handed Donald Trump another legal setback. After seeing both the first and revised versions of his travel ban halted by federal judges from east to west, Mr Trump has now been reprimanded a third time. Mr Orrick pointed to Mr Trump’s statement upon signing the order that “he was willing and able to use ‘defunding’ as a ‘weapon’ so that sanctuary cities would change their policies”. The president is none too pleased. In an early-morning series of tweets on April 26th, Mr Trump called all of the judgments against him “ridiculous rulings”, singled out the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals for criticism and taunted, “[s]ee you in the Supreme Court!”
The critique betrayed more evidence of Mr Trump’s limited grasp of the structure and principles of the government in which he serves. The president seemingly mistook the United States District Court for the Ninth Circuit Court, condemning the latter for its “terrible record of being overturned” by the Supreme Court. The Ninth Circuit is reversed by the Supreme Court at a high rate, 79%. But that’s not so far from the frequency (70%) with which the high court reverses all circuit courts—no surprise, as the justices often aren’t keen to hear cases they think were correctly decided in the court below. In any case, the Ninth Circuit is reversed less often than two other federal appeals courts (the Sixth and Eleventh Circuits, which cover seven southern states all carried by Mr Trump in November). Mr Trump, using scare quotes, also charged that opponents of his immigration policy engaged in “judge shopping” to find a liberal jurist willing to stand up for sanctuary cities. In fact, the California towns had no choice but to approach a federal judge in the district with jurisdiction over California. That’s just how the legal system works.
It seems Mr Trump is taking the “bully” part of “bully pulpit” quite seriously. His poorly informed aggression toward the judiciary is not, however, quite in line with how presidents have used this dais in the past. When Theodore Roosevelt introduced the term at the turn of the 20th century, he thought of “bully” not as boorish but as “choice” or “top-rate”; the 26th president, for example, frequently railed against monopolies. Presidents ever since have spoken out on issues they care about. But nobody before Mr Trump has used the position to politicise and delegitimise a co-equal branch of the federal government.
Mr Trump seems to believe the five-justice conservative majority at the Supreme Court—cemented by Neil Gorsuch, his recently seated jurist—is a lock to save him from judges perched in hippy havens like California and Hawaii (which Jeff Sessions, the attorney-general euphemised as “an island in the Pacific” on April 19th). He shouldn’t be so confident. The Supreme Court often defers to presidents in matters of immigration, but the provision of his executive order in question has little to do with immigration per se and much to do with who gets to decide when “congressionally appropriated funds” may be, in Mr Sessions’s words, “claw[ed] back” from uncooperative localities. In his opinion—part civics lesson, part rebuke—Mr Orrick writes that the “constitution vests the spending powers in Congress, not the president, so the order cannot constitutionally place new conditions on federal funds”. Nor can it ignore the Tenth Amendment, which acknowledges the rights of states: “Federal funding that bears no meaningful relationship to immigration enforcement cannot be threatened merely because a jurisdiction chooses an immigration enforcement strategy of which the president disapproves”.
For now, cities like San Francisco, Santa Clara, Los Angeles, Houston and New York may continue to shelter people from federal immigration officials without fear of losing giant chunks of their operating budgets. That could change on appeal, but the case against the president’s order is not, as Mr Trump and his advisers seem to think, an unruly and “unelected” judge’s liberal grudge. The 45th president is flouting principles of America’s constitution, and the courts are doing their job in calling him on it.



ARTICLE
AT A rally in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania last October, Donald Trump presented his “100-day action plan”, a long list of goals to reform government. Achieving these was always a tall order, and the president has certainly kept busy. He is expected to sign 30 executive orders by the end of his first 100 days in office (see chart), more than any other president since Harry Truman.
True to his word, he has withdrawn America from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a trade pact, appointed a conservative Supreme Court justice and authorised the building of the Keystone oil pipeline. The president even seems intent on building his border wall with Mexico, although the financing is still hazy. Mexico, he now claims, will pay for the barrier “at a later date…in some form”.
But plenty of promises remain unfulfilled. Mr Trump has declined to label China a currency manipulator. His attempt to ban travellers from several Muslim-majority countries has twice been thwarted by the courts. His plan to “repeal and replace Obamacare” never made it to a vote in Congress, though another attempt may be imminent.
According to the Partnership for Public Service, a non-profit, Mr Trump has nominated just 58 key executive-branch officials who require Senate approval. In the first 100 days of his presidency, Barack Obama nominated 190. The State Department is understaffed (see article); the Council of Economic Advisers sits empty.
Presidents tend to start their tenures with high approval ratings that tail off over time. Mr Trump’s are already in the dumps, the worst start of any post-war president. But a closer examination of the polls reveals another story: America is now bitterly divided across party lines. Mr Trump’s approval among Republicans sits at a Reaganesque 85%. As long as he can maintain the support of his base, and assuming the economy accelerates as expected, the opinions of his many detractors may not matter.



ARTICLE
THE hypocrisy is breathtaking. But it looks as if the Trump administration really is going after WikiLeaks and Julian Assange, the self-styled transparency campaigner who runs it from the Ecuadorean embassy in London, where he has been holed up for five years evading extradition to Sweden to face a rape allegation.
As a candidate, Donald Trump said he loved WikiLeaks for helping his campaign by publishing embarrassing e-mails from the Democratic National Committee, hacked by the Russians. Now he is in the White House, he views leaks less indulgently. On April 20th the attorney-general, Jeff Sessions, declared that the arrest of Mr Assange had become “a priority”. He added: “We are going to step up our efforts, and are already stepping up our efforts, on all leaks.” The Department of Justice is said to be preparing charges against Mr Assange.
In a speech made a few days before Mr Sessions’s announcement, the director of the CIA, Mike Pompeo, excoriated WikiLeaks as “a non-state hostile intelligence service often abetted by state actors like Russia”. Mr Pompeo’s wrath had been incurred after the release by Mr Assange’s outfit of information about some of the CIA’s surveillance tools. Mr Pompeo, like his boss, had previously been a WikiLeaks fan, regularly tweeting its revelations last summer to attack Hillary Clinton.
Even if Mr Pompeo’s designation of WikiLeaks is accurate—and Susan Hennessey, managing editor of the Lawfare blog, thinks it may be—it may not provide a path to prosecution. But Ms Hennessey says an indictment might be possible under the Espionage Act, or laws governing theft of government property and computer abuse.
Chelsea Manning, the army intelligence analyst jailed for providing WikiLeaks with a huge dump of classified material in 2010, was indicted under all three laws, though her sentence was commuted by Barack Obama before he left office. It appears that Mr Assange may have both incited Mr Manning (as he then was) to commit his crimes, and helped to facilitate them. If so, says Ms Hennessey, it might be fairly easy in purely legal terms to bring a conspiracy charge against Mr Assange.
This raises the question of why the Obama administration, not known for its tolerance of leaks, decided to stay its hand when it came to Mr Assange. The reason was the difficulty of distinguishing WikiLeaks’ activities from investigative journalism, which is protected by the bit of the First Amendment covering freedom of the press. Mr Obama was far from convinced that WikiLeaks and Mr Assange did merit such protection, but was troubled about where a prosecution might go politically.
Mr Trump’s intense hostility towards the “mainstream media”, for what he perceives as its bias against him, means that he is unlikely to feel any such compunction. The overlap between what WikiLeaks and traditional media organisations do has also become increasingly blurred. News outlets such as the New York Times and the Washington Post have introduced SecureDrop, which describes itself as “an open-source whistleblower submission system that media organisations can use to securely accept documents from and communicate with anonymous sources.”
Given that both newspapers published the best bits of the material WikiLeaks ran from the DNC hack, it must be assumed that if Russian intelligence agents had opted to provide it to them via SecureDrop, they would happily have used it. They know that if they do not publish such material, there are plenty of rivals who will.
Ms Hennessey argues that there is still a vital difference between WikiLeaks and, say, the New York Times. The Times edits and checks; its motives are different; it is not linked to hostile intelligence agencies. Such distinctions may not trouble Mr Sessions but, as Mr Trump has found, the courts do not always do his bidding.



ARTICLE
THE Pine Ridge Indian reservation in South Dakota, the site of the battle of Wounded Knee, contains one of the poorest counties in America; and every one of its residents is affected, in some way, by alcoholism. So says Robert Brave Heart senior, one of the leaders of Red Cloud, a private Catholic school founded in 1888 by Jesuits at the request of Red Cloud, a chief of the Oglala Lakota, the tribe of Crazy Horse. Most of his people, says Mr Brave Heart, cannot drink alcohol in moderation. He thinks he is one of them. After bad experiences with booze as a teenager, he has not touched alcohol for 40 years.
Alcohol has been banned in Pine Ridge since 1889, except for a few months in the 1970s. Yet two-thirds of adults on the reservation are alcoholics; alcohol-fuelled domestic violence is rampant; and one in four babies born on the reservation is irreversibly damaged by fetal-alcohol syndrome, a range of neurological defects caused by mothers drinking alcohol during pregnancy.
One of the main sources of alcohol for the reservation’s residents is Whiteclay, a tiny hamlet of 11 residents just a short walk away across the state line in Nebraska. Whiteclay, which has no school and no grocery shop, seems to exist solely to sell booze. On April 19th Nebraska’s state liquor board voted to revoke the licences of Whiteclay’s four liquor stores, which are due to expire on April 30th. They argued that the town is not well enough policed: reason enough to revoke a licence. A lawyer for the shops said at once that his clients would appeal.
Activists such as Frank LaMere, a member of the Winnebago tribe, who has fought for 22 years to shut down the shops, are jubilant about the state board’s decision. They argue that the shops have been making immoral profits from the misery of vulnerable residents of the reservation. Last year the shops sold an astonishing 3.6m cans of beer, or seven cans per minute, almost all to the Lakota Sioux.
Yet Mr Brave Heart and others are sceptical about the licence revocation. They say those who want to drink will simply drive to get their booze farther afield, which will increase both the already high number of fatal drunk-driving car crashes, and bootlegging. “Alcoholism is a social and spiritual problem,” says Mr Brave Heart. It cannot be reversed with the stroke of a pen.
Patty Pansing Brooks, a Democratic state senator from Nebraska, is the author of the bill creating the Whiteclay public health emergency task-force, which unanimously passed the unicameral statehouse on April 24th. She agrees that it will take more than prohibition to help the alcoholics in Pine Ridge. Ms Pansing Brooks wants a substation of the Nebraska state patrol set up in Whiteclay, as well as demolition of abandoned buildings where crime and trafficking are rife. She also wants to create a detox centre with a job-training programme, and promote economic development by giving residents access to wireless broadband. She says she feels a duty to do something because of her state’s complicity in destroying the tribe.
Her efforts are backed by Tom Brewer, Nebraska’s first Native-American state senator, who grew up on the Pine Ridge reservation. As a staunch Republican, he is at the other end of the political spectrum, but the two senators are united in their outrage at what is happening in Pine Ridge. More than half—perhaps 80%—of its adults are unemployed. About half live below the federal poverty line. Almost one-third are homeless. Men die, on average, at 47 and women at 55. Almost half the population older than 40 is diabetic. The infant mortality rate is triple the national average, the suicide rate of teenagers is more than double and obesity is an even bigger problem than in the rest of the Midwest.
Students of journalism at the University of Nebraska, Lincoln recently produced a wide-ranging report on the impact of the liquor shops on the reservation. It was called “The Wounds of Whiteclay: Nebraska’s Shameful Legacy”. Those wounds will take a long time to heal, if they ever do.



ARTICLE
WHEN historians look back at the earthquake that shook American politics in 2016, two books deserve recognition as important early warnings. The first, “Bowling Alone” by Robert Putnam, was published way back in 2000. With the prescience of a ranch-hound growling at a far-off tremor, Mr Putnam, a political scientist, reported that Americans were living increasingly solitary lives, slumped in front of televisions or surfing the internet, rather than competing in bowling leagues or volunteering for such civic groups as the Knights of Columbus.
The second book, clanging like a ranch-bell as the first tremors arrived, was “The Big Sort: Why The Clustering of Like-Minded America is Tearing Us Apart” by Bill Bishop. Published in 2008, this reported that when Americans emerge, blinking, from their TV dens they increasingly inhabit communities which share their partisan, religious or cultural views. In the presidential election of 1976, some 27% of Americans lived in “landslide counties” which Jimmy Carter either won or lost by at least 20 percentage points. By 2004, when George Bush narrowly won re-election, 48% of counties saw landslides.
Now comes a third book which seeks, in effect, to synthesise the lessons of the first two. It is written by John Kasich, the Republican governor of Ohio and the last presidential primary contender to concede defeat as Donald Trump seized his party’s nomination. The new work, “Two Paths: America Divided or United”, reflects Mr Kasich’s image as a folksy blue-collar conservative with a conscience. It could be summarised in a single, faith-tinged injunction: “Love your neighbour.”
The 24-hour news cycle being what it is, the book has mostly been parsed for clues as to whether Mr Kasich might run for president in 2020, especially if Mr Trump does not seek a second term. Mr Kasich, a former congressman and Fox News TV host, has coyly told interviewers: “You don’t close the door on anything.” In truth, Mr Kasich has probably had his moment. He won one state in the presidential primaries, his own. Many Republicans cannot abide the way he casts hardline opponents as unChristian—Mr Kasich likes to say that when politicians die, St Peter will ask what they did for the poor, not how they shrank government.
Still, Mr Kasich’s book matters, in part as a reassuringly human account of life at the epicentre of a political quake. He describes taking part in presidential-primary debates in which rivals “wallowed in the mud, lied, called each other liars, and disparaged each other’s character.” Up under the TV lights, he reports, “It was just nuts.” He sounds equally human when watching rivals endorse Mr Trump, a man they had previously called “utterly amoral” and a “cancer” on conservatism. Mr Kasich, normally a gruff sort, tactfully calls this surrender “surprising”.
Alas, “Two Paths” matters even more because it fails in its stated aim: to show how America can be united. The son of a postman from small town in Pennsylvania, Mr Kasich frets that Americans have “fallen out of the habit of caring for one another”, instead living with their heads down and expecting far-off government leaders to solve such problems as the opiate addictions ravaging Middle America. To explain why democracy feels gridlocked, Mr Kasich points to partisans who now consume political news like a “hobby”, and who use primary elections to punish legislators who cross party lines.
The problem is that solving the “Bowling Alone” crisis, even if it can be done, may not fix the “Big Sort” problem. When Americans debate such issues as government welfare, it is not enough for them to love their neighbours. The larger challenge is to love compatriots who are not their neighbours. When polled on such issues as immigration, gun rights, climate change or welfare for the poor, Trump-voting rural America and Democratic-leaning cities and inner suburbs sound like two different countries. Worse, the two Americas increasingly do not know or like each other—a divide made worse by Mr Trump, who depicts cities as hellholes of dysfunction, stalked by murderous immigrants.
In an interview, Mr Kasich’s solution is to talk about questions of “common humanity” that trouble all Americans: he cites children who arrive hungry at school, drug addiction and human trafficking. He wants to see more voluntary civic actions, like mentoring young people, donating to food banks, or shaming employers into keeping jobs in America.
Civic-minded, but segregated
In the meantime, gulfs grow wider. In 2016, fully 60% of voters lived in landslide counties that went for Mr Trump or Hillary Clinton by a 20-point margin. Damagingly for Mr Kasich’s love-conquers-all thesis, any reporter who covered last year’s election can also testify that Mr Trump’s divisive rhetoric created a powerful sense of community among his followers. It is true that Trump rallies were darkly angry festivals of fear-mongering about The Other. But seen another way, enthusiastic citizens were swept up in a common cause as rarely before. In their “Make America Great Again” hats and “Trump That Bitch” T-shirts, the faithful were not bowling alone. Today the left is seeing a wave of civic activism and energy, inspired by rage and disgust at President Trump.
Pushed on this paradox, Mr Kasich is honest enough to say that America faces a “cultural problem” that will not be solved overnight. Political parties see profit in gerrymandering districts to make them super-safe, he sighs. The media saw profit in covering Mr Trump’s worst excesses. He chides religious leaders in the “faith business” for sowing divisions. Remarkably, he criticises the public too, who “want to be reinforced in their beliefs”, and so choose to inhabit partisan bubbles and forward fake news items without compunction. Fixing America is “on us”, writes Mr Kasich, urging citizens to take more responsibility and shun strongmen vowing to solve all problems. But what happens when there is no American “us” any more? To that, he offers no answer.



ARTICLE
WHEN the Los Angeles transit authority extended a railway to link the city’s towering downtown to Santa Monica, a swanky seaside neighbourhood, last May, Angelenos rushed to experience it as if to glimpse a celebrity. For six decades, there had been no rail connection from the centre to the Westside beaches. So exciting was the concept that queues formed at 9.30am to catch the first train at noon.
A year later Los Angeles is gearing up to build a rail link to the traffic-strangled International Airport, introduce new rapid-transit bus routes and extend subway lines, among other things. The ventures will be financed by money from Measure M, a ballot proposal passed handsomely last November to increase the sales tax by half a cent to pay for public transport. Growing congestion and reduced state and federal funding have spurred other cities to do the same: voters in Atlanta and Seattle also passed transit referendums in November. But they are dwarfed by the Los Angeles measure, which is expected to come into effect in July and collect a whopping $120bn for transport over the next 40 years.
It is not before time. Los Angeles County’s population has grown fast over the past few decades, making awful traffic worse. According to the Texas A&M Transportation Institute, a research group, residents of Los Angeles and nearby Anaheim spent a cruel average of 80 hours in jams in 2014, up from 58 hours in 1985. A study in 2016 by Inrix, a traffic-analytic firm, found that Los Angeles had the worst traffic in the world. One campaign ad for Measure M seductively promised to reduce daily time spent snarled up by 15%.
Some experts are sceptical, however. Measure M is the fourth sales-tax increase for financing public transport to be approved by county voters in the past 40 years. Reviews of the previous efforts are mixed. Despite the introduction of eight new railways and bus routes since 1990, passenger numbers on public transport have declined since their peak in 1985, when subsidies expired that kept bus fares artificially low. That year 497m journeys were made on Los Angeles County’s bus and rail system. In 2016 the figure was 416m—although, in the intervening years, the county’s population had grown by 2m. According to data from the Census Bureau, in 2015 83% of workers in Los Angeles drove to work alone or in carpools, while less than 7% used public transport.
Ethan Elkind, a law professor and author of “Railtown: The Fight for the Los Angeles Metro Rail and the Future of the City”, points out that passenger numbers on public transport have been declining nationwide. He adds that some new rail extensions financed by a sales-tax measure passed in 2008 have not yet started operation. But James Moore, who directs the transportation-engineering programme at the University of Southern California, is more pessimistic. He believes politics has inspired the county to invest too much in rail while ignoring buses. Buses, he believes, are a much more cost-effective way to move people around sprawling Los Angeles, which is largely zoned for single-family housing rather than the dense clusters that might encourage rail travel.
On two points there is broad consensus. First, if Measure M is to get results, zoning around transport corridors needs to allow for denser development. Second, the Los Angeles transit authority needs to take the politically risky step of favouring public-transport passengers, who are often poor (71% of them are Latino) over car drivers, who are more numerous and generally wealthier. A good example of the present bias is that the long-awaited railway from downtown to the Pacific stops for red lights, to let cars pass.



ARTICLE
BEFORE there were IMAX cinemas, there were panoramas. Typically around 400 feet long and 50 feet high, the immersive paintings toured America in the last decades of the 19th century, sometimes accompanied by 3-D dioramas. They weren’t meant to last, and when ticket sales dwindled, most were discarded like old fairground rides. Only two made in their heyday can still be seen in the country. One is at (and of) Gettysburg; the other, known as the Atlanta cyclorama, encapsulates the problems involved in commemorating the civil war—and a possible solution.
The cyclorama was made by a team of German artists in Milwaukee in the mid-1880s: photographs of their workshop reveal a lubricating beer supply and a patriotic pin-up of Kaiser Wilhelm I. The subject was the Battle of Atlanta, a crucial Union victory, specifically the afternoon of July 22nd 1864. Many midwestern soldiers fought there. The picture was intended profitably to celebrate northern heroism.
When the cyclorama made its way south—first to Chattanooga and then, in 1892, to Atlanta itself—its meaning was reversed. An impresario recoloured the uniforms of captured Confederates to make them look like routed Yankees. In line with the region’s mythology, which even today can make it seem that the South won every battle but lost on a technicality, advertisements declared it the “Only Confederate Victory ever Painted.” In time the behemoth was donated to the city, and from 1921 it was housed in a purpose-built hall next to the zoo. After Clark Gable visited in 1939, for the premiere of “Gone With The Wind”, a Rhett Butler figurine was added to the diorama, reputedly at his suggestion.
Understandably, the facility’s upkeep was not a financial priority for some black politicians, who from the 1970s ran the city administration. Unease about where and how to remember the war and its aftermath has only intensified. On April 24th—marked, in some states, as Confederate Memorial Day—a monument to a post-war insurrection by white supremacists was taken down in New Orleans. The workers wore face-masks and flak jackets because of the risk of reprisals.
Sheffield Hale, a proud, thoughtful white southerner who runs the Atlanta History Centre, advocates a middle way between rejection and misinformed embrace of civil-war memorabilia. His museum has leased the cyclorama from the city, recently winching its rolled-up, six-tonne bulk through a hole in the roof of its old home and installing it in a bespoke rotunda. It will be displayed there, Mr Hale says, “as an artefact, rather than a moonlight-and-magnolias attraction”. The exhibition will present it not as a shrine but as a palimpsest, as full of meaning as it is of bloodshed, with explanations not only of the battle but of the painting’s own past—including the long stretch in which white and black viewing hours were segregated.
At present the cyclorama is partly obscured by scaffolding. Two lost chunks will be replaced, along with a missing slice of sky. The original, hyperbolic shape will be restored, as will Rhett Butler. When the work is finished next year a therapeutic approach to studying history will be set in train, and a near-extinct art form will be revived. So might a once-popular Atlanta pastime: purporting to recognise people amid the thousands of fighting, writhing, dying figures captured in oils. (Only one, a Union steward, is black.)
Not long ago Mr Hale discovered that an ancestor, Arthur Hale, fought in the battle with an Alabama infantry unit, as did his brother Farish. Standing in front of the canvas, Mr Hale points to a skirmish taking place in what is now a smart part of town. Farish was killed in it; great-great-granddaddy Arthur later married his brother’s widow, making that day “my reason for being here”. “It’s very personal,” adds Mr Hale, as southern history tends to be.



ARTICLE
TRUST IN politicians in America is at an all-time low. Recent polling suggests that the president is less trusted than ABC or MSNBC—a poor performance, given that in 2016 only 21% of Americans suggested that they had confidence in television news. But the legislative branch may be the least trusted wing of government: only 9% of Americans reported confidence in Congress in 2016. Technology and globalisation are commonly cited culprits for this parlous of affairs. But there is a simpler explanation for much of the slide: a reasonable perception that politicians are not working in the best interests of voters.
The government’s trust problem certainly predates Donald Trump: trust has been falling for decades. Apart from a short-lived spike in support after the terror attacks on New York in September, 2001, the last time a majority of Americans suggested that the government in Washington, DC could be trusted to do what is right was in 1972, according to the Pew Research Centre. By 2015, less than one in five Americans held that view. And the trust problem spreads beyond government: survey evidence suggests that answers to the question “do you think most people can be trusted?” are also at a historical low in America, with only about a third of people answering in the affirmative. 
That suggests that deep-seated, long-term factors might be at play. “Ongoing globalisation and technological change are now further weakening people’s trust” suggests Richard Edelman, creator of an eponymous “trust barometer,” who notes that it isn’t just America and it isn’t just government; trust in chief executives and markets  is also down around the world. Bill Bishop, commentator and author of "The Big Sort: Why the Clustering of Like-Minded America is Tearing Us Apart," argues that much of modern life works against community and trust. He suggests that low trust in government is linked with the decline of social capital (blame television), globalisation and the cult of the individual.
The trouble with blaming worldwide factors including technology and globalisation is that the timing doesn't quite work and it is far from universal. The longest sustained decline in confidence in government was from 1964—when 77% of Americans thought the government could be trusted to do what is right—to 1980, when that had dropped to 27%. That is, after the spread of broadcast television but before the advent of cable news or Facebook.  It is also long before the period decried as "hyper-globalisation" by its critics. Most of the fall occurred during the Johnson and Nixon presidencies. Both leaders provided ample justification for distrust—Mr Nixon in particular.  
Meanwhile, other countries have seen different patterns in attitudes towards government over time. The World Values Survey asks “how much confidence do you have in the government?” The proportion of Spaniards who answer "a great deal" or "quite a lot" has fallen from 43% at the turn of the millennium to 20% more recently—but the phenomenon is far from universal. In Germany, for example, confidence in government actually increased over the past decade, from 25 to 44% of respondents. Sweden has also seen a rise, and now 59% profess confidence. The same applies to generalised trust: in Germany trust in people has been increasing over time and has reached about 45% of respondents and in Sweden 60% report that they are trusting of others. 
That is not to say long-term and institutional factors play no role in reduced confidence in government. Helios Herrera of the University of Warwick and his colleagues Luigi Guiso and Massimo Morelli look across countries to find that trust in political systems is negatively related to self-reported income difficulties, unemployment, age, and education, amongst other factors. Blain Robbins of the University of Washington surveys evidence regarding generalised trust across 74 countries over three decades and suggests that countries with better property rights and more extensive labour market regulations increase generalised trust.
Nonetheless, the pathetically low level of confidence in American political institutions can’t be fully explained by such things. Indeed, it probably reflects an accurate perception that politicians are not delivering on their promises. After all, institutions that appear serially incapable of setting a budget or paying debts without months of brinkmanship do not reek of competence and probity. And trying to shift the blame for their unpopularity elsewhere may simply increase Washington DC's trust problem.



ARTICLE
HE WAS humble, articulate and conciliatory. On April 24th, in his first public appearance since January, Barack Obama charmed his audience with his ability to listen and his unwillingness to boast. As a community organiser on the South Side, "I am the first to acknowledge that I did not set the world on fire," Mr Obama said. “This community gave me a lot more than I was able to give in return.”
Mr Obama held his presidential farewell speech on January 11th in Chicago, his adopted hometown, and returned to the Windy City for his re-emergence in public life after an extended holiday. In his farewell speech the former president had reflected on the fragility of democracy. This time he focused on civic engagement and community organising in a 90-minute discussion with a panel of half a dozen youthful activists at the University of Chicago’s Logan Center for the Arts in front of an audience of mainly college students.
In his remarks Mr Obama brandished political polarisation, which he blamed on gerrymandered electoral districts, money in politics, a politicised media landscape and voter apathy, especially among young people. He admitted that his much-quoted comment at the Democratic National Convention in 2004 that there were not “red states and blues states” was “aspirational”. One thing of which he was absolutely convinced, said Mr Obama, is that what prevents Americans from tackling the most daunting challenges is politics and civic life. He is planning, he said, to henceforth devote much of his energy to working with young people to encourage them "to take up the baton and take their crack at changing the world".
Following a civilised tradition of former presidents abstaining from criticising their successor, he did not mention Donald Trump once. Many of his supporters are keen for Mr Obama to respond to Mr Trump’s unfounded accusations that he had wire-tapped him during his presidential campaign and to Mr Trump’s attempts to undo much of Mr Obama’s legacy. Yet Mr Obama stayed away from personal remarks.
However tempting it might be for the former president to comment on Mr Trump’s chaotic assault of Obama-era policies, it is wise for him to remain above the fray. It would probably not discourage Mr Trump from his course and only help to rally Trump supporters. As he embarks on trips to Boston for an awards ceremony and then on to Italy and Germany where he will appear with Angela Merkel, Germany’s chancellor, at the Brandenburg Gate, Mr Obama will no doubt receive more requests to comment on Mr Trump, who is about to mark his first 100 days in office. The professorial former president is likely to continue to counter Mr Trump is his own way, however. “Obama’s Barrage of Complete Sentences Seen as a Brutal Attack on Trump”, joked Andy Borowitz in the New Yorker. “Appearing at his first public event since leaving office, the former President fired off a punishing fusillade of grammatically correct statements”.



ARTICLE
LIKE birds, people tend to move from place to place along established routes. Since the second world war, among the most travelled of these routes in America has been from the “snow belt” in the Midwest and north-east to the “sun belt” in the south and west. The recession that began in 2007 knocked Americans off course for a while, and led to confident predictions that old cities would recover some of their population losses. But people have begun to head southward and westward again.
According to recently released estimates by the census bureau, Maricopa county in Arizona, which includes Phoenix and its suburbs, grew by 222 people a day on average in the year to July 2016. It overtook Harris county in Texas, home to Houston, as the county with the highest annual population growth. Cook county, which includes Chicago, saw the largest population fall in the same period, with a net loss of more than 21,000 people. Seven of America’s eight fastest-growing states are in the west. (In addition to Arizona, they are Colorado, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Utah and Washington; the eighth state is Florida.) Illinois, which contains Chicago, has lost more people than any other state for three years in a row.
People tend to move for work, says William Frey, a demographer at the Brookings Institution, a think-tank. In that respect the west scores highly: Arizona and Nevada are expected to have exceptionally high job growth this year. Mortgages have become easier to obtain in general, and the recovering housing market has enabled retirees to sell up and move to warmer places. Simple fashion plays a part, too: trendy cities like Austin, Denver and San Francisco are drawing many people between the ages of 25 and 35.
Another context is race. Blacks seem especially keen to leave Chicago, and the Midwest in general, for the southern states that many of their ancestors fled about a century ago. Mr Frey calls this “the great migration of blacks in reverse”. In 1970 the Chicago area had the second-largest black population in the country, with some 1.3m residents, more than double the black population of metropolitan Atlanta. Today more blacks live in and around Atlanta than Chicago. And the southern metropolis is much more racially mixed. According to the Urban Institute, a think-tank, Atlanta was the 41st most segregated of 100 large American metropolises in 2010 (down from 21st most segregated in 1990). Chicago ranked tenth.
“Blacks who live in only black areas do much worse in life,” says Edward Glaeser, an economist at Harvard University who specialises in cities. Schools in such areas tend to be poor—the quality of public schools in Chicago’s South Side, where many blacks live, ranges from poor to execrable. The Metropolitan Planning Council, a Chicago think-tank, estimates that regional GDP would be $8bn a year higher if Chicago were only as segregated as the average American metropolis. It is only an educated guess. That segregation is costly is, however, almost certain.



ARTICLE
A MILE of water divides the American village of Morristown from its Canadian neighbour, Brockville. Their economies were once closely linked, with small factories on each bank of the St Lawrence river producing patent medicines such as Dr Morse’s Indian Root Pills and Dr Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People. Old folk remember winters when the river froze, and trees jammed into the ice marked a path to Canada. Both towns are conservative. The elected town supervisor of Morristown, Frank Putnam, a Republican, is especially exercised by welfare spending in his county, a struggling tract of upstate New York sustained by dairy farms, summer tourism and two state prisons.
Now a debate with worldwide resonance has revealed differences between the two settlements. In common with cities across Canada, Brockville has volunteered to host Syrian refugees. Residents, church groups and civic leaders are raising about $25,000 in private funds to sponsor each family for a year. Across the St Lawrence, by contrast, Mr Putnam is sure that the cost of receiving refugees would cause “alarm” in Morristown. He supports President Donald Trump’s attempts to halt refugee arrivals from Syria and impose “extreme vetting” on other travellers. Mr Trump wants a “time-out” to fine-tune security, says Mr Putnam, in private life a salesman for Cowsmopolitan, a magazine for dairy farmers: “Where’s the dirtiness in doing that?”
Brockville is in southernmost Canada, a busily affluent region, Morristown in northernmost New York, an area in long-term decline. These diverging economic fortunes give people “a different outlook”, suggests Mr Putnam. Morristown is not invariably hostile to outsiders, he insists: nearby farms employ Central Americans in jobs that “entitled” locals shun. But many resent being taxed to pay for welfare for less assiduous folk. The terror attacks of September 2001 also left a mark. The border patrol often erects road blocks on the highway; river security can be “extreme”. Canada has been “pretty unscathed” by terrorism, he says, whereas America is “a little gun-shy.”
Yet attitudes to refugees seem too visceral to be explained by economics or recent history alone. An hour down the road from Morristown, in Watertown, reverberations continue from a council meeting last October at which speakers outlined an economic and moral case for welcoming refugees. The council member behind that discussion, Teresa Macaluso, has been accused in local blogs of wanting to import terrorists. Constituents telephoned to thunder: “We look after our own.” At the next meeting, a local shouted about Muslims raping women and beheading people.
The counties around Morristown and Watertown voted decisively for Mr Trump. “People believe in Trump’s rhetoric that refugees are bad,” Ms Macaluso sighs—even though, she says, nearby cities such as Utica have benefited from refugees buying abandoned houses and starting businesses. Ms Macaluso, a retired nurse, is braced for a backlash at her next election in November. If she loses, “So be it.”
Ms Macaluso has allies. The Roman Catholic diocese that covers Morristown and Watertown has called for compassionate immigration laws and is about to twin with a Maronite diocese in Latakia, Syria, offering support to Christians trying to survive there. Father Steven Murray, pastor of Holy Family Church, believes that Watertown will receive refugees one day. “In the present climate,” though, he believes the State Department would not grant the required certification to a refugee committee.
Father Murray, who grew up in the American border town of Ogdensburg, near Morristown, argues that Canada has always been more open. Go back to the 19th and early 20th centuries, when upstate New York boomed and, he says: “We didn’t want the Irish here, then they didn’t want the Italians here.”
In Canada Brockville’s mayor, David Henderson, agrees that security has changed the river: he remembers windsurfing to America as a teenager to buy illicit beers. He also suspects that a big terror attack could shake the broad consensus that has seen over 40,000 Syrians welcomed to Canada since November 2015, about a third of them privately sponsored. Even now, perhaps a fifth of his residents are “uncomfortable” with refugees: he works hard to deal with concerns and rumours. But, crucially, his city of 22,000 people, 95% of them whites of European descent, knows that without new families it will shrink.
The North America that never staged a revolution
Canadians are relatively trusting of the state, adds Jacqueline Schoemaker Holmes, head of “Refugees for Brockville”, an umbrella group for private sponsors. A poll in March found that 41% of Canadians think that recent flows of asylum-seekers across the snowy border from America will make their country less safe—a trend that may yet threaten the vocally pro-refugee stance taken by the prime minister, Justin Trudeau. But to a striking degree, Ms Schoemaker Holmes suggests, Canadians have “faith in their government” to ensure that refugees are given a haven and are properly vetted. Americans seem more “individualistic”.
Brockville’s newest refugee, an engineer from Damascus, arrived in February with his wife and three children. He asks not to be named to protect family still in Syria. The “majority” of Brockvillians have been friendly, he says. He hopes to start a business with Ahmad Khadra, an old friend from Syria who emigrated to Canada in 1995. Though Canada will offer welfare payments to refugees who do not find work, Brockville’s Muslims are anxious that newcomers find jobs. Some refugees have “less than zero education”, concedes Mr Khadra, so parents struggle. But their children are thriving at school; he is sure they will go on to be productive citizens. Mr Khadra thinks Canadian-American differences go back to the War of Independence: only one country chose a revolution. His adopted country is “more civilised, I’m sorry,” he apologises. Spoken like a Canadian.



ARTICLE
IT WAS 11.15pm at the Cummins Unit, the facility on the Arkansas plains where death sentences are supposed to be carried out, and the clock was ticking. Not in the usual way, however: rather than the condemned man, Don Davis, seeking an emergency stay, on April 17th the state was asking the Supreme Court in Washington, DC, to lift one. The death warrant would expire at midnight; if it did, Arkansas might be unable to dispatch Mr Davis for the foreseeable future. That is because its supply of a drug it intended to use in a run of eight back-to-back lethal injections—a glut of executions unprecedented in the modern era—will soon expire, too.
The journalists who had been ushered through the electric fences, then past the watch towers and the incongruous rose garden, drew lots to decide who would serve as witnesses. It was unclear whether there was still time for a legal kill. Finally, at a quarter to midnight, the justices declined to lift the stay. Increasingly and chaotically, a gruesome plan that, had it been realised, might have suggested a revival of America’s death penalty, has come instead to seem further evidence of its anachronism.
Arkansas has an unhappy history of multiple executions: in 1923 a man was taken from his coffin and put back in the electric chair after he was found still to be breathing. Nonetheless, in February Asa Hutchinson, the state’s governor, scheduled eight executions in an 11-day period, two each on four nights, beginning with Mr Davis and Bruce Ward, another convicted murderer. That would have been more than the rest of the country has performed so far this year, and almost half of last year’s national total of 20, which was the lowest since 1991 (see chart). No state has executed two people on the same day since 2000. Arkansas has not executed anyone at all since 2005.
Mr Hutchinson’s haste avowedly stemmed from the trouble that his state, like others, has faced in carrying out legal injections, which had seemed a reassuringly hygienic method, just as the electric chair once did. Because of European export bans and the reluctance of domestic pharmaceutical firms to be involved, states have struggled to obtain the drugs they need. Arkansas is among those to have resorted to unusual shifts, such as importing a batch from a pharmacy run from the back of a driving school in London. Like other states, it has passed rules to cloak its procurement, which, as elsewhere, led to more litigation and delays. The supply it finally secured of midazolam, a sedative, is supposed to be administered by the end of April. When a legal opening arose, Mr Hutchinson issued his warrants.
Quite apart from the oddity of arranging deaths on the basis of a use-by date, midazolam is controversial. Critics say it does not always numb the pain caused by the other drugs, which prevent breathing and stop the heart; it came into fashion only after preferable anaesthetics were withdrawn. It has been implicated in a series of excruciatingly botched procedures, including one in Arizona in which Dale Baich, a public defender, saw his client take nearly two hours to die. It was “by far the most difficult to watch” of the 12 lethal injections Mr Baich has attended. Several states have renounced midazolam; a federal court in Ohio recently blocked its use (though the Supreme Court has permitted it). On April 15th a federal court stayed all the Arkansas executions on the grounds that midazolam might indeed lead to unconstitutional “cruel and unusual” punishment.
That order was reversed on appeal on the afternoon before Mr Davis and Mr Ward were meant to die—the judges ruling, in effect, that their colleague was too squeamish about the risk of pain. Still, this bout of litigation over lethal-injection cocktails was important because of the role of drug companies, two of which filed objections to the use of products apparently procured through middlemen. In separate actions in a county court, McKesson, a distributor, accused Arkansas of obtaining a drug through deception. The original judge in that case granted a restraining order, then lay down on a mock gurney at a protest outside the governor’s mansion; he now faces disciplinary action.
In the end Mr Davis—pictured, top left—was saved by different considerations. The Arkansas Supreme Court issued a stay until the federal one hears a forthcoming case concerning the right of defendants to enlist independent mental-health experts. Mr Ward was covered both by that and a separate ruling regarding his competence to be executed (he hallucinates about dogs at the end of his bed). A third man, Jason McGehee, slated to die on April 27th, won a stay after the parole board recommended clemency.
So many ways to live
“Our country does not participate in mass executions,” lawyers for the men maintained. They may be right. The Arkansas eight are dwindling. Those remaining have likewise been convicted of heinous crimes. On the other hand, say their lawyers, they too can muster mitigating factors: childhood abuse, mental disability, lousy representation at their trials. As The Economist went to press, Stacey Johnson, whose execution was to be on April 20th, had earned a stay to allow him to pursue DNA testing. After yet another ruling, McKesson’s complaint offered hope to Ledell Lee, who shared Mr Johnson’s death date and, like him, protests his innocence.
Arkansas’s officials harrumph about justice being thwarted. But even if, in some cases, they prevail, the rigmarole has shown that there are many sound reasons not to execute someone. Along with the myriad legal objections, it has highlighted the costs to those charged with overseeing the process. A group of former prison officials warned the governor that his eight-kill scheme would impose “unnecessary stress and trauma” on staff at the Cummins Unit and increase the risk of a botch. The state reportedly struggled to find enough citizen witnesses; the prisons chief is said to have solicited volunteers at a Rotary Club event. The waning enthusiasm for the death penalty of another group of laymen—juries—is a big factor in its decline.
Mr Davis spent April 17th in a cell opposite the death chamber. He had been there before, in fact, on another occasion when his demise was forestalled at the 11th hour. In the gathering execution-night mood—part hospital vigil, part crime scene—he was served a last meal, that ghoulish ritual. The state gave up its bid to do away with Mr Ward earlier in the evening, but relatives of both men’s victims were at the prison. They were put “through hell”, said Mr Hutchinson’s spokesman, after the Supreme Court ruled and the clock ticked down. No doubt.



ARTICLE
“NO RUN-OFF”, exhorted a sign at Jon Ossoff’s campaign office in Sandy Springs. As it turned out, in the special election for Georgia’s sixth congressional district on April 18th—for a seat vacated by Tom Price, now Donald Trump’s health secretary—the Democrat fell just short of the 50% needed to avoid a second round. Mr Trump thus narrowly escaped an ominous rebuke in the sort of place Democrats hope to flip in elections next year.
Mr Ossoff was a somewhat unlikely face for the resistance. Just 30 years old, he has managed a short stint as an investigative film-maker and a longer one as a congressional aide. Yet, with 48% of the vote, he almost seized what has been safe Republican territory since the 1970s. He was propelled by three big factors, not all of which will apply elsewhere.
First, Republican voters in the district—a stretch of mostly well-heeled, white and well-educated Atlanta suburbs—were never wild about Mr Trump. He only just prevailed there in November, whereas Mr Price, and Mitt Romney in 2012, won it thumpingly. That left the Republicans in the race ambivalent about how tightly to embrace him; the most devoted of them fared badly. And—second—there were lots of Republicans in the race: 11 in what was an open contest. They split their vote and spent a lot of time attacking each other.
Third, Mr Ossoff was buoyed by an astonishing surge of donations—he raised more than $8m, mostly from elsewhere in America—and by legions of volunteers. A group of women waving “Vote your Ossoff!” signs in Dunwoody said that they had been shaken out of political timidity by Mr Trump’s antics and the women’s march in Washington. Mr Ossoff, one claimed, is “wise beyond his years.”
The man himself tried both to channel the anti-Trump indignation and to insist that local issues mattered, too. For his part the president criticised Mr Ossoff on Twitter and in a robocall to voters. “Glad to be of help!”, he tweeted, as Mr Ossoff fell short. Possibly the millions of dollars’ worth of attack adverts funded by outside Republican groups had more impact. Mr Ossoff was variously portrayed as a stooge of Democratic bigwigs, an associate of terrorists (his company has worked for Al Jazeera) and wearing a Han Solo costume at college. “I threaten the entrenched special interests,” he explains.
The question now is whether he can prevail against a unified Republican front. His opponent on June 20th will be Karen Handel, a former Georgia secretary of state and failed candidate for governor and the Senate. Moreover, can Democrats who do not benefit from the zany dynamics of his campaign hope for the same momentum, especially when the first shock of Mr Trump’s rise wears off? “We are changing the world,” Mr Ossoff told supporters on election night. We shall see.



ARTICLE
IN THE aftermath of the 2016 presidential election, much blame was heaped on social media for fuelling partisan rancour. Even Mark Zuckerberg, the boss of Facebook, considered the idea that social media may have enabled the spread of "fake news" and helped exacerbate political polarisation. But recent analysis suggests that the part of the electorate that has become more polarised is not one commonly associated with social media platforms, but old people. And social media may provide a partial solution.
The authors of the report, Levi Boxell, Matthew Gentzkow at Stanford University and Jesse Shapiro at Brown University, accept there is strong evidence of growing polarisation in terms of measures like "straight-ticket" voting: selecting one party’s candidates for every race on the ballot. But they argue that demographic evidence points away from social media as a cause. Social media use is concentrated amongst young people—around four out of five adults under the age of 40 used applications like Facebook and Twitter in 2012 compared to one in five of those above 65. The polarisation problem is concentrated amongst older voters. For adults under the age of 40, there is very little evidence of growing polarisation between 1996 and 2012 while there is a dramatic increase amongst those 75 and older. The polarisation amongst the old will have been skewed towards the right: 55% of voters above the age of 65 voted for Donald Trump compared to 31% of those aged 18 to 29.  
Between 2010 and 2050, the proportion of America's population that is over 65 will increase from 13% to 21%. That will leave the whole country looking like Florida does today. And it will have a dramatic impact on health-care costs, social security spending and economic performance. Population ageing is linked to lower labour productivity and labour force participation. Nicole Maestas, Kathleen J. Mullen and David Powell, writing for the National Bureau of Economic Research, estimate that America's annual GDP growth will slow by 1.2 percentage points this decade and 0.6 percentage points next because of it. 
And yet, older voters are likely to stand in the way of bipartisan fixes to the economic problems that an aging population helps to exacerbate. For example, older people are among the groups most opposed to health-care reform. It is hardly surprising that older voters are also considerably less likely to think that social security and Medicare spending might be too much of a financial burden on younger generations according to Pew polling. Old people are also opposed to perhaps the most straightforward fix to aging populations and low growth: importing young working-age people with comparatively high fertility rates. 
Indeed, Glenn Rayp of Ghent University and colleagues Ilse Ruyssen and Samuel Standaert find that as populations age, countries are more likely to restrict immigration. They suggest “the voting behaviour of the elderly is driven less by economic considerations—i.e. the (partial) relief immigration might provide to cope with the burden of an aging population—but rather dominated by other motivations or cultural concerns.” This certainly applies in the case of America: according to Pew surveys, 76% of those born after 1980 suggest immigrants strengthen the country compared to 41% of those born between 1928 and 1945.
If younger people are to ensure that the current generation of retirees doesn’t imperil their future, they need increased political clout. And here, much-vilified social media might provide part of the answer. Voter turnout among voters aged under 30 run as much as twenty percentage points below turnout for the over-60 age group. The internet can help close that gap. Michael Xenos of the University of Wisconsin-Madison with his colleagues Ariadne Vromen and Brian Loader studied social media use across Australia, Britain and America. In all three countries they found that social media use among young people is associated with greater political engagement. Perhaps, then, Facebook can help ensure that America is still great when millennials are retiring.



ARTICLE
ON OCTOBER 7th, 1996, on Fox News Channel’s first day of broadcasting, Bill O’Reilly lamented to viewers that television news was “mostly a rehash of what most educated viewers already know.” He promised he would be different.
More than two decades later, Americans can lament that Mr O’Reilly delivered on his promise. “The O’Reilly Factor” helped usher in an era of television “news” that educated viewers definitely did not know: that al-Qaeda had links with Saddam Hussein before the Iraq war; that the science on climate change was not settled; that white people were more likely to be killed by police than black Americans. Mr O’Reilly was television’s most successful purveyor of fake news long before there was a name for it.
On April 19th Mr O’Reilly was forced out of Fox News amid an escalating scandal over sexual-harassment lawsuits and allegations against him. A report in the New York Times—detailing payments of $13m he and the network made to five women—was followed by a massive exodus of advertisers from his show. The network, run by Rupert Murdoch, was initially supportive of Mr O’Reilly, but Mr Murdoch’s sons James, chief executive of 21st Century Fox (the parent company of Fox News), and Lachlan, co-executive chairman of Fox, reportedly pushed for his exit. Almost precisely the same story played out last year when Roger Ailes, the founding chief of Fox News, was forced out in his own sexual-harassment scandal (after which Mr O’Reilly defended Mr Ailes on his show).
Mr O’Reilly will be remembered for the harassment allegations that forced him out, and which he denies. But his enduring political legacy, shared with Mr Ailes, will be the corrosion of public discourse in America. In 2004 Media Matters for America, an activist group, awarded Mr O’Reilly its inaugural “Misinformer of the Year” award (for which he beat out fellow Fox News personalities like Sean Hannity). In 2005 Stephen Colbert, a comedian, created a show for “Comedy Central” based almost entirely on Mr O’Reilly’s, “The Colbert Report”, hosted by a mock right-wing presenter, “Stephen Colbert”. Beginning with the first episode, Mr Colbert championed the term “truthiness”, or telling things “from the gut” without the need for inconvenient facts (a word Mr Colbert put in quotation marks).
Mr Colbert’s lampooning style made millions laugh (even, at first, Mr O’Reilly, who had Mr Colbert appear in character on his own show). But in his parallel universe, Mr O’Reilly’s style was no less influential, and to less amusing effect. For 16 straight years “The O’Reilly Factor” was the top-rated show in cable news. Nightly his rants—calling “Black Lives Matter”, the activist movement against police killings of black Americans, a "hate America group", or accusing the left of trying to use immigration to destroy “traditional America”—reached a sympathetic audience of several million, mostly white, mostly older Americans. In the first few months this year, with the election of Donald Trump (who appeared on his programme), he was even more popular, with an average nightly audience of 4m viewers, according to Nielsen.
Even his own sexual-harassment scandal did not dent Mr O’Reilly’s ratings. Though advertisers abandoned him, worried about potential damage to their brands, his viewers remained loyal to the end. They got what they wanted from Mr O’Reilly. Something quite different from what most educated viewers already knew.



ARTICLE
ON APRIL 12th almost 1,500 economists of varied political hues wrote to Donald Trump, urging him to consider the advantages of immigration. The benefits to America “far outweigh” the costs, they explained. Not only are immigrants often skilled (especially in the sciences) and entrepreneurial, they also tend to be young. As the baby-boom generation enters retirement, a demographic counterweight will come in handy.
Mr Trump, who did not win the presidency by listening to economists, proceeded to order a review of high-skilled visas on April 18th. The order is vague; his language was not. “We’re going to defend our workers, protect our jobs and finally put America first,” he said. On this issue the wonks can stand firm: highly educated immigrants are indisputably good for America. Still, they should not claim too much. As a treatment for America’s long-term budgetary malaise, immigration is probably more of a painkiller than a cure.
The effects of immigration are hard to calculate, for three reasons. The first concerns timing. Were it not for immigrants and their children, the working-age population would be shrinking (see chart 1). More workers means the cost of supporting retirees is spread over more people. But these new taxpayers will eventually retire and claim benefits themselves. By 2050 nearly a third of the foreign-born population is expected to be over 65.
A second difficulty is that the costs and benefits of immigration fall on different levels of government. Workers pay federal taxes, but get comparably little back from the central government until they retire. In the interim, state governments pay to educate their children, at an average cost of $11,000 a year per child.
Consider a related issue—the effect of legalising illegal immigrants already in America. The immigration reform that passed the Senate in 2013, only to fail in the House of Representatives, would have reduced deficits by 0.1% of GDP in its first decade and 0.2% of GDP in its second, according to official estimates. That bill would have provided a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants, which would have made them eligible for social security after ten years of work. Yet the cost of these pension promises was largely invisible, and even the short-term estimates covered only the federal budget. The Heritage Foundation, a conservative think-tank, claims that the full cost of a so-called “amnesty”—ignoring other parts of the reform—is $5.3trn over 50 years, assuming no future changes to entitlement spending.
The final problem is the number of fiddly assumptions needed to work out the fiscal contribution of anyone, let alone immigrants. How, for instance, should analysts treat spending on public goods, such as defence? This need not rise with population, but in practice it tends to. At what rate should they discount the tax payments of immigrants’ descendants? How might taxation and spending change in future?
A large panel of economists, convened by the National Academies, has tried to untangle this mess. Last September they estimated the fiscal impact of immigrants over 75 years, under different sets of assumptions. One scenario is shown in chart 2. It ignores public goods and assumes that taxes and spending grow at the same rate as productivity. It shows that, like natives, immigrants tend to benefit the treasury only if they are well-educated. The net contribution of an immigrant with a bachelor’s degree is worth over $200,000 now. A thinly educated immigrant costs $115,000.
Broadly, immigrants to America are less educated than natives. In recent years, 21% had less than a high-school education, compared with 7% of American-born folk. This brings down their estimated fiscal contribution over 75 years to $92,000 each (under the given assumptions). If all immigrants, rather than only recent ones, are counted, the number turns negative.
Might low-skilled immigrants instead contribute to the coffers by having plenty of children? Immigrants have a fertility rate (the number of children per women) of 2.3, compared with 1.9 among natives. Their children are more socially mobile, which also helps. Partly as a result, a 25-year-old immigrant is almost always a better bet for the public purse than a 25-year-old native with a comparable education.
Yet immigrants’ social mobility is still low in absolute terms. Children of foreign-born parents who did not finish high school are thought to have less than a one-in-fifteen chance of graduating from college. The descendants of low-skilled immigrants are likely to remain a fiscal drag.
Even on the rosiest assumptions, much more immigration than is feasible would be needed to support the greying native population. The most generous model values the likely net fiscal contributions of a graduate immigrant of working age, and of his or her descendants, at a little over $500,000 over 75 years. A rough calculation suggests that almost 40m such immigrants would need to arrive immediately in order to fill the hole caused by social-security payments and hospital visits for the over-65s. They would have to be followed by 36m more by 2047—arrivals that are already baked into budgetary forecasts. Migration on such a scale seemed unlikely even before the immigrant-bashing Mr Trump came along.
Whether they come as immigrants or as babies, new arrivals cannot change the fact that America promises more in benefits to its residents than it takes from them in taxes. Highly skilled migrants help the public finances—more so, probably, than comparably educated natives. But they cannot provide much of an escape from the coming fiscal squeeze.



ARTICLE
CHISELLED in granite on a post office in Manhattan is the United States Postal Service’s unofficial motto: “Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds.” Dogs sometimes do, though. The number of canine attacks on postal workers has climbed from 5,581 in 2013 to 6,755 in 2016. Most attacks occur in cities, where postal workers often walk to make deliveries. Los Angeles has the worst record, with 80 dog attacks last year, followed by Houston with 62.
Thanks to e-mail, online banking and the like, the postal service delivers many fewer letters than it used to. The volume of first-class mail it handles has dropped from 91bn items in 2008 to 61bn in 2016. But internet shopping has led to a jump in parcel deliveries—up from 3.3bn to 5.2bn in the same period. Posties with parcels often knock on doors, which gives the dogs an opportunity.
Following a rise in canine attacks in 2015, the post office launched an app on postal workers’ hand-held scanners that warns of dogs at certain houses. Owners of repeat offenders are told to pick up post at a nearby post office. If a loose dog plagues a postman, delivery to an entire neighbourhood can be suspended. Carriers are also trained to use their satchels as barriers and carry pepper spray. Some carry dog biscuits to distract aggressive and hungry mutts.
Dog attacks cost the postal service $2.8m in medical compensation and other expenses last year, up from $1.2m in 2011. Half of the attacks in 2016 required medical treatment or time off from the mail route. The postal service has asked customers to put dogs in a different room before opening the door. But the danger is unlikely to disappear. Another reason to hope that Amazon can make drone deliveries work—though those drones could be worth a nibble, too.



ARTICLE
ALTHOUGH Donald Trump occasionally pokes it in the ribs, the fight seems to have gone out of the Republican effort to reform America’s health-care system. That is a shame, not because the first attempt at reform was well-judged, but because the system badly needs attention. Seven years after Obamacare became law, health care remains ruinously expensive.
Even as the number of people without insurance has fallen, the proportion of Americans who struggle to pay for treatment has hardly budged. In February of this year, 29% of people said they or a family member had struggled to pay a medical bill, according to a poll by the Kaiser Family Foundation; in March 2010, 30% said the same thing. About 60% of the strugglers in the latest poll had used up most or all of their savings; nearly three-quarters had cut back spending on food, clothes and basic household items.
Strikingly, 30% of people with health insurance reported struggling—not much lower than the 41% without insurance who did so (retired people, who are covered by a government scheme, fared better: only 20% said they struggled). One reason is that insurers have been passing on more medical charges to patients. A typical insurance plan has a long list of things for which patients must pay a share. In high-deductible plans, which are increasingly popular, families must pay at least $2,600 before any insurance kicks in. Last year a quarter of employers, through whom most Americans get health insurance, offered only high-deductible plans. Some two-fifths plan to do so in the next three years.
Insurance can be alarmingly patchy. A surgeon who stitches up a patient rushed to the emergency room may not be covered by the patient’s health insurance, even when the procedure takes place at a hospital where a stay would be covered. A survey in 2015 found that a third of Americans with private insurance had received such surprise bills, often from an anaesthetist or another doctor.
Patients often do not help themselves even when they can. Only half of Americans have tried to find out what they would be charged before seeking care, according to a recent survey by Public Agenda, a think-tank. Most people think, wrongly, that all doctors and hospitals charge about the same.
In the public’s defence, health plans are opaque and complicated. Many people do not know what type of plan they have because so many have cryptic names, says Larry Levitt at the Kaiser Family Foundation. Working out costs in advance is so tricky that the University of New Hampshire has started offering education on health-care literacy. David Schleifer, who led the Public Agenda survey, says the task can be mind-boggling. To find out the cost of a hernia operation, he had to peruse the list on the insurer’s website, call the hospital to ask about the specific billing codes for the procedure and then call the insurer to check the patient’s payment for those codes. Those who lack his nous must hope that their health holds.



ARTICLE
WILLIAM, a tractor-trailer driver, leans against his navy blue truck and stares across the highway to the crowded hills of Tijuana. He voted for Donald Trump, but roundly opposes the president’s plans for a new border wall. “People will find a way around any wall. And it’s going to be you and me paying for it,” he warns, as NPR, a public-radio station, streams from his radio. His attitude, which is surprisingly widespread along the border, hints at trouble for the president.
On April 10th the customs and border protection agency announced that it will test prototypes of Donald Trump’s proposed wall somewhere in the Otay Mesa area after it chooses finalists this summer. A barricade covered in solar panels, a wall topped by a monorail and an obstacle course in which one of the barriers is a 100-foot ditch full of nuclear waste are just some of the hundreds of proposals the department will choose from.
Otay Mesa is a natural place to test a wall (which is unlikely to be so whimsical), suggests Eric Frost, who directs the homeland-security graduate programme at San Diego State University. The border crossing is one of the county’s busiest but Otay Mesa still has enough open land for new construction. “The prototypes need to interact with real people and real cars and real trucks. It doesn’t make sense to build them in the middle of the desert,” he says.
The trouble is that Otay Mesa is Democrat territory: the congressional district in which it lies voted overwhelmingly for Hillary Clinton. Nationally, only 8% of Democrats support a new border wall, compared with 74% of Republicans, according to the Pew Research Centre, a think-tank. Moreover, Republicans who live close to Mexico seem less keen on a wall than Republicans farther from the border. Locals are used to the sight of immigrants working at undesirable jobs, explains Silvia Lopez, a registered Republican who sells insurance in an Otay Mesa strip mall. Like other border-dwellers, she knows something that other Americans often forget: “We already have a wall.”
California’s lieutenant-governor, Gavin Newsom, has hinted that California’s powerful environmental laws could stymie building. Obstruction could spread. Of the 22 counties in California, Arizona, New Mexico and Texas that share a border with Mexico, 14 voted for Mrs Clinton last November (see map).
At least the federal government owns a lot of land in southernmost California. In Arizona, a large stretch of the border belongs to the Tohono O’odham, a Native American tribe. In Texas, which has far less fencing than America’s other border states, most border land is in state or private hands. The Trump administration would have to use eminent domain to acquire any private lands—a lengthy process that involves negotiations, value appraisals and, often, lawsuits. Time, perhaps, for Mr Trump to demonstrate his vaunted deal-making skills.



ARTICLE
NEIL GORSUCH sat silently through much of his first oral argument on April 19th in a constitutional case, a church-state battle over funding for pre-school playgrounds in Missouri. But a string of questions he posed to the state’s lawyer just before the end of the hour-long hearing suggests the 113th justice is sympathetic to Trinity Lutheran Church’s claim that its rights were violated when, in 2012, Missouri rejected its bid for a grant to resurface its day-care centre’s playground with used tire scraps. As our preview of the case noted, Trinity Lutheran’s application for the programme was denied, despite being highly rated, because Missouri’s constitution bars state funds from flowing, directly or indirectly, “in aid of any church, sect or denomination of religion”.
America’s separation of church and state has never been a cinch to define. In Everson v Board of Education, the 1947 case first interpreting the First Amendment rule that “Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion”, a 5-4 majority saw no constitutional problem with a New Jersey law reimbursing parents for transporting their children to school, including Catholic schools. But Everson also cited James Madison and Thomas Jefferson in declaring that the establishment clause means that “[n]o tax in any amount, large or small, can be levied to support any religious activities or institutions, whatever they may be called”. In tandem with that somewhat mixed message are 39 state constitutions, including Missouri’s, containing explicit bans on funding for religious institutions. The core question in Trinity Lutheran Church v Comer is whether Missouri’s stricter-than-thou separation of church and state goes so far that it violates the other religion clause of the First Amendment: the ban on prohibiting the free exercise of religion.
David Cortman, the church’s lawyer, opened by telling the justices the school had been excluded from the state programme “solely because the pre-school is operated by a church rather than a secular not-for-profit”. Missouri imposes “special disabilities”, he said, only on religiously affiliated pre-schools. And nothing about the tire-scrap programme has anything to do with advancing religion, Mr Cortman insisted: “what we’re talking about is just a surface.” He then turned to several Supreme Court precedents to argue that it is unconstitutional to force churches to choose between being true to their faith and competing for a grant to make their playgrounds safer.
Mr Cortman faced resistance from Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor, all of whom asked about potentially religious uses of the playground and whether these justify denying Trinity Lutheran the grant. Citing federalism concerns, Ms Kagan wondered if it might make sense for states to have some autonomy “to go their own way and make their own choices”. Ms Sotomayor noted that 39 states have no-aid provisions in their constitutions because they “don’t want to spend money from the public fisc on houses of worship”. She also cast doubt on whether there is a genuine free-exercise concern at issue: “We seem to be confusing money with religious practice. I don’t think the two are tied. This church is not going to close its religious practices or its doors because its playground doesn’t have these tires.”
Once James Layton, the lawyer for Missouri, rose to defend denying the grant to Trinity Lutheran, Elena Kagan seemed to part ways with Ms Sotomayor, her fellow liberal. “[T]his is a clear burden on a constitutional right”, she said to Mr Layton, and “your interests have to rise to an extremely high level” if the exclusion of churches from government grants is to be sustained. Another member of the court’s liberal wing, Stephen Breyer, made noises that suggested he may side with the state. Mr Breyer grew frustrated with Mr Layton’s seeming inability to draw a line between legitimate expenditures of state funds on religious entities and spending that violates the Missouri constitution. First Mr Breyer asked Mr Layton if, in an “imaginary” state, the free-exercise clause is offended if “we give everybody...police protection, but not churches? We give everybody fire protection, but let the church burn down?” Denying basic services like these, Mr Layton acknowledged, including public health services in schools, are too hostile toward religion to be permitted under the federal constitution. Next Mr Breyer asked how the constitution could “permit Missouri to deny money to the same place for helping children not fall in the playground, cut their knees, get tetanus, break a leg, etc” by roping them out of the tire-scrap programme. “What’s the difference?”
Mr Layton offered two unpersuasive reasons states should be compelled to provide churches with police, fire and health protection but remain free to exclude them from playground resurfacing grants. His first, that only the latter is a selective programme with the potential to stir resentment, was roundly attacked by Mr Gorsuch and others. The transparency of the grant process, with 16 objective criteria governing applications, makes it unlikely a Catholic church, say, would begrudge a Protestant church that won a grant when it did not. And as Mr Layton acknowledged, the Missouri constitution would ban funding for all churches for playground improvements just as it bans funding for some. His second proposed distinction, that police protection operates in the shadows while a playground would be “publicly visible” and “the church gets points for telling people in the community that the state paid for this improvement to their church”, fell flat. Mr Layton did not explain why a church would gloat over the fact the state had paid for its new rubberised playground surface; nor did he mention the constitutional significance. His clearest moment came at his last moment at the lectern: "writing a cheque that says 'payable to Trinity Lutheran Church' ought to be on the other side of the line". 
As a lawyer called in to defend Missouri’s decision to exclude Trinity Lutheran, Mr Layton was in a tough spot. The state’s governor announced a change in policy last week under which any pre-school—secular or religious—would now be eligible for a grant. So Mr Layton had to defend Missouri’s original move in 2012 while also explaining why the case is not now moot. As Ms Sotomayor said, it seemed Mr Layton was put in service to “manufactur[e] adversity” and permit the case to go forward. Several justices seemed sceptical that they should rule at all. But if the Supreme Court decides Trinity Lutheran on the merits, it seems a good bet the church wins—maybe by a lopsided vote.



ARTICLE
A MAJOR and complexity-ridden test of America’s religion-state relationship arrives at the Supreme Court on April 19th in the guise of a quaint complaint from a midwestern church. Trinity Lutheran Church of Columbia, Inc v Comer has been on the court’s docket since January 15th, 2016, a month before Justice Antonin Scalia died. But the remaining eight justices, apparently split 4-4 on the merits and awaiting a tie-breaking ninth colleague, put off scheduling it for argument until Donald Trump nominated Neil Gorsuch to the bench two months ago. Now, with Mr Gorsuch robed and ready, a last-minute wrench has been thrown into the works by Missouri’s new Republican governor, Eric Greitens. Mr Greitens's Facebook announcement on April 13th of a change in state policy may give the justices no choice but to dismiss the case rather than resolve it.
The quarrel is whether Missouri violated America’s constitution when, in 2012, it excluded a day-care centre run by the Trinity Lutheran church from a programme providing new, rubberised playground surfaces for pre-schools. The agency doling out the grants ranked the church’s application fifth (out of 44) but—owing to a provision of the Missouri constitution barring aid to churches—turned it down. The church says this denial violated the free-exercise clause of the First Amendment and the equal-protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. To bar a religious organisation from enjoying a neutral state benefit open to all secular institutions is, Trinity Lutheran complains, discriminatory and inconsistent with the constitution’s commitment to religious liberty. A softer playground, its brief reads, is a public benefit “whether it cushions the fall of the pious or the profane”.
Leaving aside the odd implication that two-year-olds are divisible into the categories “pious” and “profane”, the state’s brief replies that “declining to subsidise” a church does not violate its rights. “The people of Missouri have decided, as a matter of state constitutional policy, that public funds may not be directed to churches”, the brief notes, and there are good reasons for the rule: “ensuring that no religious denomination receives preferential treatment over another by the state, respecting taxpayers’ concerns of conscience, and protecting religious institutions from heightened government control”. As for the religious liberty complaint, “nothing about the policy prohibits the church from fully and freely engaging in religious exercise. Trinity Lutheran remains free, without any public subsidy, to worship, teach, pray, and practice any other aspect of its faith however it wishes.”
A main point of contention concerns how to read a 2004 Supreme Court case, Locke v Davey. In Locke, the court considered whether a programme in Washington state providing scholarships for college students in all fields except theology violated the same constitutional provisions under which Trinity Lutheran now claims protection. Joshua Davey, an aspiring double-major in business administration and pastoral ministries, sued when he lost his $1,125 scholarship. But by a 7-2 vote, the court rebuffed Mr Davey, explaining that Washington, in line with a no-aid provision in its own state constitution, “has merely chosen not to fund a distinct category of instruction” and had a “historic and substantial interest” in keeping state funds away from religious activity. The First Amendment rule against religious establishments did not require this exclusion, the court decided, but neither did the free-exercise clause condemn it. Washington’s policy lay within the “play in the joints” between the two religion clauses, a choice “permitted by the establishment clause but not required by the free exercise clause”.
This is the space between the Scylla and Charybdis of the religion clauses where Missouri says its policy falls, too. But Trinity Lutheran attempts to distinguish Locke from its complaint. Missouri’s unwillingness to resurface a church-school’s playground “is as far from Locke as one can conceive”, the school claims: the latter concerned an “essentially religious endeavour” while the former is decidedly secular—protecting tots by giving them a more forgiving surface to play upon.
The implications of a ruling in Trinity Lutheran would extend well beyond who gets state grants for rubbery playgrounds. A win for the state would preserve constitutional provisions keeping state monies out of religious institutions’ coffers in 39 states, while a win for the church would call all of those rules into question. But the justices may not decide the case, after all. On April 13th, Missouri’s governor announced on Facebook that his state’s policy excluding churches from the grant programme is “just wrong”. There are “hundreds of outstanding religious organisations all over the state of Missouri who are doing great work on behalf of kids and families every single day” and “we should be encouraging that work”. “Today”, he concluded, “we are changing that prejudiced policy".
Suddenly, it seems the conflict at the heart of Trinity Lutheran v Comer may no longer be live. Article III of the constitution permits the Supreme Court to weigh in only on “cases and controversies” where two parties are at odds. Without this “adverseness”, a case becomes non-justiciable: the court does not, as a rule, issue advisory opinions on merely theoretical disputes. With this concern in mind, the justices reacted to Mr Greitens’s announcement by asking for guidance from the parties. Letters to the court explaining the parties’ “views on whether this case is affected by the press release relating to access to Missouri grant programmes” were due by April 18th at noon, 22 hours before the hearing in the case is set to begin. After considering those letters, the justices might call off the hearing and dismiss the case. More likely, the invitation to the parties will not be rescinded, but the oral argument on April 19th will begin with an extended discussion of whether the case—the longest-coming and one of the most highly anticipated of the term—is now moot.



ARTICLE
FEW of Donald Trump’s campaign promises are as memorable as his pledge to build a “big, beautiful wall” along America’s southern border. But while the planned barrier may play well with Mr Trump's base, it addresses a problem that has largely abated. Illegal immigration has been declining since 2007. A new study by economists Gordon Hanson, Chen Liu and Craig McIntosh of the University of California, San Diego argues that it will fall further still.
During the economic boom of the 1990s and early 2000s, unauthorised immigrants, mainly from Mexico, flocked to America. The total number of undocumented immigrants rose from 3.5m in 1990 to a peak of 12.2m in 2007, but came to a halt after the financial crisis, according to The Pew Research Centre, a think-tank. Part of this decline has been a result of policy: the Obama administration made it a priority to stem the flow of immigrants, while also shielding long-term residents. But economic and demographic trends have also played a part.
Flows of legal immigrants are largely fixed because of the visa system. In contrast, flows of illegal immigrants are more dependent on economic considerations. During the financial crisis in American, as wage growth slowed, Mexican workers with lower education levels had less reason to move north. Given the long-term decline in wages for low-skilled workers in America, this trend is not likely to reverse.
Demographic changes have also made a difference. While America's baby boom ended in the early 1960s, Latin America’s birth rate fell more gradually. This mismatch meant that there was a large stock of young Latin American workers who could drastically improve their earnings by emigrating. But birth rates in Latin America have since almost converged with those in the United States (see chart). Using a model that incorporates both demographic and economic factors, Mr Hansen and his colleagues predict that migration from Latin America will fall sharply over the next two decades, wall or no wall.
The Obama administration's policy, meanwhile, has had two effects on the demographic profile of America's illegal immigrants. First, fewer young migrants are entering the country. Second, those who haven't been deported are staying on for longer: the share of undocumented immigrants who have lived in America for at least ten years has risen from 41% in 2005 to 66% in 2014. Recent work by George Borjas of Harvard University shows that while wages have historically been lower for illegal immigrants than legal immigrants or native-born citizens, they are rapidly rising. Republicans are reluctant to go after this group; Mr Trump has at times said that he wants the “good ones” to have a have path to legal residency.
America has been fortunate to have a supply of young migrants to bolster its workforce, but this advantage is fading fast. Five million Mexican-born immigrants aged between 15 and 40 years old currently live in the United States, but that number is expected to plummet in the coming decades. Mr Hanson notes that the population of undocumented immigrants who stay in America is ageing, and because they are not covered by Medicare or Medicaid, they will eventually be faced with the choice of either paying high medical bills or returning to their native countries. The main problem with illegal immigrants in America is not how to prevent new arrivals but rather what to do with the 11.1m or so who remain in the country in limbo. Tackling this problem will be much harder than building a wall. 



ARTICLE
A COUPLE of days after the chemical weapons attack in Syria, some Twitter users in America began sharing a theory: the pictures had been concocted as a pretext for launching a missile attack. The notion was endorsed by Alex Jones, who runs a website called Infowars, which has successfully spread the idea that the Sandy Hook school shooting in Connecticut was a hoax and that Hillary Clinton was involved in a paedophile ring run from a pizzeria in Washington, DC. Mr Jones was until recently a fervent supporter of Donald Trump. Campaigning last year, candidate Trump returned the favour: “Your reputation is amazing, I will not let you down,” Mr Trump said. Now, it seems, he has.
The story of how Mr Jones fastened onto his Syria conspiracy has been pieced together by Ben Nimmo and Donara Barojan of the Atlantic Council, a think-tank. It begins in Syria, where a pro-Assad website published an article claiming that those who came to the aid of the attack’s victims were not wearing protective gloves, and therefore it must be a hoax. It also claimed that a TV station had inadvertently announced plans to cover the strike before it had taken place. This idea was then picked up by several websites, including the Centre for Research on Globalisation, a hub for conspiracy theories and fake stories.
From there it was a short hop to American conspiracy sites, such as Mr Jones’s Infowars, which claimed the whole thing was a “false-flag” operation funded by George Soros. Mike Cernovich, another conspiracy theorist, took a similar line and spread the phrase #SyriaHoax. It was given a bump by computer programs used to boost stories on social media (one Twitter account used #SyriaHoax 155 times). A foreign government might have had a hand in this: the Senate has heard testimony that Russia used this technique to spread fake news stories during last year’s election. Since April 6th, #SyriaHoax has been used in 192,000 tweets—85% of which originated in the United States. The hashtag reached 13.6m Twitter users in a single hour according to Keyhole, a social-media analytics firm. And that is how some self-publicists, posing as American patriots, became apologists for the Assad regime, which drops poison gas on children.
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this story said that Mike Cernovich has been praised by President Trump. That was wrong and has been removed. It was Donald Trump Jr. who said of Mr Cernovich, “in a long gone time of unbiased journalism he’d win the Pulitzer”. Sorry.



ARTICLE
THE salvoes of cruise missiles Bill Clinton launched in August 1998, against a suspected chemical-weapons factory in Sudan and an al-Qaeda camp in Afghanistan, were considered by many American lawmakers to be ineffectual, or worse. Mr Clinton had admitted canoodling with Monica Lewinsky three days earlier—had he taken his cue from a recent Hollywood film, “Wag the Dog”, in which a fictional president invents a war to shift attention from a sex scandal? By contrast, the strikes Donald Trump launched on the Shayrat air base in Syria on April 6th, which were of similarly limited size and ambition—designed to make a point, not war—have been feted, on the left and right, as a well-judged action by a commander-in-chief who may be starting to find his feet. Hillary Clinton, Mr Trump’s defeated Democratic rival, said she would have acted similarly. “Donald Trump became president!” said Fareed Zakaria, a liberal pundit, on CNN.
The contrasting responses to these strikes, almost two decades apart, illustrate the extent to which foreign policy is often judged more on its domestic political context than its prospects of success. Mr Clinton’s point, that the Islamist rulers in Kabul and Khartoum should stop succouring Osama bin Laden, and Mr Trump’s, that Bashar al-Assad should stop gassing his fellow Syrians, both justified military action. Visibly upset by television images of dead Syrian children, Mr Trump explained his salvo in a tone of admirable moral outrage. “Even beautiful babies were cruelly murdered in this very barbaric attack,” he said. “No child of God should ever suffer such horror.” Yet Mr Trump’s raid had two additional things going for it.
First, the modest military action Mr Clinton preferred doesn’t look so bad compared with what followed. After George W. Bush’s costly wars, then Barack Obama’s failure to enforce a “red-line” warning against Mr Assad’s chemical weapons use, many Americans want to bloody the Syrian dictator’s nose, but not war. Second, there is indeed evidence that Mr Trump is adopting a more conventional foreign policy. And almost everyone who applauded his missile strike is desperately keen, given the president’s erstwhile indifference to America’s international standing and inattention to geopolitics, to encourage that orthodox drift. For the same reasons, however, they are liable to be disappointed.
A call from HR
The growing orthodoxy can be mainly attributed to the influence of Mr Trump’s impressive national-security team. At the National Security Council, H.R. McMaster has been cleaning shop following the enforced exit of his short-lived predecessor, Michael Flynn. A respected Russia analyst, Fiona Hill, has been hired. Mr McMaster’s deputy, K.T. McFarland, a former Fox News talking-head with scant qualifications for such an important role, is being eased off to an untaxing ambassadorship. James Mattis, the defence secretary, and Rex Tillerson, the secretary of state, are supportive of these changes; like Mr McMaster, they are experienced managers, with orthodox views and to varying degrees project an aura of authority, despite the fact that almost none of their subordinates, the political appointees upon whom cabinet chiefs depend, have been appointed.
Their efforts have also been assisted by reality, which has tended to make Mr Trump’s erstwhile foreign-policy impulses appear untenable. Having argued that America’s interests were best served by leaving Mr Assad in place—and, for the same reason, having warned Barack Obama back in 2013 not to launch the missile strike that he now blames him for not launching—Mr Trump found the televised images of the Syrian dictator’s attack on Khan Sheikhoun too repugnant to ignore. Having refused to criticise Russia’s president, Vladimir Putin, whose authoritarian leadership Mr Trump admires, he is now digesting reports that the Russians had warning of the attack, then bombed the hospital to which its victims had been sent in an attempt to destroy the evidence.
These pressures—able cabinet chiefs and a world less amenable to major foreign-policy revisions than Mr Trump supposed—will endure. So the drift to orthodoxy will probably continue, but with two equally important caveats. First, Mr Trump’s willingness to take and abruptly abandon radical positions, like the clubhouse commander-in-chief he resembles in all ways except one (he actually is the commander-in-chief), will still impinge on American foreign policy. An almost untrammelled preserve of the presidency, it tends to reflect the character of its incumbent more than any other branch of policymaking: under Mr Clinton, foreign policy was ingenious, but sometimes too tactical; under Mr Bush, it was well-meaning, but arrogant and rash; under Mr Obama, it was intellectually coherent, yet at times inflexible. Mr Trump’s foreign policy is also shaping up in his image. Well-judged though the missile strike was, it is astonishing that he could have conducted such a momentous policy about-turn in a matter of hours on the strength of a news report.
Mr Trump’s able lieutenants will not be able to compensate fully for such presidential foibles—as has been apparent in the confused messages coming out of the administration on what the strike augurs for Mr Trump’s Syria policy and use of force. Mr Tillerson, having at first cautioned against thinking it augured anything, declared on April 10th that Mr Trump’s America would henceforth be an avenging angel for human rights: “We rededicate ourselves to holding to account any and all who commit crimes against the innocents anywhere in the world.” Sean Spicer, the White House spokesman, seconded that: “If you gas a baby, if you put a barrel bomb into innocent people, I think you will see a response from this president.” That did not sound very “America First”, the principle of narrow national interest Mr Trump preaches. Sure enough, Mr Spicer, who has had a middling week—to emphasise Mr Assad’s heinousness, he said that even Hitler didn’t “sink to using chemical weapons”, a bizarre claim—later issued a retraction. “Nothing has changed in our posture,” he clarified. “The president retains the option to act in Syria against the Assad regime whenever it is in the national interest”. Mr Trump, in short, reserves the right to do something, or nothing.
The second big caveat to Mr Trump’s acceptance of reality concerns two areas where his views are both fixed and outside the bipartisan consensus that has generally defined foreign policy since the second world war. One is immigration, especially of Muslims, which Mr Trump wants to curb. The other, probably more important, is America’s terms of trade, which Mr Trump believes are grossly unfair. Here, too, there has been tentative reassurance. His immigration curbs have been blocked by the courts. The meeting Mr Trump held with Xi Jinping on April 6th and 7th appears to have been civil and anodyne. But it would be unwise to bank on Mr Trump jettisoning the only political views he has consistently held over decades. In the end, the couple of areas where the president has firm views seem likely to matter more than the many areas where he has none.



ARTICLE
The use of the GBU-43/B bomb on April 13th against an Islamic State (IS) tunnel complex in Afghanistan’s wild eastern province of Nangarhar has caused a flurry of excitement. In service since 2003, this was first time the Massive Ordnance Air Blast weapon (popularly known as the “mother of all bombs”) has been dropped.
It is the most powerful bomb in America’s non-nuclear inventory, weighing about 22,000 pounds and carrying an explosive yield of about 11 tons of TNT. With its blast area of nearly a mile in all directions, it was designed primarily as a weapon to clear concentrations of fairly soft defences. It works by creating blast overpressure rather than by direct explosive effect. It can only be used in relatively uncontested air space because it has to be dropped close to the target by a lumbering cargo plane, such as a C-130 or C-17.
As such, it is easy to see why it was the weapon of choice to help Afghan forces pitted against well-dug-in IS fighters in a part of the country where the risk to civilians was minimal. It is likely that there were also American military “advisers” with the Afghans: a US Army special-forces soldier had been killed in the same region a few days earlier. Although the use of the GBU-43 has produced headlines of the kind that Donald Trump, in the afterglow of the cruise-missile attack on Syria, relishes, its significance should not be overstated as a military game-changer. Its smaller predecessor, the BLU-82, was used several times against the Taliban in late 2001, including during the battle of Tora Bora.
What the GBU-43 deployment does do, however, is to provide further evidence that Mr Trump is giving his generals a good deal more freedom than Barack Obama did to prosecute military campaigns in the way they see fit. Mr Obama had already slightly loosened the rules of engagement for the 8,500 American forces in Afghanistan, (6,000 are committed to the “train, advise and assist” mission, which also includes 5,000 NATO troops from other countries, and 2,500 to counter-terrorism), but Mr Trump is likely to go further.
The IS threat in Afghanistan has been reduced over the past year, their numbers falling from about 3,000 to fewer than 800. Mainly dissident former Taliban fighters who have been attracted to the IS brand, they have failed to gain much traction and may soon fade away. But the same cannot be said of the Taliban. In testimony to the Senate Armed Services Committee in February, the American commander in Afghanistan, General John Nicholson, warned that current American troop levels are insufficient to prevent the Taliban from continuing to retake territory, especially in Helmand province, the heartland of the insurgency, and Kunduz in the north.
Mr Trump’s national security adviser, H. R. McMaster, is soon to visit Afghanistan and will return with his recommendations on how the new administration should continue to prosecute America’s longest war. If the use of the “mother of all bombs” is any guide, General Nicholson will get the “few thousand” more troops he has been pleading for, combined with a much more assertive air campaign.
Unlike Mr Obama, who was always sceptical of military advice to do more, Mr Trump appears smitten with his generals. Crowing over the use of the GBU-43, Mr Trump said: “We have the greatest military in the world. We have given them total authorisation, and that’s what they’re doing, and frankly, that’s why they’ve been so successful lately.”



ARTICLE
REX TILLERSON tends to shy away from the glare of publicity, but this week he was unable to avoid it. On April 12th America's secretary of state arrived in Russia amid heightened tensions between the two countries, particularly over Syria. When Mr Tillerson's plane touched down in Moscow, it was not even clear whether President Vladimir Putin would deign to meet with him. He did, for a full two hours. But the atmosphere was far from cordial. The two men sparred over Syria's use of chemical weapons against its own citizens and over Russia’s interference in the American election.
“There is a low level of trust between our countries,” Mr Tillerson said afterwards at a press conference with Sergey Lavrov, the Russian foreign minister, who had also attended the meeting. “The world’s two foremost nuclear powers cannot have this kind of relationship.”
The meeting is further evidence of a sharp deterioration in relations between the two countries since Donald Trump became president. During last year's election campaign, Mr Trump regularly sang Mr Putin’s praises—“very smart!”—contrasting his popularity among Russians favourably with then-president Barack Obama’s standing in America. He dismissed evidence that the Russians had hacked Democratic Party leaders’ emails during the election campaign, preferring to denigrate American intelligence agencies. As recently as early February, Mr Trump said there were “a lot of killers” after Bill O’Reilly of Fox News described Mr Putin as a “killer” and even questioned whether his own country was “so innocent”. All this seemed to indicate that Mr Trump saw Mr Putin as a potential partner, even ally.
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad’s apparently put a stop to this cordiality when he launched a chemical attack on a Syrian town on April 4th, killing at least 80 civilians. Two days later America fired 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles at the airbase in central Syria from which it claimed Mr Assad’s attack had been launched. Mr Trump said the attack was a limited measure to deter Mr Assad against any future use of chemical weapons.
The move incensed Russia, even though Mr Trump had warned Mr Putin just before firing the missiles. Since its first deployment of air power in Syria in 2015, Russia has kept Mr Assad in power and helped him recover territory. Russia and Iran remain Mr Assad’s strongest backers. Mr Putin’s office called the strike on Syria a violation of international law and a “significant blow” to the Russian-American relationship. Dmitri Medvedev, the Russian prime minister, claimed that the strike “completely ruined” Russian-American relations. On April 12th Mr Lavrov repeated the Russian position that facts about the use of nerve gas by Mr Assad still needed to be verified and denounced the media's “hysteria” about the attack.
On his visit to Moscow, Mr Tillerson, a recipient of Russia's order of friendship, who knows the country well from his days as boss of ExxonMobil, tried to repair some of the damage done in the past week. He agreed with Mr Lavrov to establish a working group to examine the major sticking points in American-Russian relations, in particular the crises in Syria, North Korea and Ukraine. But the two foreign ministers were unable to find common ground on Russia’s interference in the American presidential election, which Mr Tillerson now considers an indisputable fact. In response Mr Lavrov gave his counterpart a long lecture on American efforts to achieve “regime change” around the world, citing Serbia, Libya and Iraq. He described all of these efforts as failures, implying that the same would happen if America got more involved in Syria.
Russia's veto on April 12th of a western-backed resolution at the United Nations Security Council condemning the chemical weapons attack did not improve relations. It was the eighth time in the six-year-old Syria conflict that Russia used its veto power to help its Syrian protégé. This time even China, which usually votes with Russia on Syria resolutions, abstained.
In the early days of his presidency Mr Obama, too, tried to reset Russian-American relations. By the end of his term in office Russia had annexed Crimea, stirred up conflict elsewhere in Ukraine and teamed up with Mr Assad. Mr Trump apparently set out for a far more sweeping strategic realignment with Russia. His efforts have crashed much more quickly and dramatically.



ARTICLE
IT SEEMED a little strange when, in an interview with the Washington Post in March of 2016, Donald Trump named Carter Page as a foreign-policy adviser. No one in the world of international relations seemed to have heard of him; even among expats in Moscow, where Mr Page spent a few years with Merrill Lynch before starting his own energy consultancy, he was scarcely remembered. Fairly soon Mr Trump’s campaign began to disavow him. The White House will doubtless do so even more vigorously after news that investigators strongly suspected he was working as an agent of Vladimir Putin’s government.
Citing anonymous sources, the Post now reports that last summer the FBI and the Justice Department sought and received a warrant to monitor Mr Page’s communications from a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISA). To accomplish that, they had to persuade a judge that there was “probable cause” to believe Mr Page was acting as a foreign agent. Court records already in the public domain show that a man subsequently identified as Mr Page interacted with a Russian spook, who was posing as a diplomat, in New York in 2013 (Mr Page says only publicly available material was exchanged). He made an interestingly timed visit to Moscow last July, during which he made a speech that was highly critical of American foreign policy (he says the visit was unrelated to the campaign). He has acknowledged speaking briefly with the Russian ambassador at the Republican National Convention.
None of that, of course, means that he was (or is) a foreign agent. He denies all wrongdoing and has offered to testify to the congressional committees that are probing Russia’s role in the election; no criminal charges have been brought against him. And some of the rumours and allegations swirling around him seem somewhat far-fetched—such as the idea that, while in Moscow last year, he met with Igor Sechin, boss of Rosneft, the state-controlled energy giant and among the country’s most powerful figures. Indeed, on the basis of the interviews he has given, Mr Page seems an unlikely conduit for high-level transactions. The Russian spy he met in New York reportedly considered him “an idiot”.
Still, neither Mr Trump, nor for that matter the Russian intelligence services, have an unvarnished record of recruiting geniuses. And for all the insistences that Mr Page’s role in the campaign was marginal—both he and Mr Trump say they never met—the revelation of the FISA warrant is significant. Mr Trump’s critics will see it as powerful proof that those congressional inquiries, and the FBI’s underlying investigation into his campaign’s Russian links, should persevere—despite the apparent cooling in Russian-American relations since Mr Trump ordered missile strikes against Syria last week.
For its part the White House may reiterate its prior claim that the whole idea of collusion is a witch hunt, distance itself from Mr Page again, or both. Mr Page himself seems to have been caught between downplaying his own role in the campaign and preserving his personal dignity. In a letter to the Justice Department he claimed to have been the victim of “hate crimes” and “human-rights violations” by Hillary Clinton’s team, in part on the basis that he is a Roman Catholic and a man. He reportedly regards the FISA news as more evidence of his unjust persecution. 
Perhaps he will ultimately be vindicated. Ask yourself this, however: how would the Republican Party and its supporters have responded if, while Barack Obama was president, a person he had named as a foreign-policy adviser had been found to be the subject of a FISA warrant?



ARTICLE
KALIEF BROWDER was 16 years old when he was arrested for allegedly stealing a backpack. When his family could not pay bail, he was sent to Rikers Island, New York’s largest jail. There he spent around 800 days in solitary confinement; he was beaten by guards and other inmates and tried several times to kill himself. Because his hearings were delayed, he ended up spending three years on Rikers, all the while claiming his innocence. His case was dismissed in 2013 and he was released. But the damage had been done, and he eventually killed himself. His tale, not an unusual one, provoked a campaign to close the “torture island”, as inmates call it, altogether. Bill de Blasio, New York’s mayor, agrees. On March 31st he vowed to begin a ten-year process to shut it.
Three-quarters of the roughly 9,400 people held in New York City’s jails have not been convicted of anything. Most are housed on Rikers. The place has become a warehouse for people too poor to post bail or suffering from addiction or mental-health problems (jails, unlike prisons, are locally operated and hold people serving short sentences or awaiting trial). Because of backlogs, many wait months for their day in court. Even a short stay behind bars can be very disruptive. It can mean loss of job, home and custody of children.
Conditions on the island are brutal. In 2014 Preet Bharara, New York’s former federal attorney, found a systematic pattern of excessive force used by correction officers, creating a “culture of violence”. Many of its antiquated buildings lack air-conditioning, and sewage regularly backs up. Rats are everywhere. Transport of prisoners to and from the isolated island costs $31m a year, and visiting family members find it hard to get to. One former inmate said the living conditions were unfit for a human, “so I began to act inhuman”. A report issued by an independent commission on April 2nd called Rikers Island “a 19th-century solution to a 21st-century problem”.
The good news is that New York may not need it. The city continues to cut crime; it has just had its safest first quarter on record. This means that fewer people are going to jail. The city’s daily jail population fell from more than 20,000 in 1991 to about 10,000 last year. To reduce it further, alternative sentencing and more bail reform will be needed to divert those accused of lesser crimes. And change will not happen overnight. “It took us 30 years to get into this mess,” says a reformer, “so it’s going to take a while for us to get out of it.”
New York is not alone. Most of the 720,000 people sitting in the country’s 3,000 jails are awaiting trial. Nearly half a million of the detained cannot afford to post bail. Some states and municipalities are starting to change tactics. New Jersey’s Hudson County has seen a 25% drop in its jail population since bail reform was implemented on January 1st. The new state law allows nearly all non-violent defendants to be released without monetary bail pending trial. In February Maryland’s highest court ruled that people can’t be held in jail because they can’t afford bail. In November New Mexico voters passed a constitutional amendment prohibiting judges from jailing people because they can’t afford bail. District attorneys, judges and police in places such as Philadelphia and Spokane are working on alternatives to detention, using pre-trial risk assessments, supervised monitoring and citations instead of arrests. “It’s not just [Rikers] closure that’s exciting, it’s all the other stuff that goes with it,” says Cherise Fanno Burdeen of the Pretrial Justice Institute.
The announcement was a risky move for Mr de Blasio, who is running for re-election this year. Closing Rikers and building new facilities will cost more than $10bn, and the city’s jail system is already expensive: taxpayers will pay $2.4bn in 2018 to support it. The commission reckons, however, that the closure will save New York City $1.3bn a year.
The commission recommended that Rikers should be replaced with smaller jails near the city’s courthouses. But Mr de Blasio has had a hard enough time opening homeless shelters around the city. Convincing New Yorkers that a jail in their neighbourhood is a good thing might be even trickier.



ARTICLE
A WALK from the history museum on the edge of St Louis’s verdant Forest Park, past grand faux-Tudor mansions on Lindell Boulevard, leads to the wealthy white neighbourhood of Central West End. Turn left on Euclid Avenue and you pass the Drunken Fish sushi restaurant, Golden Grocer Natural Foods, trendy espresso bars and Left Bank Books, displaying titles thoughtfully chosen by bibliophile shop assistants. Then these businesses suddenly stop, a block or so away from Delmar Boulevard. This is the city’s unofficial demarcation line.
The area directly to the north of Delmar Boulevard is 99% black, according to Washington University and the University of St Louis. Boarded-up and crumbling houses, dollar shops and fried-chicken outlets dominate the picture. The median home value north of Delmar is a quarter of the value of houses south of Delmar. Only 5% of residents who are 25 or older north of Delmar have a bachelor’s degree, compared with 67% south of it.
Situated on the banks of the majestic Mississippi on the boundary of Illinois and Missouri, St Louis is a border city still shaped by the racial attitudes of the old South and the property arrangements of the old north. During the decades of the great migration, when blacks from the rural South moved to cities in the north, it became one of America’s most segregated cities. St Louisians resorted to private racial covenants to prevent blacks from buying properties in white districts. “Shall St Louis be the slave master?” reads the caption of a handbill from 1916 on display at the Missouri History Museum; it shows a white man cracking a “negro-segregation” whip at a black mother and her three children to shoo them back to the slave quarters. Despite this and other efforts to persuade them, St Louisians voted overwhelmingly in favour of two ordinances that would prevent anyone buying a home in a neighbourhood with a population of more than 75% of another race. The Supreme Court struck them down in 1917, but they set the tone for race relations in the city for the following few decades.
Some say the city’s apogee was in 1904, when it hosted the World’s Fair and the summer Olympics. At the time it was America’s fourth-largest city after New York, Chicago and Philadelphia; it had the second-oldest symphony orchestra, a grand opera house, one of the world’s largest and busiest railway terminals, one of its most popular urban parks and some of the country’s best breweries, bearing Germanic names such as Griesedieck or Winkelmeyer. Others argue that the decline started in the 1950s, when the city’s population peaked at 850,000 residents. It has been downhill ever since, with a trajectory familiar to many cities in the rustbelt: deindustrialisation and depopulation, as first whites and then middle-class blacks fled to the suburbs.
Today St Louis is a shadow of its former self. With 188 murders last year, it had the highest murder rate per person in the country. Nearly all the suspects were black, as were their victims. In a city of only 315,000 residents these days, almost one-third live at or below the federal poverty level. Most of them are black. The city once renowned for its economic might and the talents of its offspring—from T.S. Eliot and Yogi Berra to Josephine Baker and Chuck Berry—is now more famous for the race riots in Ferguson, one of its suburbs.
Traces of the once-great city are everywhere. Many multinationals still call St Louis their home, from Anheuser-Busch (beer) and Ralston Purina (pet food) to McDonnell Douglas (aerospace) and Monsanto (agrochemicals). St Louis is also the biggest centre of financial-services firms outside Manhattan, with companies such as Edward Jones and Stifel Financial. Yet many of the big firms have been gobbled up: Ralston Purina has been bought by Switzerland’s Nestlé, Boeing now owns McDonnell Douglas and Monsanto is in the process of merging with Germany’s Bayer. On April 5th JAB, a German conglomerate that owns Krispy Kreme Doughnuts and other food brands, announced it was taking over another St Louis success story, with the acquisition of Panera Bread, a bakery chain, for $7.5bn.
St Louisians cringe every time one of their home-grown companies is taken over, as this tends to come with job cuts. Yet the creation of attractive takeover targets also shows the city’s knack for entrepreneurship, which endures. In 2002 Washington University, St Louis University and others teamed up to create the Cortex innovation community, built on industrial land between the two universities. Cortex is now home to about 325 companies, with names like CoFactor Genomics and Boundless, which have found a home in the Centre for Emerging Technologies, an incubator; the BioGenerator, an accelerator that works with startups for a short, intense time; TechShop, a workspace for prototyping; or another of the seven innovation centres. By next year the eighth office building will be added, along with a light-rail station connecting Cortex to the airport and a hotel. Last month Microsoft announced that it will move its regional headquarters into the new Cortex building next year.
These efforts are showing hopeful results. Nearly 15,000 new college-educated millennials moved to St Louis between 2000 and 2014, according to the Pew Charitable Trust, which makes the city millennials’ fourth-most-popular destination, eclipsing both Chicago (11th) and Seattle (19th). In a report on the rise of innovation districts, the Brookings Institution, a think-tank, cited Cortex as one of the seven best examples. On April 11th and 12th Dennis Lower, the chief executive of Cortex, played host to 12 other mayors to parade these achievements. Until recently, no forward-looking mayor would have bothered to travel to St Louis for inspiration.
Long-term success, however, requires this renaissance to include the northern part of the city. Here, too, there are some encouraging signs. Half the students at the Collegiate School of Medicine & Bioscience, a magnet high school attracting the best pupils in the area, which was developed by Cortex, are black. It is a start.



ARTICLE
DEEP in Oregon’s Elliott State Forest, past groves of 200-foot Douglas firs and bigleaf maple trees dripping with emerald green Spanish moss, Joe Metzler pulls over his Toyota truck and peeks over a precipitous slope covered in tree stumps for signs of elk. Mr Metzler, a retired coastguard rescue swimmer who looks a good deal younger than his 49 years, frequently hunts in the area. To make a clean kill with his bow and arrow, he sometimes camps out in the forest for a week. Then comes the really tough part: hauling 300lb of meat to his car, which is sometimes parked miles away. “It is not old man’s hunting,” he says gleefully.
Soon Oregon may sell 82,500 acres, or most of what remains of the dense forest, to a timber company and a Native American tribe. The proposal would allow public access on half the land. But sportsmen, who can currently roam the forest mostly as they please, worry it will be hard to reach or unsuitable for hunting. Environmentalists fret protections for threatened species would be relaxed.
The Elliott State Forest is not directly owned by the state; it is state trust land, which is required by Oregon’s constitution to produce profit for public schools. The Elliott does that through logging. State trust lands are common in the American West. They trace their roots to 1803, when Ohio joined the union and was given a grant of land to support public education. The practice was replicated throughout the process of state accession, and today there are approximately 46m acres of such lands, 85% of which lie west of the Rocky Mountains.
Recently the Elliott State Forest has struggled to meet its financial responsibilities. A series of environmental lawsuits to protect threatened species such as Coho salmon, a Pacific fish, and marbled murrelet, a small sea bird, led to injunctions that crushed logging. Between 2012 and 2013 net revenues from timber in the forest plunged from $5.8m to -$3.3m. Oregon has since dithered between selling the forest and finding another way to compensate the trust.
The potential sale comes at a moment of great angst about public lands and increased scrutiny of state stewardship. At the Republican National Convention last year, the party’s platform included a provision for the transfer of federal lands to the states. In January, prodded by Rob Bishop, a Republican congressman from Utah, Congress changed a key budget rule that will make it easier for such a transfer to take place. But not everyone wants it. States have far leaner budgets for land management than the federal government does. The fear that they will emphasise profit over access and conservation—or, worse, need to sell the lands they gain—has created eclectic political alliances. Nowhere is this clearer than in Oregon, where the potential sale of the Elliott State Forest has led conservative hunters and anglers to join tree-hugging environmentalists and Kate Brown, the Democratic governor, to oppose the sale.
Several states have been successful at managing trust lands. Some of Arizona’s are close to Maricopa County, home to more than 60% of the state’s population; they make money by leasing and developing those lands. New Mexico’s trust lands are flush with oil; by exploiting them, the state raked in almost $500m in 2016. A report published in 2015 by the Property and Environment Research Centre, a think-tank, found that between 2009 and 2013 state trust lands in Montana, Arizona, Idaho and New Mexico returned $14.51 on every dollar spent, compared with 73 cents on every dollar spent by the US Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management, the main stewards of federal land, which are not required to make a profit. But if state trust lands start to struggle financially, “it’s perilous. Things can go from bad to sale really quickly,” says Dean Finnerty, who works as a hunting and fishing guide in the Elliott State Forest.
There is a precedent for such worries. According to the Wilderness Society, a conservation group, Idaho has shed 41% of its lands since statehood; 100,000 acres have been offloaded since 2000. Oregon has sold all but 780,000 acres of its original 3.4m. Selling 82,500 more would not only upset those who love the Elliott, but fuel a wider worry about what happens when public lands are handed to states.



ARTICLE
PROXIMITY to power does not make Washington, DC, a kindly place. Like medieval peasants watching knights joust, the yokels and churls of the political village—lobbyists, consultants or (hold your nose) journalists—may nod and gawp at the mighty, but their hope is to see one grandee thwack another into the mud.
These are, therefore, heady times in the nation’s capital. Two powerful men, Stephen Bannon, chief strategist to President Donald Trump, and Jared Kushner, a senior adviser, have been jousting for weeks, exchanging sword-swipes and lance-blows via leaks and briefings in the press. Still more blissfully for spectators, Mr Kushner is the president’s son-in-law: the boyish, dashing heir to a family of property tycoons and Democratic donors, and husband to Mr Trump’s daughter and trusted counsellor, Ivanka. His rival, Mr Bannon, is older and angrier: a grizzled champion of America First nationalism.
This White House tourney is usually presented as a clash of partisan ideology or as a human melodrama. Some complaints from the Kushner camp certainly ring with dynastic alarm. The ultimate argument against Mr Bannon, one unnamed source told the Washington Post, is that his hardline, fire-up-the-faithful brand of politics ���isn’t making ‘Dad’ look good”. For their part, Bannonites inside government and their cheerleaders in the conservative media like to paint Mr Kushner as a closet liberal, undercutting Mr Trump’s historic populist victory. Their ire also takes in Ivanka, as well as Gary Cohn, the president’s national economics adviser, and Dina Powell, a deputy national security adviser, both of them veterans of Goldman Sachs, a bank (to complicate matters, Mr Bannon also once worked for Goldman Sachs, but more recently earned notoriety as the rumpled, combative boss of Breitbart, a hard-right news outlet).
When briefing against the Kushner faction, the Bannon camp uses such slurs as “the Democrats”, “the New Yorkers” or “the globalists”. Mr Kushner and his elegantly tailored friends are charged with being squeamish about immigration, too eager to see America play global policeman in Syria and peacemaker in the Middle East, and willing to give a hearing to Democratic experts on such subjects as health policy or climate change. Bannonites, Democrats and pundits have mocked Mr Kushner for the range of his responsibilities. The president’s son-in-law is charged with overseeing everything from Middle East peace to relations with Canada, Mexico and China, and reorganising the federal government using lessons from business.
But to cast these fights as a clash between left and right, or even as palace intrigues, is to miss the whole story. The semi-public combat between Mr Bannon and Mr Kushner rests on an argument about something much larger: namely, the purpose of Mr Trump’s presidency itself.
For Mr Bannon, the point of winning the 2016 election was to advance a cause, which history may in time call Trumpism. A former naval officer from a blue-collar family in Virginia, he spent years studying theories of how societies collapse. He has made several lurid, doomy films alleging that working families have been sold out by rootless, corrupt elites, who stood by and profited as immigrants flooded in. Other works lamented the collapse of Judaeo-Christian values in the American heartland. Mr Bannon saw before many others on the hard right that Mr Trump might not be a conventional conservative, but still “intuitively” grasped the power of economic populism. On joining the government as the president’s ideologue-in-chief, Mr Bannon pasted specific promises made in Trump campaign speeches on the walls of his West Wing office. Those promises cover everything from border security to global trade and an assault on regulations and the federal agencies that write them, through what Mr Bannon calls the “deconstruction of the administrative state”. Addressing conservatives in February, the strategist assured them that, whenever establishment types try to lure Mr Trump away from that radical agenda, “He’s like: ‘No, I promised the American people this, and this is the plan we’re going to execute on’.”
During the election Mr Bannon bonded with Mr Kushner in their shared contempt for professional campaign consultants. To hear Mr Kushner describe it, the Trump campaign resembled a disruptive startup, full of tech whizzes with “nontraditional” backgrounds outside politics. Addressing New York business bosses in December, Mr Kushner explained how the campaign exposed him to the anger of Americans who feel ignored by their government. He realised that he lived in a “bubble” of elite opinions about such subjects as immigration or the environment.
“I like Steve, but...”
However, Mr Kushner differs in at least one important way from Mr Bannon. He acts as if the last election was a victory for a man called Trump, not a movement called Trumpism. Shortly after the election Mr Kushner told Forbes magazine that his father-in-law transcends party labels, with policies offering “a blend of what works, and eliminating what doesn’t work.”
Both men entered the White House rooting for Mr Trump to prove critics wrong. But if Mr Trump prospers by breaking every campaign promise, Mr Bannon’s nationalist cause will have been betrayed. The strategist has survived until now by telling Mr Trump he can help him keep those pledges, shoring up his most loyal bases of support. Yet over time, history suggests that seeking to bind Mr Trump with his own words is a losing gambit.
The logic of Mr Kushner’s family first pragmatism is simpler: Americans will thank Mr Trump if his policies improve their lives. For now both men offer the president possible paths to success. At some point their visions will prove incompatible—hence recent rumours, fuelled by Mr Trump, that Mr Bannon may be sacked. The prize being fought over is the president’s legacy. That is a contest not everyone can survive.



ARTICLE
SHORTLY before Robert Bentley resigned as Alabama’s governor on April 10th, the television crews assembled outside the state capitol were joined by a group of visiting schoolchildren. Wisely their teachers hurried them along. “Cherchez la femme,” one passing tourist commented to another, astutely. For a year the governor had denied having an affair, despite the emergence of grubbily incriminating evidence, vowing to stay in his post. But after being booked into the Montgomery county jail, then pleading guilty to two campaign-finance misdemeanours, Mr Bentley returned to the capitol to announce that he had indeed quit.
He hadn’t seemed the type: either to combust in disgrace, or to become governor in the first place. A dermatologist and—before his fall—a deacon of the First Baptist church in Tuscaloosa, Mr Bentley was almost 60 when he was first elected as a state representative in 2002. He did not appear destined for bigger things. But his grandfatherly demeanour and family values shtick, plus a crowded Republican field, helped him to the governorship in 2010; his devoted wife Dianne baked cookies for the campaign team. It was during that race that his life became entangled with that of Rebekah Mason, a married woman almost 30 years his junior whom he is said to have encountered in the Sunday-school class he taught. She worked as his press secretary, then in his administration and on his landslide re-election campaign in 2014.
After the release last year of tapes in which, among other endearments, Mr Bentley rhapsodised about touching Ms Mason’s breasts, he insisted that they had not had a sexual relationship. The tapes, it has emerged, were recorded by Ms Bentley, who after 50 years of marriage divorced him in 2015. Their release set off an effort to impeach the governor—which, despite the state’s colourful political history, would have been a first. As part of that process, on April 7th the state House Judiciary Committee published a report by its special counsel, Jack Sharman. At a hearing on the morning of the resignation, Mr Sharman argued that although the racy details of the case were reminiscent of Bill Clinton’s, the governor’s bid to “advance his personal interests over those of the state”, and his “increasingly desperate conduct”, more closely resembled Richard Nixon’s.
To facilitate his relationship with Ms Mason, alleged Mr Sharman, and then to conceal it, Mr Bentley misused state resources and personnel. Learning of the recordings before they became public, he is said to have become obsessed with tracking them down, deploying security officials to hunt for them and intimidate other staff members. He allegedly schemed to punish his wife’s assistant, Heather Hannah, whom he held responsible for the tapes, and smeared, then fired the state’s top lawman, once a close friend.
The testimony that supported those accusations was excruciating. “Ray Charles could see what was going on,” one former aide said of the relationship. The governor’s children reportedly thought he might be suffering from dementia. He accidentally sent his wife a text message that said, “I love you Rebekah”. Ms Bentley was able to read other messages on an iPad that, unbeknown to the governor, was synchronised with his phone. “Poor Robert. Poor Rebekah,” he texted Ms Mason on one occasion. “Bless our hearts,” she replied. “And other parts.” Poor Ms Bentley.
Dramatic as the hearing was, in the end it was moot. On April 5th the state ethics commission had said that its own, separate investigation had found “probable cause” to believe Mr Bentley broke the law, mostly in relation to campaign-finance violations that it unearthed during its inquiry. That and Mr Sharman’s findings turned the state’s Republican leaders against him. Meanwhile Mr Bentley’s lawyers were evidently hammering out a deal under which he pled guilty to the misdemeanours but will be spared further prosecution. Along with a suspended jail term, probation, community service and $7,000 in fines, he was required to resign immediately.
Mr Bentley omitted to mention that detail in the sanctimonious statement he made in the old state house chamber, beneath a plaque commemorating Alabama’s secession in 1861. He had “not always made the right choices,” he said euphemistically. “He probably got off very, very easy,” said Ed Henry, a representative who filed the articles of impeachment.
God’s armour
In the oddly festive mood that upheavals can induce, the throng of journalists and politicos trooped across the capitol’s hallway to the old Senate chamber, where Kay Ivey, the lieutenant-governor, was hastily sworn in as Mr Bentley’s successor. A pastor asked God to “clothe her with spiritual armour”. She will need it. She is only the second female governor of a state reluctant to return women to high office. (The first was Lurleen Wallace, who in 1966 stood as a surrogate for her segregationist husband George and died after 16 months in the role.) Moreover she takes over at what, even by Alabama’s standards, is an excruciatingly embarrassing moment.
Mr Bentley’s demise means the state has lost the leaders of all three branches of government in a matter of months. Last year Michael Hubbard was ousted as Speaker of the House after his conviction on ethics charges (he is appealing). Roy Moore was suspended as chief justice in a rumpus over his recalcitrant opposition to gay marriage. The reshuffle does not end there. After Jeff Sessions joined Donald Trump’s cabinet, it fell to Mr Bentley to nominate his successor in the Senate. He chose Luther Strange, the state’s attorney-general—whose office was investigating Mr Bentley. Three of Alabama’s past six governors have now faced criminal charges.
Still, tawdry as it has been, the Bentley saga has its heroes, and its morals. According to her testimony, Mr Bentley told Ms Hannah, his wife’s assistant, that “people fall at my throne” and she had better “watch it”. She was undaunted. Confidants whom he allegedly tried to enlist to do his dirty work seem ultimately to have attempted to restrain him.
The danger of alienating friends is one of the lessons of a debacle in which Mr Bentley, now 74 and not thought independently wealthy, has forfeited not just his wife, job and reputation but his retirement benefits. The others are familiar, too. Yet again the cover-up proved more damaging than the original peccadillo. Finally, as one Montgomery insider glumly summarises, “There is no fool like an old fool.”



