ARTICLE
Donald Trump scrambled to salvage his controversial travel ban as courts were warned that the move to target Muslim-majority countries could lead to the perception of the US being at war with Islam.
With a lower court judge having put the ban on hold, lawyers for the Department of Justice filed a brief with a federal appeals court on Monday. “The Executive Order is a lawful exercise of the President’s authority over the entry of aliens into the United States and the admission of refugees,” they submitted to the San Francisco-based ninth circuit court of appeals.
The court scheduled oral arguments for 6pm eastern time on Tuesday. It was not immediately clear when it might issue a ruling. The battle could go all the way to the supreme court.
As Trump met military leaders at US central command in Florida, which is driving the US aerial bombardment of the Islamic State, lawyers who blocked the order curbing refugee admissions and travel from seven nations warned that attempts to justify it were a sham, while a group of top government officials claimed it was “beneath the dignity” of the US.
The new president faces his third full week in office having to fight a legal battle on the constitutionality of one of his signature actions and an unprecedented struggle to force one of his senior cabinet nominees through a deadlocked vote in the Senate.
Last Friday district court judge James Robart halted a 90-day ban on residents of seven Muslim-majority countries as well a freeze in refugee admission. On Monday, the policy faced new, stark criticism in court documents. Lawyers representing the states of Washington and Minnesota explicitly called the measure “anti-Muslim” and derided attempts to do otherwise as “a sham”.
“Here, the sham of a secular purpose is exposed by both the language of the Order and Defendants’ expressions of anti-Muslim intent,” wrote the lawyers in a 32-page brief.
Even more virulent language was used in a brief submitted by 10 former government officials including former secretaries of state Madeleine Albright and John Kerry, and Michael Hayden, the former leader of the NSA and CIA under George W Bush. They accused the executive order of undermining the war on terror and the constitution itself.
Using an acronym for Islamic State, they argued: “It will aid ISIL’s propaganda effort and serve its recruitment message by feeding into the narrative that the United States is at war with Islam.”
They added: “Blanket bans of certain countries or classes of people are beneath the dignity of the nation and Constitution that we each took oaths to protect.”
At the same time, leading technology companies including Apple, Google, Microsoft, Facebook, Twitter, eBay, Netflix and Uber were among the signatories to a legal brief from companies including Levi Strauss, filed on Sunday. “The order represents a significant departure from the principles of fairness and predictability that have governed the immigration system of the United States for more than 50 years,” the brief stated.
In the immediate aftermath of Trump’s signing of the order, 10 days ago, airports saw large protests as travellers with valid visas were stopped from entering the country.
White House sources including the president have insisted only 109 people were affected and said most were merely delayed. Government figures for the number of visas revoked worldwide before the ban was suspended ranged from 60,000 to 100,000.
The initial decision by Robart, a judge appointed by George W Bush, to block much of the order led to outraged tweets by Trump throughout the weekend, as he spent three nights at his Florida mansion.
Trump seemed to indicate that Robart should bear the blame for any terrorist attack in the future. “Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!” wrote the president of the United States.
The justice department, which is currently led by temporary appointee Dana Boente after acting attorney general Sally Yates was fired for refusing to defend the travel ban, had until Monday evening to file a response.
The case is expected to eventually end up in the supreme court, which has had a vacant seat for almost a year after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia in February 2016. Although Trump has nominated Neil Gorsuch, a federal circuit judge, to replace Scalia, Gorsuch may not be confirmed to the court before any ruling on a Muslim ban would be made.
The aggressive legal challenge Trump faces comes as his new administration is bogged down in a confirmation battle in the Senate. Billionaire Republican megadonor Betsy DeVos’s nomination to be education secretary is on a knife-edge after two Republican senators said they could not support her. 
Although DeVos, an ardent supporter of charter schools, was not considered to be among Trump’s most controversial cabinet nominees when first selected, she now seems the most likely to lose a confirmation fight. DeVos stumbled throughout her confirmation hearings, suggesting a need for guns in schools to kill grizzly bears and seeming unprepared for many policy questions. 
Her poor performance combined with ardent lobbying by teachers’ unions has led to a backlash, which has included Republican senators Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins joining a unified Democratic caucus in opposing her nomination.
The result is a Senate currently split 50-50 on the nomination. Barring any last-minute defections, the tie would need to be broken by Vice-president Mike Pence on Tuesday in his constitutional role as Senate president – the first time a vice-president has had to break a tie for a cabinet nomination.
Trump was making one of his first outings in his constitutional role as commander-in-chief on Monday when he visits MacDill air force base in Tampa, Florida. The president – who was returning home from a weekend at his Mar-a-Lago resort, where he spent time at his Trump international golf course and attended a Super Bowl party – received a briefing from US central command, which oversees military operations in the Middle East and north Africa and is based at MacDill.
The meeting came just days after the first military casualty of the Trump administration, in a botched raid by US special forces in Yemen. Petty officer William “Ryan” Owens, a navy seal, was killed in the operation, which targeted a suspected al-Qaida base. The raid may have also resulted in the death of an eight-year-old American citizen, Nawar al-Awlaki, the daughter of alleged al-Qaida leader Anwar al-Awlaki, who was killed in a 2011 drone strike.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer has repeatedly characterized the raid, which was approved by Trump in a dinner meeting that included his son-in-law Jared Kushner and controversial political adviser Steve Bannon, as “a success”.
Trump opened his address to troops at the air base by saying: “We had a wonderful election, didn’t we?”, before attacking the “dishonest media” whom he claimed, without evidence, were deliberately not reporting on some terrorist attacks in Europe. He expressed support for Nato but criticised members who had not paid “their fair share”.
“Many of them have not been doing that, many of them have not been even close and they have to do that,” Trump said. Turning to Isis, he added: “Today we deliver a message in very unified force, to these forces of death and destruction, America and its allies: we will defeat you. We will defeat them. We will defeat radical Islamic terrorism, and we are not going to allow it to take root in this country. We need strong programs so that people that love us and want to love our country and will end up loving our country are allowed in, not people that want to destroy us and destroy our country.”
Trump is also facing new foreign policy challenges as John Bercow, the speaker of the House of Commons in the UK, made clear on Monday that the president would not be extended an invitation to address Parliament on any state visit. “We value our relationship with the US,” Bercow told the House of Commons. 
 “If a state visit takes place, that is way beyond the pay grade of the Speaker. However, as far as this place is concerned, I feel very strongly that our opposition to racism and to sexism, and our support for equality before the law and an independent judiciary, are important considerations in the House of Commons.”
The White House did not respond to a request for comment on Bercow’s statement. 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump on Saturday capped a week of tumultuous relations with the press by saying he will not attend this year’s White House correspondents’ dinner, which is scheduled for 29 April.
“I will not be attending the White House Correspondents’ Association Dinner this year,” the president wrote on Twitter. “Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!”
The news came as relations between the Trump administration and the news media, which he has called “the enemy of the American people”, have sunk to new lows. On Friday, leading outlets including the New York Times, CNN and the Guardian were excluded from a briefing by the press secretary, Sean Spicer, while friendlier conservative organisations were admitted.
Editors of excluded organisations expressed anger, although the White House Correspondents Association (WHCA) president, Jeff Mason, of Reuters, attempted to calm troubled waters. 
In a statement on Saturday, Mason said the WHCA “looks forward to having its annual dinner” and added: “The WHCA takes note of President Donald Trump’s announcement on Twitter that he does not plan to attend the dinner, which has been and will continue to be a celebration of the first amendment and the important role played by an independent news media in a healthy republic.
“We look forward to shining a spotlight at the dinner on some of the best political journalism of the past year and recognizing the promising students who represent the next generation of our profession.”
Trump has recently reacted angrily to a series of reports citing anonymous sources in the White House, law enforcement and intelligence agencies about chaos in his administration, alleged contacts between campaign staff and Russian agents, and White House attempts to rebut such reports.
The difficult relationship between Trump – whose senior adviser Steve Bannon, formerly chief of the rightwing website Breitbart News, has repeatedly called the press “the opposition party” – and the media has already contributed to a number of withdrawals from the correspondents’ dinner and related events.
This week Bloomberg followed Vanity Fair and the New Yorker in saying it would not host a party tied to the dinner. The New York Times has not attended the event since 2008; the Guardian will not attend this year. This week, Buzzfeed reported that another favourite target of Trump’s, CNN, was considering pulling out as well.
Trump followed a familiar path on Friday night, when he wrote on Twitter: “FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn’t tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing @nytimes has become a joke. Likewise @CNN. Sad!”
Many observers have linked Trump’s run for the presidency with events at the 2011 correspondents’ dinner, in which Barack Obama ridiculed the businessman, who was in attendance, over his championing of the so-called “birther” movement.
The dinner is a traditionally lighthearted affair, celebrities mixing with journalists at tables and comedians “roasting” the president of the day, as Stephen Colbert did to George W Bush in an infamous speech from 2006. The president traditionally speaks as well.
The first dinner was held in 1921 and Calvin Coolidge was the first president to attend, in 1924. Since then every president has attended the dinner at least once. 
Ronald Reagan did not attend in 1981 – after being shot – and Jimmy Carter and Richard Nixon did not always sit down for dinner. Obama attended all eight events while he was in office.
According to the History Channel the dinner has been cancelled three times: following the death of former president William Howard Taft, in 1930, after the US entry into the second world war in 1942, and in 1951, during the Korean war.
In January, Trump skipped the Alfalfa Club dinner, another key event in the social calendar of a city in which the president is happy to pose as an outsider.
Rob Mahoney, deputy executive director of the Committee to Protect Journalists, told the Guardian on Saturday Trump should “act as a champion of press freedom” around the world, rather than attacking the media in a way that could “send a signal to other countries that it is OK to verbally abuse journalists and undermine their credibility”. 
In a statement, Guardian US editor Lee Glendinning said the exclusion of news outlets from Friday’s briefing was “deeply troubling and divisive” and added: “Holding power to account is an essential part of the democratic process, and that’s exactly what the Guardian will continue to do.”



ARTICLE
Montana’s Republican party leadership is opposing a Republican-sponsored measure to reform the state’s elections, warning that it would “give Democrats an inherent advantage” due to their ability to increase voter turnout door-to-door.
In an email titled Emergency Chairman’s Report, the Republican party chairman, Jeff Essmann, set off a furious war of words, with Democrats accusing Republicans of attempting to suppress the vote because it might mean a loss for the party.
The dispute focuses on a bipartisan bill before the Montana legislature that would make an upcoming election to replace Representative Ryan Zinke, a Republican nominated by Donald Trump to be interior secretary, an all-mail ballot vote.
Essmann warned that if the bill passed, the Democrats would have an advantage “in close elections due to their ability to organize large numbers of unpaid college students and members of public employee unions to gather ballots by going door to door”.
“This a Republican saying, no, let’s not let everybody vote,” said Nancy Keenan, the state’s Democratic party leader. “This is wrong, and it is wrong that he would attempt to suppress votes.”
The measure’s sponsor, Republican senator Steve Fitzpatrick, has said concerns that Democrats would unduly benefit are overstated. “It’s important that we have as much of a chance as we can to get people out to vote as well,” Fitzpatrick said.
The election, Fitzpatrick added, comes at an unusual time. The all-mail ballot, which only covers the 2017 special congressional election, was merely designed to save counties as much as $500,000. The mail ballot has been in place in Montana for a decade, but this proposal would eliminate in-person voting for this special election.
“It is a little amusing – Republicans are always saying they’re fiscal conservatives but they want a system that’s costing counties a lot of money,” Keenan said. 
But Essmann, who is also a state house representative from Billings, denied that the warnings to Republican party members amounted to an attempt at voter suppression. 
“Senate Bill 305 removes an option from voters and that’s detrimental to many Republican voters, but also many Native American voters many of whom support Democrats who prefer to vote at the polls. I think every voters should have every option to vote.”
In his email, Essmann also said “vote-by-mail is designed to increase participation rates of lower propensity voters. Democrats in Montana perform better than Republican candidates among lower propensity voters and Republican candidates do better among higher propensity voters.”
That prompted an immediate response from Keenan. She called the letter “deeply troubling”, saying it showed “their party’s desire to suppress the voices of Montanans in this special election”.
“The fact is there is no definitive data on mail ballots but the effort here is to suppress people from voting and having their voices heard in an election,” Keenan told the Guardian. 
Essmann described Keenan’s claims as “preposterous”.
“It’s an outrageous charge and totally false,” Essmann said. He also suggested that Democrats, not Republicans, had engaged in unethical practices, including going door to door collecting ballots. 
Essman held a meeting on Wednesday warning that Democrats had “perfected the mechanics of using mail ballots”, and he feared “the long-term viability of our Republican Party” if the state switched permanently to an all-mail voting system, according to the Bozeman Daily Chronicle. 
Later that day, the bill passed a senate committee. It will now go to the full state senate.
 
Disagreement within the Montana Republican leadership extends to the secretary of state, Corey Stapleton. According to the Bozeman Daily Chronicle, Stapleton advised senators to think twice about “an all-mail-in ballot”.
“If you look at the three states that have done it, you can see that populism and direct democracy at its best, all three states – Oregon, Washington and Colorado – they do all-mail-in ballots and they’re all marijuana-all-the-time states too. Is that what you want? Because that’s what you’re going to get.”
Opposition to SB 305 has also intensified from Democratic quarters in recent days. Representative Sharon Stewart-Peregoy told the Billings Gazette that all-mail elections would harm Native Americans. “I am highly opposed to this as the suppression of the Indian vote in my district and I believe it’s another example of a government speaking with a forked tongue,” Stewart-Peregoy said.

“The issue at hand is to allow people to vote and we should do everything possible to engage in voting,” Keenan said. “Essmann has made it a partisan issue; he’s saying, ‘We just want some people to vote.’ That’s what I find offensive, that’s what I think is wrong, and what I think most Montanans find very discouraging.”
 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, likely violated the law when he failed to disclose payments he had received from Russia and Turkey, the leading Republican and Democrat on the House oversight committee said on Tuesday.
Committee chairman Jason Chaffetz, a Republican from Utah, and ranking member Elijah Cummings, a Democrat from Maryland, said it appeared Flynn had not received permission for or properly reported the funds he received from a 2015 speech in Russia and lobbying work his firm did for Turkey.
The two lawmakers also said the White House had refused to provide them with documents requested by the committee related to Flynn’s security clearance and payments from an organization with ties to foreign governments. The House oversight committee requested the documents last month.
The congressmen spoke to reporters after a classified meeting at which members reviewed documents provided by the Pentagon related to Flynn’s application for security clearance, which Cummings described as “extremely troubling”.
Chaffetz said he saw “no data” in the documents he reviewed that confirmed Flynn had complied with the law. 
“As a former military officer, you simply cannot take money from Russia, Turkey or anybody else,” Chaffetz said. “And it appears as if he did take that money, it was inappropriate and there are repercussions for a violation of law.” 
In 2015, Flynn received about $45,000 for attending Russian state TV network RT’s gala dinner in Moscow, where he sat next to Russian president Vladimir Putin. He also received $530,000 for consulting work that likely benefited the Turkish government while working as a top adviser to Trump’s presidential campaign. 
“He was supposed to get permission, he was supposed to report it, and he didn’t,” Cummings said. 
Cummings said he would like to call Flynn before the committee to explain “why he concealed these payments”. But the chairman said that the committee is unlikely to ask Flynn to testify as he believes it is the purview of the House intelligence committee. 
Cummings called it “simply unacceptable” that the White House had refused to comply with the committee’s information request but stopped short of saying that the administration was blocking its investigation.
“I wouldn’t call it obstruction,” Cummings said.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer defended the White House’s denial of the request. He insisted that “the committee has the documents” but said that they were not in the White House’s possession but had been turned over by the Department of Defense. He also said that the request for all of Flynn’s foreign contacts was “very unwieldy”.
Spicer also placed all blame on Flynn rather than the White House’s vetting process for his lack of disclosure, noting that applicants “fill out the forms”. He dodged the question if Flynn violated the law, saying: “That would be a question for him and a law enforcement agency.” Spicer did concede that if a current White House employee took money from Russia Today, it would be considered a payment by a foreign government.
Flynn was forced to resign in February when it emerged that he had lied to the vice-president, Mike Pence. Flynn said he had not discussed lifting US sanctions on Russia with Sergei Kislyak, Moscow’s US ambassador, but later admitted this was untrue.
In a statement, Flynn’s consul, Robert Kelner said: “As has previously been reported, General Flynn briefed the Defense Intelligence Agency [DIA], a component agency of [Department of Defense], extensively regarding the RT speaking event trip both before and after the trip, and he answered any questions that were posed by DIA concerning the trip during those briefings.”
Last month, Flynn, through his lawyer, indicated he was willing to testify before the FBI and congressional committees about potential links between the Trump campaign and Russia in exchange for immunity.



ARTICLE
The Illinois senator Tammy Duckworth announced Thursday that she would join fellow Democrats in blocking a confirmation vote on Neil Gorsuch, Donald Trump’s supreme court nominee.
Duckworth, a combat veteran of the Iraq war who was first elected to the Senate in 2016, cited in a statement the refusal of Gorsuch to meet her as one key reason for her vote. 
“Judge Gorsuch has not made the effort to meet with me in person to answer the serious questions I have about his record and he in fact cancelled a meeting we had previously scheduled,” said Duckworth. She added: “I refuse to vote to end debate on a nominee who refuses to provide any answers to my questions.”
More than 30 Democrats have announced their decision not to support Gorsuch’s nomination. Forty-one votes are needed to keep Republicans from achieving the 60-vote super-majority required to end debate on a supreme court nomination. 
So far, only two Democrats, Joe Manchin of West Virginia and Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, have announced their support for Gorsuch. Both represent red states and face re-election in 2018.
 However, should Democrats block the nomination, there is the potential for Senate Republicans to attempt to end the filibuster via a so-called “nuclear option” which involves changing Senate rules so that only a simple majority is required. Senate Democrats took this step on all nominations, save for those to the supreme court, in 2013.
Gorsuch’s nomination comes after Senate Republicans refused to even schedule a hearing for Merrick Garland, Barack Obama’s nominee for the supreme court seat vacated by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia in 2016. The refusal to hold hearings significantly heightened partisan tensions over the court.
Duckworth is the second Senate Democrat in the past day to cite Gorusch’s refusal to meet with them as a reason to oppose his nomination. Catherine Cortez Masto of Nevada came out against his nomination earlier and said: “In refusing to meet with me, he has disrespected our nation’s founding principles and pillars core to our democratic institutions.”
In a statement, Gorsuch’s spokesman, Ron Bonjean, told the Guardian: “Judge Gorsuch has met with nearly 80 Senators. The judge was more than willing to meet with [Duckworth] and both sides were trying to find a mutually agreeable date that would work.”



ARTICLE
Bernie Sanders has launched a withering attack on Donald Trump, accusing him of being a pathological liar who is driving America towards authoritarianism.
In an interview with the Guardian, the independent senator from Vermont, who waged a spirited campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016, gave a bleak appraisal of the new White House and its intentions. 
He warned that Trump’s most contentious outbursts against the media, judiciary and other pillars of American public life amounted to a conscious assault on democracy.
“Trump lies all of the time and I think that is not an accident, there is a reason for that. He lies in order to undermine the foundations of American democracy.”
Sanders’ warning comes 50 days into the Trump presidency at a time when the country is still reeling from the shock elevation of a real estate businessman and reality TV star to the world’s most powerful office. In that brief period, the new incumbent of the White House has launched attacks on former president Barack Obama’s signature healthcare policy; on visitors from majority-Muslim countries, refugees and undocumented immigrants; and on trade agreements and environmental protection programs. 
Speaking to the Guardian in his Senate office in Washington DC, Sanders said that he was concerned about what he called Trump’s “reactionary economic program of tax breaks to billionaires and devastating cuts to programs that impact the middle class”. But he reserved his most excoriating language for what he believes are the president’s authoritarian tendencies.
He charged Trump with devising a conscious strategy of lies denigrating key public institutions, from the mainstream media to judges and even the electoral process itself, so that he could present himself as the sole savior of the nation. The aim was to put out the message that “the only person in America who stands for the American people, the only person in America who is telling the truth, the only person in America who gets it right is the president of the United States, Donald Trump”.
Trump’s fragile relationship with the truth has been one of the distinguishing features of his fledgling administration. He astonished observers by calling a judge who issued a legal ruling blocking his travel ban a “so-called judge”, accused Obama without producing any evidence of wiretapping Trump Tower, and claimed falsely that up to 5 million votes had been cast illegally in the November election.
Sanders, however, suggested the lies all serve a purpose. To underline his point, Sanders compared the 45th president with the 43rd. “George Bush was a very conservative president, I opposed him every single day. But George Bush did not operate outside of mainstream American political values.”
While the media spotlight remains firmly on Trump and the daily bombardment of his Twitter feed, quietly and largely unmarked, Sanders, the self-styled democratic socialist senator, is spearheading a nationwide resistance to the new administration. The Brooklyn-born politician is working in tandem with, though at arm’s length from, former senior advisers in his presidential campaign to rouse for a second time the vast army of young people who flocked to his cause in 2016.
He said that despite what he sees as the virulent threat of Trump, he finds comfort in the evidence that the resistance is already in full swing. “You are seeing a very active progressive movement. Our Revolution – a group which came out of my campaign – other groups, the spontaneous Women’s March, that’s all an indication of the willingness of the American people to fight back for democracy.”
Trump’s end goal was to “end up as the leader of a nation which has moved in a significant degree toward authoritarianism”, he said. “The only way to defeat that trend is for massive grassroots resistance, and clearly we are seeing that right now.”
As examples of what he meant, Sanders pointed to the 150 rallies in 130 congressional districts that were held in one recent weekend alone. The events mobilized “tens of thousands of people demanding meetings with their members of Congress to protest against the repeal of the Affordable Care Act”.
Sanders made a specific appeal to his Republican colleagues in Congress to join him in this resistance. He addressed himself directly to those Republicans who “believe in democracy, who do not believe in authoritarianism. It is incumbent upon them, in this moment in history, to stand up and say that what Trump is doing is not what the United States is about, it’s not what our constitution is about. They have got to join us in resistance.”
He added: “I hope in the coming months to be working with some conservative Republicans, who I disagree with on every economic and environmental issue you can imagine, to say to this president that you are not going to undermine American democracy.”
The Vermont senator also remarked on the ongoing inquiry into alleged connections between the 2016 Trump campaign and the Russian government under Vladimir Putin. Intelligence agencies have accused the Kremlin of trying to distort the presidential election in Trump’s favour by hacking into Democratic email accounts. 
“Russia played a very heavy role in attempting, successfully, I think, to impact our election. That is unacceptable,” Sanders said.
“We need to know what kind of influence the Russian oligarchy has over Trump. Many people are astounded. Here he is, seemingly in strong disagreement with Australia, with Mexico, with long-term allies; but he has nothing but positive things to say about Mr Putin who is an authoritarian leader.”



ARTICLE
While the White House on Tuesday stood by Donald Trump’s assertion that he was wiretapped by Barack Obama during the 2016 presidential campaign, top Republicans on Capitol Hill provided little support to bolster his explosive and unsubstantiated claim.
Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader, said he had not seen any evidence to back up a series of tweets by Trump on Saturday that accused Obama of wiretapping his phones at Trump Tower.
“We have an existing intelligence committee looking at all aspects of what may have been done last year related to the Russians or the campaign and we’ll leave it there,” the Kentucky Republican told reporters.
Devin Nunes, the chairman of the House intelligence committee, also could not offer any proof of Trump’s allegations while speaking at a separate press conference.
“At this point, we don’t have any evidence of that,” said Nunes, whose panel is investigating Russian interference in the US election.
The reaction from Republicans in Washington was the latest example of a familiar pattern: forced to defend the unfiltered words of a president who has a history of making false proclamations with significant consequences. In the six weeks since Trump took office, Republicans have struggled to make sense of claims that have ranged from his false insistence that millions of illegal votes were cast in the November election to now an unprecedented accusation against his predecessor.
Nunes chastised the media for taking Trump’s words at face value. The president had merely posed a question about being wiretapped, Nunes argued, even as reporters said Trump’s statement had been far more definitive. 
“As you all know, the president is a neophyte in politics. And I think a lot of the things he says, you guys sometimes take literally,” Nunes said to the press. 
“Sometimes he doesn’t have 27 lawyers and staff looking at what he does … I don’t think we should attack the president for tweeting.”
But just hours earlier, the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, stood by Trump’s charge against Obama when asked if the president regretted his attack on the previous administration.
“No. Absolutely not,” Spicer said, adding, “Why would he withdraw it until it’s adjudicated? It’s not that he’s walking anything back or regretting.”
But faced with an aggressive grilling from reporters during his first on-camera briefing in more than a week, Spicer was unable to offer any evidence or source of Trump’s accusation.
“That’s probably a level above my pay grade,” Spicer said, while adding: “It’s not a question of new proof or less proof or whatever.”
Members of the House and Senate intelligence committees said they expected to investigate Trump’s wiretapping claims as part of their separate, ongoing inquiries into efforts by the Russian government to influence the outcome of the US presidential election.
“We should be able to determine in short order whether this accusation is true or false,” said Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee.
Republicans, who were focused this week on the rollout of a plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, appeared uncomfortable when pressed on Trump’s latest controversial series of tweets. Trump’s comments were not simply inflammatory – they alleged, without evidence, that Obama had broken the law.
“I think that the first thing has to happen”, Senator John McCain of Arizona said, “is the president should tell the American people where he got the information that the previous president of the United States was violating the law.”
The severity of Trump’s rant was underscored by a report that James Comey, the director of the FBI, asked the Department of Justice over the weekend to reject the president’s charge.
Spicer said Trump had not discussed the matter with Comey, deeming it “a no-win situation” that would be interpreted as the White House interfering with the FBI’s independent investigation into potential links between associates of Trump and Russian operatives. 
“I think the smartest, the most deliberative way to address this situation is to ask the House and Senate intelligence committees, who are already in the process of looking into this, to look into this and other leaks of classified information that are troubling to our nation’s national security,” Spicer said.
Schiff said he expected to raise the wiretapping issue with Comey at the House intelligence committee’s first public hearing pertaining to Russian activities during the 2016 US election, scheduled for 20 March, where the FBI director has been invited to testify.
Also on the list of witnesses invited before the panel are the National Security Agency chief Mike Rogers, former CIA director John Brennan, former national intelligence director James Clapper, former acting attorney general Sally Yates, and two executives from the cybersecurity firm that investigated the hacking of the Democratic National Committee by the Russians.
Clapper has denied that Trump was wiretapped before the election, saying he would have been aware of such a warrant if it was granted.
Asked whether he could confirm or deny if a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court Act warrant existed to engage in such wiretapping, Clapper again rejected the notion.
“I can deny it,” he said.
With additional reporting by Lauren Gambino



ARTICLE
Chinese president Xi Jinping has arrived in Florida for his first face-to-face meeting with his US counterpart Donald Trump, which is likely to focus on tensions over North Korea and trade.
The Chinese leader and his wife, Peng Liyuan, were greeted at Palm Beach international airport by secretary of state Rex Tillerson and a military honour guard.
Xi and his wife will join Trump for dinner at his Mar-a-Lago estate, their first encounter before Friday’s talks.
Speaking to reporters on his way to Florida, Trump said that the two main issues in the meeting would be North Korea’s nuclear programme and trade with China.
“We have been treated unfairly and have made terrible trade deals with China for many, many years. That’s one of the things we are going to be talking about. The other thing of course is going to be North Korea.”
Earlier Thursday, Pyongyang threatened to deliver “the most ruthless blow” if there is “even the smallest provocation” from the United States.
The comment came after Trump told the Japanese prime minister, Shinzo Abe, that “all options are on the table” – including military action – to address North Korea.
In a commentary timed to coincide with Xi’s arrival, China’s official news agency Xinhua warned that US companies stood to lose the most if Trump followed through on threats to launch a trade war against Beijing.
But Xinhua painted a sunny portrait of relations between the world’s two largest economies, saying that predictions that US-China ties might spiral out of control under Trump had not come true. 
However Xinhua cautioned Trump, who last year threatened to slap 45% tariffs on Chinese imports, not to locking horns with Beijing over trade.
“Neither side can afford to sacrifice cooperation … [But] if there were a trade war, it would be foreign-funded companies, particularly US firms, that would lose out,” it said.
Xinhua also took out a full-page advert in the New York Times which described the meeting as a “vital moment for the two nations, the Asia-Pacific region and the globe as a whole”.
The article expressed hopes that instead of concentrating on “vexing trivialities that have bothered the two nations”, Xi and Trump would concentrate on “strategic and defining questions that could lead to constructive bilateral ties”.
On the campaign trail and the stump, Trump repeatedly lambasted China on issues including allegedly currency manipulation, the militarisation of the South China Sea and what he claimed was Beijing’s inaction on North Korea, which on Wednesday launched its latest ballistic missile test.
The tone has softened in recent weeks, however, with officials on both sides billing the first face-to-face meeting between Trump and Xi as an opportunity to discuss – but not resolve - key differences.
Orville Schell, the head of the Centre on US-China Relations at New York’s Asia Society, said he suspected Trump would be a gracious host to Xi despite his fondness for China-bashing. 
“He has an opportunity here [to establish a productive rapport with Xi] before he muddies the waters. Because once he gets going with China – with a few tariffs or a few trade disputes or whatever the hell they are going to do, a dust up in the South China Sea – then all bets are off,” he added.
Paul Haenle, a veteran US diplomat who advised both George W Bush and Barack Obama on China policy, said he believed Xi would seek to stabilise relations by bringing to Mar-a-Lago a list of economic “gestures” designed to send Trump the message: “We get it. We hear you”.
With a key quinquennial Communist party congress looming later this year, Chinese officials hoped to use the summit to bolster Xi’s political standing back home. “They are less into the substance and more into the optics.”
But there was an underlining danger that a freewheeling, tweet-happy Trump would become irritated with the formulaic pre-approved monologues he was likely to hear from his guest. “Trump may get impatient with that. He may get frustrated and they may not be able to develop the kind of chemistry that they have hoped for.”
Unlike previous visitors such as Abe, Xi is unlikely to play golf with Trump: the Chinese leader has banned Communist party members from the sport as part of a broad crackdown on corruption.



ARTICLE
Whenever she has a few minutes to spare, Erica Baguma goes hunting online for Trump voters. Some praise the president, others take aim at him. Baguma, however, is searching for something specific: regret.
Since November, the 23-year-old has been compiling and retweeting a collection of remorseful tweets from Trump voters at @Trump_Regrets. 
“I voted for you cos I thought maybe it was a good idea to shake things up a bit in politics. Biggest regret of my life!” reads one from this week. “God, I wish I never voted for you. You are a liar. You are ruining the country and the lives of good people. Sad.” reads another. 
The disenchantment seems to be evenly split into two camps. “You see a lot of people that are just shocked that he’s doing what he said he’s going to do,” she said. Others point to Trump’s blistering rhetoric of the campaign trail and note with dismay “that there’s still Mexicans in the country ”.
Baguma, a social anthropology student at a university in Halifax, Canada, launched the Twitter account after Trump said he wouldn’t be pursuing criminal investigations into Hillary Clinton’s emails. “I was curious as to what his supporters thought of that,” she said. “And so I was searching and I was really surprised to find that there were so many people who were already regretting voting for him, for lots of different reasons.”
She decided to start keeping track. So far @Trump_Regrets has racked up some 169,000 followers, thanks to followers that include TV producer Dan Harmon, Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban and actress Rosie O’Donnell.
Feedback has come from both supporters and detractors of the president. “The ones that find out I’m Canadian tell me to mind my own business.”
Others assume Baguma is making up the tweets. “The ones that didn’t vote for Trump, a lot come just to laugh and feel a little bit vindicated, some of them are really relieved and comforted to see that people are coming to their senses.”
In the days since the inauguration, she’s watched as the number of regrets online steadily increase. So far, the greatest source of remorse seems to be Trump’s behaviour. “I voted for you because you are a great business man. But when you speak sometimes you scare the heck out of me,” reads one tweet from this week. Others are more blunt: “I am so deeply ashamed I voted for this vain, lying man-not a man, a spoiled toddler.”
So far, the experience has changed the way she views those who voted the billionaire businessman into power. “I definitely learned that they’re a diverse crowd,” she said. Some were misinformed, others were set against Clinton by Trump’s strong rhetoric. “It’s sort of endeared me to them because a lot of them were totally well-intentioned, they were just frustrated and wanted to see a change.”



ARTICLE
Will Trump’s nominee for deputy attorney general pledge to appoint an independent special prosecutor to investigate “the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia”?
That’s the question Democrats will be asking Rod Rosenstein during his confirmation hearing on Tuesday morning. Chuck Schumer, the Democratic Senate minority leader, said on Monday that this was “far and away the most important question” that Rosenstein would need to answer. 
Richard Blumenthal, one of the Democrats on the Senate judiciary committee, pledged again on Monday to use “every tool, every power available” to slow Rosenstein’s confirmation if he would not promise to appoint a special prosecutor. 
Schumer said a special prosecutor would have “greater latitude” to investigate Russia’s interference in the election, as well as “greater independence” to conduct the inquiry, since he or she could only be removed from the investigation for “good cause” and would have the power “to prosecute not only the subject of an investigation but anyone who attempts to interfere”.
The Republican chair of the Senate judiciary committee resisted these demands. “Nobody should be prejudging as to if there should or shouldn’t be a special prosecutor,” Beth Levine, a spokeswoman for Senator Chuck Grassley, said in a statement. “Mr Rosenstein should go into the job without any predeterminations and evaluate the necessity on the facts and the merits.” 
The FBI is reportedly investigating Russia’s interference in the 2016 election, including scrutiny of links between Trump associates and Russia. 
Under bipartisan pressure from Congress, the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, recused himself last week from overseeing any election-related investigations. Sessions failed to mention his election-year meetings with the Russian ambassador during his own confirmation hearing, despite a direct question about whether he had been “in contact with anyone connected to any part of the Russian government about the 2016 election”. Sessions later said he “should have” mentioned the meetings, but has also defended his response as appropriate given that he did not recall any conversations “regarding the political campaign on these occasions”.
Sessions’ recusal puts the deputy attorney general, the justice department’s second-highest ranking official, in charge of overseeing any investigations of Russian interference in the election. 
Rosenstein, currently the US attorney in Maryland, is a widely respected career prosecutor with 26 years’ experience within the justice department. Former justice officials from Democratic administrations praised his skill and integrity, with one calling him a surprisingly non-partisan choice for a Trump administration appointee, and saying he was the “perfect” person to oversee a fraught political investigation that might touch on the White House itself.
Schumer and Blumenthal said they believed a special prosecutor should investigate not only Russia’s interference and any contacts between Moscow and Trump associates, but also whether members of the administration, including Sessions himself, had made “cover-up attempts” or tried to “meddle” in the investigation. 
In a press conference on Monday, Blumenthal invoked the Watergate investigation of President Richard Nixon, when senators used the confirmation process to force the president’s attorney general nominee to promise to appoint a special prosecutor and guarantee him independence to carry out his investigation. 
That same precedent should be followed in Rosenstein’s confirmation process, Blumenthal said. 
Other Democrats on the Senate judiciary committee did not respond to requests for comment on Monday on whether they agreed with Blumenthal. 
Democrats have acknowledged Rosenstein’s reputation as a “straight shooter” and “honorable” public servant, with Schumer calling him “a fair man”.
 A CNN survey of about 1,000 American adults found that nearly two-thirds supported having a special prosecutor investigate links between Russia and Trump associates, including 43% of Republicans. 
As a young Republican lawyer, Rosenstein was tapped to join Kenneth Starr’s independent Whitewater investigation into Bill and Hillary Clinton’s real estate dealings – an investigation that later pivoted to digging into Bill Clinton’s affair with a White House intern. 



ARTICLE
Even as the Trump administration attempts to contain an escalating crisis over its surreptitious ties to Russia, another spying crisis is threatening to haul the deputy CIA director into court to expose her role in post-9/11 torture.
In a court filing on Tuesday, attorneys for two CIA contract psychologists who helped design the agency’s brutal interrogations for terrorism suspects have asked a federal judge to order Gina Haspel, a career CIA officer recently appointed as the agency’s No2 official, to provide a deposition discussing her allegedly pivotal involvement in an episode the CIA has tried repeatedly to put behind it.
“Ms. Haspel was centrally involved in the events alleged in plaintiffs Sulaiman Abdulla Salim, Mohamed Ahmed Ben Soud, and Obaid Ullah, on behalf of Gul Rahman’s … suit against Defendants for actions they purportedly took while contractors for the CIA,” wrote Brian Paszamant, an attorney for ex-contractors Bruce Jessen and James Mitchell. 
Salim, Ben Soud, Ullah and representatives for Rahman – who died in a CIA black site – filed a lawsuit in 2015 against Mitchell and Jessen for designing their torture regimens while in CIA custody. The Obama administration surprised many by not seeking to block the case under a veil of state secrecy. 
Mitchell and Jessen contend that they ought not to be held liable for work they performed on behalf of the CIA. Salim, Ben Soud and Ullah, represented by the ACLU, argue that they have no other option for redress, as the government has declined to pursue criminal charges against architects of CIA torture. 
The judge in the case, Justin Quackenbush, has already granted Mitchell and Jessen’s requests to depose other contemporary CIA officials, former clandestine service and Counterterrorism Center chief Jose Rodriguez and former chief attorney John Rizzo. Both are scheduled to deliver their depositions in March. 
Haspel, formerly identified as “Gina Doe” in case filings, was Rodriguez’s deputy. She reportedly aided Rodriguez in destroying nearly 100 videotapes depicting torture of the first two black-site detainees, a fateful event that inadvertently sparked the Senate intelligence committee’s 2014 landmark investigation into the detentions and interrogations. 
Her appointment by Donald Trump on 2 February came amid a feud between Trump and elements of the intelligence agencies that concluded Russia interfered in the 2016 election for Trump’s benefit. The sprawling fallout from that ongoing controversy prompted Trump’s national security adviser, Michael Flynn, who distrusts the CIA, to resign on Monday night as calls for a broader investigation intensified. 
Harsh Trump critics within the CIA alumni network have praised Haspel’s appointment. Michael Morrell, a former acting director who publicly supported Hillary Clinton, called Haspel “widely respected” and “simply exceptional”.
But Senate intelligence committee Democrats and torture critics Ron Wyden and Martin Heinrich called Haspel “unsuitable for the position” by virtue of her background in a letter to Trump, including a vague allusion to her role in the torture program. 
Trump has floated an executive order that would restore the CIA’s torture program, which is illegal, but opposition within the Pentagon and CIA has for now prevented its issuance. 
According to the court papers, the Trump administration is resisting Haspel’s intended deposition, as well as one from a clandestine CIA official identified only as John Doe and said to be a former head of the agency’s Renditions Group.
“[O]nly yesterday, February 13 2017, did the Government finally inform Defendants that it will ‘not authorize’ these depositions,” Mitchell and Jessen’s attorneys said in the filing, prompting them to seek Quackenbush to compel her appearance in court. 
Mitchell and Jessen argue that without Haspel’s deposition, they will be disadvantaged in arguing that their “actions/inactions were within the scope of legally and validly conferred authority”.
Quackenbush did not rule on Haspel’s deposition on Tuesday. 



ARTICLE
Vice-president Mike Pence said on Sunday he expects that the billionaire Republican donor Betsy DeVos will be confirmed as education secretary with his tie-breaking vote. 
Pence blamed the tie on DeVos in the Senate – the first-ever on a cabinet nominee – on “obstruction by the Democrats”, despite the fact that two Republican defections have caused it.
Speaking on Fox News Sunday, Pence said the Trump White House was “very confident that Betsy DeVos is going to be the secretary of education”.
He added: “It would be my high honor to cast the deciding tie-breaking vote on the floor of the Senate next week.” 
Two Republicans, Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, have said they will vote against DeVos, citing concerns from parents and teachers.
DeVos has also faced fierce criticism from labor unions for her promotion of school choice and regarding the spending of public money on private schools. Democrats and teachers’ organizations accuse her of seeking to dismantle public education.
Her appearance before the Senate committee on health, education, labor and pensions last month was widely criticised, after she refused to say if she would uphold Obama administration guidelines on handling campus sexual assault and said guns might be needed in schools due to the threat of “potential grizzlies”. 
Chris Murphy, a Democrat from Connecticut, where the 2012 Sandy Hook school shooting left 20 children and six adults dead, asked DeVos if she would support a Trump campaign promise to end gun-free school zones. She said: “I will support what the president-elect does.”
DeVos added: “If the question is around gun violence and the results of that, please know that my heart bleeds and is broken for those families that have lost any individual due to gun violence.”
Murkowski subsequently told reporters: “I was trying to get to yes and I couldn’t.” Her opposition, with Collins, sets up a 50-50 tie in the Senate if all Democrats vote against DeVos and no other Republicans dissent. As Senate president, Pence would then cast the tie-breaking vote.
Two weeks after Trump’s inauguration, many seats in his cabinet remain unfilled. On Friday the nominee for army secretary, Vincent Viola, withdrew from consideration. On Sunday, Pence blamed such slow progress on Democrats.
As part of an answer to a question about possible efforts to block Neil Gorsuch, Trump’s nominee for the supreme court seat over which Republicans would not grant even a hearing to President Obama’s nominee, Merrick Garland, Pence said: “It’s really been surprising to me since the advent of this administration to see the obstruction by [Senate minority leader Chuck] Schumer and Senate Democrats of one cabinet nominee after another.
“I’m going to be called on next week for the first time in American history as vice-president to cast the deciding tie-breaking vote for a cabinet nominee … I think it shows obstruction by the Democrats in the Senate. And the American people are tired of it. 
“They want to see this president have his cabinet. And we’re going to continue to work our hearts out for the American people to make sure all those things happen, despite Senator Schumer and his colleagues’ obstruction of efforts.” 
DeVos’ husband, Dick DeVos, is an heir to the Amway direct sales fortune and her brother is Blackwater founder Erik Prince. A former chair of the Michigan Republican party, she donated to Carly Fiorina and Jeb Bush in the 2016 primary and ultimately endorsed Marco Rubio. 
In March last year, she told the Washington Examiner she considered Trump an “interloper” who “does not represent the Republican party”. 
On Friday, the Senate voted on party lines, 52-48, to limit debate on DeVos’s nomination. The confirmation vote is on Tuesday.



ARTICLE
Elizabeth Warren arrived on the Senate floor to deliver a speech that on a typical day of debate might have gone unwatched, lost in the worthy public affairs television archives of C-Span.
Instead, she left as the de facto face of opposition to Donald Trump, cementing herself once more as a figurehead among Democrats in search of a leader.
The rancor over Trump’s cabinet nominees has played out dramatically in Washington, as Senate Democrats have gone to great lengths – from boycotting committee votes to holding the floor of the chamber overnight – to slow the president as he assembles his administration.
Few have been as fierce in their criticism as Warren, whose stand against attorney general nominee Jeff Sessions late on Tuesday confirmed her once again as an unflinching Trump attack dog.
Stopped in mid-speech by Republican leaders, she left the chamber and turned to Facebook Live to read a letter written 30 years prior by Coretta Scott King, in which the widow of Dr Martin Luther King Jr warned of Sessions’s civil rights record as she opposed his nomination at the time for a federal judgeship.
“Mr Sessions has used the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens in the district he now seeks to serve as a federal judge,” Warren quoted King as writing in the 1986 letter addressed to the Senate judiciary committee.
By silencing Warren, Republicans confirmed the Massachusetts senator as the principal standard bearer for the Democratic party as it sifts the wreckage of its stunning losses in the 2016 election. Her overnight status as leader of the resistance, will also bring its reward in political donations as she prepares to fight for re-election to the Senate in 2018.
For the more machiavellian observers of Washington politics, the elevation of Warren helps Republicans. One strategist quickly suggested it was “delusional” to imagine she had broad appeal, and suggested Trump would like to face her in a 2020 presidential race because she is reviled on the right almost every bit as much as Hillary Clinton.
Warren, who arrived in the Senate in 2013, quickly rose as a progressive icon for taking an aggressive stand against Wall Street, but she ignored calls to stand as a challenger to establishment favorite Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination.
Despite the emergence of a “Draft Warren” campaign from Democratic supporters in 2016, the senator instead eventually joined hands with Clinton, a former rival, and embraced the role of Trump’s sharpest challenger.
While others feared his rage, she tangled with him on Twitter and rebuked him in public appearances. As one of Clinton’s top surrogates on the campaign trail, Warren viciously attacked Trump, who had nicknamed her “Pocahontas”, a slur aimed at her claim of Native American ancestry.
Perhaps most memorably, she transformed Trump’s slight of Clinton as a “nasty woman” into a unifying catchphrase, warning the Republican nominee: “Nasty women fight back.”
“She gets under his thin skin like nobody else,” Clinton said of Warren during a speech in New Hampshire. “I expect if Donald heard what she said, he’s tweeting like mad.”
At the time, Warren was regarded first as a potential pick for Clinton’s running mate and later a top contender for a post in the Democratic nominee’s eventual cabinet.
By January, after Clinton’s defeat, she found herself attending Trump’s inauguration – although the Planned Parenthood scarf she wore signalled her refusal to accept his agenda.
Speculation that she might challenge Trump in 2020 already accompanies her every move, notably her intense grilling of his cabinet nominees.
There was an acute exchange over student debt between Warren and billionaire Betsy DeVos, whose confirmation as Trump’s education secretary was forced over the line on Tuesday.
She baited Tom Price, the nominee for health secretary, into refusing to offer a firm commitment as to whether he would cut popular government programs Medicare and Medicaid.
And Warren, not unlike Trump, has used the reach of Twitter to harness her populist message.
She has a new book due out in April, This Fight Is Our Fight: The Battle to Save America’s Middle Class, which has fueled speculation about her ambitions. Although Warren began work on the book well before Trump’s election, it will focus on his administration’s agenda.
“America’s once-solid middle class is on the ropes, and now Donald Trump and his administration seem determined to deliver the knockout punch,” Warren said in a statement on her book.
“At this perilous moment in our country’s history, it’s time to fight back – and I’m looking for more people to join me.”
In a moment when millions of marchers are galvanized in opposition to Trump, Warren stands out as an elected Democrat willing to fight. She faces a re-election campaign in the 2018 midterms, when Democrats must hope their fightback becomes tangible. In a letter to supporters announcing her intention to seek a second term, Warren foreshadowed “smears and rightwing attacks” from Trump, Republican leaders, GOP mega-donors such as the Koch brothers and Wall Street.
Warren will be a prime target for Republicans despite representing a comfortably blue state. A recent poll of Massachusetts voters suggested her future opponent may have an opening.
When asked if Warren deserved re-election, 46% said it was time to “give someone else a chance” compared with 44% who said she should get another term.
The late-night stand against Sessions might help to bolster Warren’s popularity. The hashtag #LetLizSpeak quickly trended during the Senate showdown, followed by another show of support as social media users flooded Twitter the morning after with the hashtag #ShePersisted.
Warren’s moment also appeared to instantaneously repair relations with progressives who had been upset by her vote in favor of Ben Carson, Trump’s nominee for secretary of housing and development.
Warren confronted frustrated liberals in a Facebook post acknowledging their disappointment: “OK, let’s talk about Dr Ben Carson.”
She defended her decision to support the retired neurosurgeon, maintaining she still held “serious, deep, profound concerns” about his inexperience and disagreed with many of his public statements, but said she had extracted written promises from him on issues ranging from homelessness to fair housing laws.
Warren urged supporters to stay in the fight and keep speaking up, adding: “Unlike the new administration, I don’t believe in ignoring or silencing people who disagree with the choices I make or the votes I take.”
As Warren dominated the conversation on Wednesday, Clinton tweeted her support, writing: “She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted. So must we all.”



ARTICLE
A lawyer seeking to reinstate Donald Trump’s travel ban was grilled by a panel of three judges on Tuesday, facing questions over the president’s inflammatory campaign promise to close America’s borders to Muslims.
August Flentje, of the Department of Justice, was put on the spot over why seven Muslim-majority countries had been targeted in Trump’s executive order, as well as past statements made by the president and his ally Rudy Giuliani.
The hour-long hearing before the San Francisco-based ninth circuit court of appeals was the most significant legal battle yet over the ban. The judges said they would try to deliver a ruling as soon as possible but gave no indication of when.
Flentje, reportedly called up for the hearing at short notice, asked the judges for a stay on the temporary restraining order placed on Trump’s travel ban by district court judge James Robart last week.
The executive order barred all visitors from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen from entering the US for 90 days, and suspended Syrian refugees entry indefinitely and all others for 120 days.
During a hearing conducted by telephone between various locations, Flentje described the ban as putting a “temporary pause” on travelers from countries that “pose special risk”. He said the seven countries targeted had “significant terrorist presence” or were “safe havens for terrorism”.
Trump’s actions were “plainly constitutional”, Flentje argued, as the president sought to strike a balance between welcoming visitors and securing the nation of the risk of terrorism. “The president has struck that balance,” he said. “The district court order upset that balance.”
Flentje argued that the district court restraining order was too broad, giving rights to people “who have never been to the United States” and “really needs to be narrowed”.
Judge Michelle Friedland asked: “Are you arguing then that the president’s decision in the regard is unreviewable?”
Flentje replied: “Yes, there are obviously constitutional limitations.”
But Judge William Canby pointed out that people from the seven countries already could not come into the country without a visa and were subject to “the usual investigations”. How many of these people had committed terrorist attacks in the US, he wondered, before pointing out it was none. 
Flentje pointed to Congress’s determination that they were countries of concern, an argument that Judge Richard Clifton dismissed as “pretty abstract”.
Trying to regain ground, the lawyer said: “Well, I was just about to at least mention a few examples. There have been a number of people from Somalia connected to al-Shabaab [an Islamist militant group] who have been convicted in the United States.”
Friedland, who was appointed by Barack Obama, interjected: “Is that in the record? Can you point us to what, where in the record you are referring?”
Flentje admitted: “It is not in the record.”
The panel of judges continued to hammer away at the government lawyer, who sometimes left long pauses before replying. He conceded that some elements of the executive order might be “problematic”.
Canby, an appointee of Jimmy Carter, pondered: “Could the president simply say in the order, we’re not going to let any Muslims in?”
Flentje said: “That’s not what the order does.”
But Canby pressed: “Could he do that? Would anyone be able to challenge that? It’s a hypothetical point.”
Clifton, an appointee of George W Bush, added: “If the order said Muslims cannot be admitted, would anyone have standing to challenge that?”
Flentje repeatedly insisted that this is not what the order says: “This is a far cry from that situation.”
But later in the hearing one of Trump’s most divisive campaign promises – a “total and complete shutdown on Muslims entering the United States” – reared its head. Washington state and Minnesota, which won the restraining order against the ban, have argued that the court must take note of Trump’s rhetoric.
Clifton asked Flentje if he denied that the Republican candidate had made those statements about a Muslim ban. 
Flentje protested: “It is extraordinary to enjoin the president’s national security determination based on some newspaper articles, and that’s what has happened here. That is some very troubling second guessing.”
Noah Purcell, Washington state’s solicitor general who argued the case on behalf of his own state and Minnesota last week, argued on Tuesday that the government had shown no “irreparable harm” from keeping the temporary restraining order in place. But, he said, several harms had already been demonstrated in the period the travel ban was in effect: “Families were separated. Longtime residents were unable to travel overseas. There is lost tax revenue.”
The court should “look behind” the executive order for the motivation, Purcell argued, saying it amounted to discrimination on religious grounds. But Clifton said the seven countries made up a minority of Muslims worldwide. “My quick pencilling suggests it’s something less than 15%,” he said.
“I have trouble understanding why we’re supposed to infer religious animus when in fact the vast majority of Muslims would not be affected, and where the concern for terrorism from radical sects is hard to deny.” 
Purcell pointed to “shocking” public statements from the president and former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani, who recently said, “So when [Trump] first announced it, he said, ‘Muslim ban’. He called me up. He said, ‘Put a commission together. Show me the right way to do it legally.’”
Whatever the court eventually decides, either side could ask the supreme court to intervene, raising the prospect of a long and drawn-out legal battle.



ARTICLE
After the botched roll-out of the first travel ban on 27 January, which was met with bureaucratic confusion and legal battles, Republicans proved far more comfortable with Trump’s second executive order.
The revised travel ban excludes Iraq, instead limiting travel from six Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East and Africa.
Senator Lindsey Graham, who was a vocal critic of the original executive order, told reporters on Monday he thought the White House had made the necessary changes. “I think it’s going to stand legal scrutiny [and] it will make the country safer,” said the South Carolina Republican. “It is prospective in application, it’s clearly not a Muslim ban, lawful visa-holders’ visas will be honored.”
He also was particularly pleased that Iraq was not subject to the revised order. “We have over 5,000 US forces fighting on the ground alongside Iraqis. I think it is a really good overhaul.” 
Arizona senator John McCain, who had also criticized the original executive order, echoed Graham’s support. “I’m glad they took Iraq out of the category they had it in. To put Iraq and Iran in same category is ridiculous.”
However, the 2008 Republican presidential nominee declined to weigh in on the new executive order in its entirety, telling reporters: “I haven’t had a chance to look at it.”
Those who had supported Trump’s original order also welcomed the change. Representative Raul Labrador of Idaho said in a statement: “While I believe [Trump’s] initial order was legally sound, the implementation left much room for improvement. Today’s revised executive order begins fulfilling President Trump’s promise to put America’s safety first, and also ensures that our agents act uniformly at our borders.”
Democrats continued to rail against the revised executive order. Senator Bob Casey of Pennsylvania said in a statement: “This new travel ban is inconsistent with our values and won’t keep America safe.”
He was echoed by Angus King of Maine, an independent who caucuses with Democrats. “President Trump’s original travel ban was a serious policy mistake and legally questionable – and that he needed to issue a new, revised ban only underscores that fact.”
In his view, King added: “A deliberate strategy of Isis and other extremist groups is to create a divide between America and the Muslim world in order to drive Muslims towards their brand of extremist violence and terrorism.
“Unfortunately, the president’s travel ban, even with its revisions, continues to risk playing into that strategy, which I believe will result in the weakening of our national security – not the strengthening of it, as the president intended.”
Both King and Casey face re-election in 2018 in states where Trump had strongly outperformed past Republican candidates. 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump signed a new executive order on 6 March, in an attempt to reset the terms of, and the legal fight over, his January order to indefinitely ban Syrian refugees and temporarily ban all other refugees and travel from seven predominantly Muslim countries.
The new order formally cancels the first, and tries to resolve legal problems raised by it. It narrows the countries down to six – Syria, Sudan, Yemen, Iran, Somalia and Libya. It explicitly exempts people with valid visas and green cards from the order, and says that Syrian refugees will not be treated differently than other refugees. Unlike the original, the order also makes clear that US agencies will review case-by-case exceptions.
The new order removes a provision that gave priority to religious minorities in their home countries – a section that opponents linked to the president’s stated preference for Christian refugees – but also defends it, saying: “That order was not motivated by animus toward any religion.”
The order is set to take effect at 00.01am on 16 March, at which point it would, barring challenge, suspend the refugee program for 120 days.
The changes to the order appear designed to limit the legal challenges that can be made against it. While many challengers of the original ban were people with valid visas who had been denied entry or had their visas revoked, those people are now exempted by the ban.
The first order was suspended. After chaos at airports and lawsuits nationwide, a federal judge in Seattle ordered a nationwide suspension of the order. Attorneys for the justice department then failed to convince appeals court judges that the ban should be reinstated because of national security concerns. In a unanimous ruling, the three judges acknowledged the president had broad discretion on immigration but rebuked the administration’s claim that it had “unreviewable authority”. The judges also questioned the administration for failing to provide evidence of its national security concerns.
On Twitter, the president told the ninth circuit judges he would “see you in court”, seeming to suggest he would take the case to the supreme court. He did not.
The justice department argues that the order is motivated by concerns for national security. At a press conference, the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, said 300 refugees were currently under counter-terror investigation by the FBI, but he did not say whether those people were from the six countries or whether there were any findings of wrongdoing in those cases. At the same event, the homeland security secretary, John Kelly, recalled the 9/11 attacks, though the hijackers involved in that attack were from Saudi Arabia, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates and Lebanon.
The executive order bases its argument on conditions in the listed countries: the presence of “active conflict zones”, eg in Somalia, Yemen, Libya, Sudan and Syria, and/or a country’s status on the state department’s list of sponsors of terrorism, eg Iran, Syria and Sudan.
In a fact sheet, the administration also claims, without examples, that the US immigration system “has been repeatedly exploited by terrorists and other malicious actors who seek to do us harm”.
The order itself does not claim that people from the listed countries have exploited the US’s immigration system, but says that the expanding presence of terror groups in these countries “increases the chance that conditions will be exploited to enable terrorist operatives or sympathizers to travel to the United States”.
The president’s revised order is subject to a number of legal challenges in federal courts. Significantly, at least two of these cases, in Maryland and Hawaii, will see hearings the day before the ban is due to go into effect.
A coalition of Democratic-led states have also joined a revised challenge in Washington state, where the judge who issued the nationwide injunction against Trump’s first ban has been asked to apply the same order to the president’s second iteration.
Central to many of these claims is that Trump’s new order, while revised, contains many of the same constitutional violations as the first. The cases in Hawaii and Washington state make reference to the fact that administration officials have said in public that the second ban is designed to the have the same effect as the first.
Probably the only ruling made against the revised ban thus far is a narrow order handed down in Wisconsin, which prevented the administration from enforcing the order against a single Syrian family.
With the last order, administration lawyers struggled to make the president’s case that national security was the central issue, and judges expressed frustration with the justice department’s slow, faltering and shifting arguments – which contrast with the claim that the order is urgently necessary. Judges have also, however, expressed willingness to defer to the president on immigration, and the new order has many exemptions that repair glaring weaknesses in the original.
The Cornell law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr told the Guardian last week that the new order would “make it tougher to win in court” against the measure, noting that the government now included paragraphs about security risks of each of the affected countries.
Yale-Loehr also said the narrower scope of the law might make it more difficult for affected people – foreign nationals – to challenge the law in US courts. He said challengers would have to rely on American citizens and businesses, for instance someone who alleged their rights were violated because a loved one was denied a visa, or a company barred from hiring someone.











ARTICLE
Senior White House adviser Kellyanne Conway says she doesn’t have any evidence to support Donald Trump’s claim that Barack Obama wiretapped Trump Tower phone lines during the election.
Instead, Conway is pointing to recent revelations about other government surveillance to suggest it was possible Obama used a different technique.
Her response was unlikely to tamp down criticism of Trump’s tweets earlier this month. The House intelligence committee has asked the administration to provide evidence of the allegation by Monday.
“The answer is I don’t have any evidence and I’m very happy that the House intelligence committee [is] investigating,” Conway told ABC’s Good Morning America. She later tweeted that the administration was “pleased” with the ongoing congressional investigation and “will comment after”.
Trump’s critics have slammed the president for making the explosive wiretapping claim on his Twitter account without evidence. Wiretapping a US citizen would require special permission from a court, and Trump as president would have the ability to declassify that information.
James Clapper, who was Obama’s director of national intelligence, has said that nothing matching Trump’s claims had taken place.
Also this month, WikiLeaks released nearly 8,000 documents that purportedly reveal secrets about the CIA’s tools for breaking into targeted computers, cellphones and even smart TVs.
Conway noted that development to justify Trump’s claims.
“What I can say is there are many ways to surveil each other now, unfortunately,” including “microwaves that turn into cameras, etc,” Conway told New Jersey’s the Record newspaper in an interview on Sunday. “So we know that that is just a fact of modern life.”
Conway told Good Morning America that “I wasn’t making a suggestion about Trump Tower”. She said she was answering a question about surveillance “generally”, and without specific reference to the current controversy.
The FBI director, James Comey, has privately urged the justice department to dispute Trump’s claim but has not come forward to do so himself.
Senator John McCain, an influential Republican, said on Sunday: “I think the president has one of two choices: either retract or to provide the information that the American people deserve, because, if his predecessor violated the law, President Obama violated the law, we have got a serious issue here, to say the least,” the Arizona senator said.
The House intelligence committee’s request for evidence by Monday was made in a letter sent to the justice department by the panel’s chairman, Representative Devin Nunes, a Republican from California, and its ranking Democrat, Representative Adam Schiff, a Democrat from California, according to a congressional official. The aide was not authorized to discuss the request by name and requested anonymity.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, has all but confirmed that he offered to testify before the FBI and congressional committees about potential links between the Trump campaign and Russia in exchange for immunity.
Flynn, who was ousted from his post in February for misleading the White House about discussions he held with the Russian ambassador to the US, released a statement on Thursday through his lawyer declaring that he had a story to tell – but was first seeking “assurances against unfair prosecution”.
The Wall Street Journal first reported on Flynn’s offer to cut a deal with the FBI and Senate and House intelligence committees.
In his statement, Flynn’s counsel, Robert Kelner, wrote: “General Flynn certainly has a story to tell, and he very much wants to tell it, should the circumstances permit.”
Kelner declined to comment on the details of Flynn’s conversations with the federal and congressional officials who are conducting separate inquiries into Russian interference in the US election. 
But he noted Flynn was “the target of unsubstantiated public demands by members of Congress and other political critics that he be criminally investigated”. 
“No reasonable person, who has the benefit of advice from counsel, would submit to questioning in such a highly politicized, witch-hunt environment without assurances against unfair prosecution.”
On Friday morning, Trump supported Flynn’s position, tweeting: “Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media & Dems, of historic proportion!”
Contrary to the assertion by Flynn’s lawyers that discussions with the relevant committees were under way, top aides to members of the House intelligence committee disputed the claim.
Jack Langer, a spokesman for the committee chairman, Devin Nunes, said no such offer had been made by Flynn in exchange for immunity.
Adam Schiff, the panel’s top Democrat, responded to the statement from Flynn’s attorney by noting it was “a grave and momentous step” for a former national security adviser to the president to seek for immunity from prosecution. 
“When the time comes to consider requests for immunity from any witness, we will of course require a detailed proffer of any intended testimony,” Schiff said, while adding the House committee would discuss the matter with its counterparts in the Senate and the Justice Department. 
“While Mr Flynn’s testimony is of great interest to our committee, we are also deeply mindful of the interests of the Department of Justice in the matter,” Schiff said.
A spokeswoman for the Department of Justice declined to comment.
A government official with direct knowledge of the case told Reuters lawyers for Flynn raised the immunity request roughly 10 days ago with representatives of the Senate intelligence committee. 
Officials said the committee was not interested in any immunity discussions at that time. On Friday, the Maine independent senator Angus King, a member of the Senate panel, said it was too soon to discuss immunity for Flynn.
Speaking to CNN, King criticized Trump’s remark and said: “This is not a witch-hunt. This is an effort to get to the truth of some very important questions. 
“There is no doubt whatsoever that the Russians were behind an effort to interfere in our elections. To continue to deny that – it just flies in the face of all of the reality.”
Flynn was forced to resign earlier this year after it was revealed he lied to Mike Pence about the nature of his conversations with Sergey Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the US. 
Flynn spoke with the ambassador on multiple occasions during the transition process. One of those discussions pertained to US sanctions against Russia and occurred on 29 December – the same day Barack Obama levied more sanctions against Russian officials as an act of retribution toward its government for meddling in the election.
Flynn was also paid nearly $68,000 in fees and expenses by Russian-linked companies in 2015, the majority of which came from the Russian government-backed television network RT.
Immunity is typically sought to avoid penalty for breaking the law. Flynn agreed with the characterization while discussing the partial immunity granted to an aide to Hillary Clinton amid the federal government’s investigation of the former secretary of state’s use of a private email server at the state department.
Speaking to NBC’s Meet the Press in September, two months before the election, Flynn stated: “When you are given immunity, that means you have probably committed a crime.”



ARTICLE
President Trump could sign an executive order on Monday intended to renegotiate the free trade agreement between the US, Canada and Mexico, it was reported on Monday.
The North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta), negotiated by George HW Bush and enacted in the 1994 by Bill Clinton, was supported by more Republicans than Democrats.
But Trump hammered the deal during his election campaign, focusing populist anger in industrial heartland against trade, and expressed similar sentiments to business leaders at the White House on Monday.
“We want to bring manufacturing back to our country,” the president said, promising to slash regulations. “It’s one of the reasons I’m sitting here instead of somebody else sitting here.”
He added: “We want to start making our products again. We don’t want to bring them in; we want to make them here. That doesn’t mean we don’t trade because we do trade, but we want to make our products here. 
“If you look at some of the original great people that ran this country, you will see that they felt very strongly about that.”
Since winning last November’s election, Trump has singled out and threatened to impose tariffs on US companies that move production to Mexico.
On Monday, he promised: “There will be advantages to companies that do indeed make their products here. It’s going to be a wave. You watch, it’s going to be a wave.”
Trump had said on Sunday he planned talks with the Canadian prime minister, Justin Trudeau, and the Mexican president, Enrique Peña Nieto, to begin renegotiating Nafta “on immigration and on security at the border”. Citing an unidentified White House official, NBC said the executive order could come on Monday.
Canada’s ambassador to the US said it was clear the Trump team were concerned principally about trade deficits with Mexico and China. “I don’t think Canada is the focus at all,” David MacNaughton told reporters in Calgary, Alberta.
On Monday, Trump also intends to sign an executive order pulling out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), according to NBC. The TPP, among 11 Pacific rim countries, was backed by Barack Obama but was never ratified by the Republican-controlled Congress.
Trump, who was sworn in as the 45th US president on Friday, targeted both trade pacts during his election campaign. His opponent, Hillary Clinton, also spoke out against the TPP.
Trump has been accused of hypocrisy because many of his business’s own products are manufactured overseas.
In his bleak inaugural address on Friday, Trump described “rusted-out factories scattered like tombstones across the landscape of our nation” and pledged to boost US industries over those abroad. Critics argue that some trends, such as the automation of factories, are irreversible.
Trump’s official schedule on Monday includes a 10.30am signing of executive orders in the Oval Office. He began the day tweeting: “Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.”
The new president has a meeting with union leaders and workers in the afternoon, followed by a reception with members of Congress and a meeting with House speaker Paul Ryan. His controversial press secretary, Sean Spicer, will also hold a media briefing.
A Senate committee is set to vote on Trump’s nominee for secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, the former head of ExxonMobil. There is speculation over whether Marco Rubio, a senator for Florida, will give his backing.
The White House is seeking to recover from a rocky opening weekend in which Trump was criticised for using a CIA appearance to boast about his inauguration crowds and attack the media. Spicer presented false information at his first press briefing.
Trump also spoke with the Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, who accepted an invitation to visit the White House in early February.



ARTICLE


Ifra Ahmed lived most of her life on the run before finding unlikely sanctuary among the towering grain silos and carpet-flat fields of south-west Kansas.
When she was two years old, her parents carried her from the port city of Kismayo in southern Somalia across the Kenyan border, as they fled the start of the brutal civil war. She languished in an arid refugee camp in Dadaab for two years, and then moved across Lake Victoria to another sprawling camp in southern Uganda, living among 60,000 other displaced people. At school, in a class of 70 children, she excelled, learned English, and applied for permanent resettlement in the US. It took over a decade. 
Four years ago, she arrived in Garden City, a remote industrial farming town where the abundance of low-skilled jobs has long drawn refugees and migrants. It was the first place the 28-year-old felt confident calling home. Until the threat of terrible violence occurred once again. 
In October last year, federal prosecutors announced that three men affiliated with a loose national anti-government militia movement had been charged with plotting to blow up the small mosque frequented by Garden City’s 500-strong Somali population. 
They had monitored apartment blocks, including Ahmed’s, which were known to house refugees, stockpiled an arsenal of weapons, and planned to kill as many Muslims – “cockroaches”, as they called them – as they could by detonating explosives in four trucks laden with ammonium nitrate, according to an affidavit. The assault was due to take place on the day after the election and could have been the deadliest domestic terror attack since the Oklahoma bombing in 1995. 
“I thought of having to restart all over again,” Ahmed said, sipping masala chai at her ground floor apartment daubed in pink and purple silks. “I couldn’t even imagine it because I have done it so many times.” 
The incident received only fleeting national coverage, occurring less than a month before the presidential election. During a campaign which had already been dominated by Islamophobic slurs and fearmongering over the threats of terrorism, Donald Trump said nothing of the foiled plot. He and his aides have since gone on to perpetuate the falsehood of non-existent attacks since assuming office in order to justify a controversial travel ban imposed against seven Muslim-majority countries, including Somalia. 
But the plot did not occur in a vacuum. 
According to recent FBI statistics, hate crimes against Muslims soared by 67% in 2015, marking the sharpest increase in targeted crimes against minority groups – and reaching the highest total, 257 incidents – since the year of the 9/11 attacks. Analysts also argue the plot was indicative of an alarming proliferation of anti-Muslim hate groups riding the wave of Trump’s rhetoric. One of the accused plotters told the Guardian that the presidential election had “encouraged” his actions, despite protesting his innocence.
Though the diverse community rallied around its refugees in the wake of the plot, this small county voted overwhelmingly in support of Trump, to the dismay of many immigrants here.
“It is kind of the same fear when Donald Trump was elected and what happened in October,” Ahmed said. But for her, as for many refugees, talking politics in the wake of Trump’s victory was difficult: “The more you talk about politics, the more problems you ask for,” she said.
•••
“The only good Muslim is a dead Muslim,” said Patrick Stein during a conversation with his alleged co-conspirators, Gavin Wright and Curtis Allen, in July 2016. Unbeknown to the group, they were joined by another member who had been secretly recording their activities for the FBI since February and would continue monitoring them until their arrest in October.
At Wright and Allen’s modular home business on a dusty patch of gravel in the outskirts of Liberal, Kansas, a town 60 miles from Garden City, the group – members of a statewide anti-government militia group named the Kansas Security Force (KSF) – had convened a meeting of their own sub-militia called “the Crusaders”. They were plotting targets, according to an affidavit, and pulled up an image of Garden City on Google Maps, dropping pins on locations they labelled “cockroaches”. They had decided to target Muslims in response to the Orlando terror attack that occurred the month before, the affidavit said. 
“When we go on operations, there’s no leaving anyone behind, even if it’s a one-year old, I’m serious,” Stein continued. “I guarantee if I go on a mission those little fuckers are going bye-bye.” 
At their next meeting, in August, the group decided on their final target, a converted apartment that serves as a community mosque, embedded in the heart of a complex populated entirely by refugees. They began collecting the components to construct a number of large explosives, Stein was recorded testing automatic rifles he was supplied by undercover agents, and Allen collected piles of ammunition that, by the time of his arrest, weighed “close to a metric ton”. They prepared a manifesto to be released at the time of the attack and carried out further reconnaissance trips to Garden City (during one previous trip in February, Stein had shouted “fucking raghead bitches” out of a car window towards a group of Somali women). 
The FBI eventually swooped on 11 October, after Allen’s girlfriend reported him to local police for domestic assault and told officers she had seen him preparing a “white powdery substance” she believed to be explosives. 
“They had an intense hatred of Muslims,” said a former senior member of the KSF who knew all three men and spoke to the Guardian on condition of anonymity. “It was just constant.”
The KSF formed in 2012 and had a membership of about 90 people by the time “the Crusaders” were arrested. Most were from south and west Kansas and many were former military personnel. They mostly communicated over social media and so-called “field training” was only occasional and drew small numbers of people. 
Stein, the source said, joined the militia around late 2013 and had previously been a member of a larger, more moderate group with which he became disenchanted. He was drawn to the KSF “because it was more based in the constitution”. He brought Wright into the group as well. 
Allen, who posted on social media about his support for Trump, was temporarily ejected from the militia at the end of 2014 after allegations of domestic abuse, but was allowed to rejoin about six months later, the source said. 
In 2016, as the presidential race intensified, the three men’s ardent Islamophobia became more intense and had spread to other members of the militia. “The group dynamic changed,” said the source. “[They] were saying Islam is a plague, we need to deal with it, we need to watch it, we need to keep an eye on it. Even I fell into it.”
Stein, the source said, had made open comments on the group’s Facebook chat that endorsed violence. The former militiaman estimated about 15 KSF members shared the plotters’ racist views and “two or three” other KSF members attended meetings of this sub-militia, but none were aware of their plans to commit violence. 
The KSF believed they had come to the attention of the FBI in March after threatening an armed protest outside a mosque in Wichita, the largest city in the state, against a visiting preacher they deemed an affiliate of the Palestinian fundamentalist group Hamas. But the Guardian was told by a separate source familiar with the investigation that agents had targeted the group well before this. 
All three men have pleaded not guilty to domestic terror charges and are expected to face trial in autumn this year. 
Lawyers for Allen and Stein declined to comment. In a statement to the Guardian through his lawyer, Wright said he refuted some claims made in the affidavit and had not joined the group until 2016, denied he hated Muslims and argued that he was entitled to engage in “survivalist activities and ‘prepping’” for when “shit hits the fan”. 
He added: “Many 2016 candidates for political office in the United States encouraged these same views.” 
In 2016, according to research published by the anti-extremist not-for-profit group the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC), the number of anti-Muslim hate groups in the US almost tripled, increasing from 34 to 101. The research center partially attributed this extraordinary proliferation to Trump’s “incendiary rhetoric” on the campaign trail. 
The KSF itself was a chapter within a broader national network of militias, the 3%ers, known for its overt Islamophobia. It was created in 2009 in response to Barack Obama’s election victory and boasts around 400 members, in about seven states, said Chris Hill, a Georgia-based leader of the national movement. All ties to the KSF were cut off after the three men were arrested, and the Kansas chapter itself was shut down shortly after, Hill said. 
“They went wrong when they decided to go offensive. We don’t advocate violence on unarmed, innocent people,” said Hill, a paralegal and Trump supporter who also goes by the pseudonym “Bloodagent”. “We have a political grievance, no doubt, that needs to be addressed, and we need to be vocal, but we are defensive in nature.”
Hill’s Georgia chapter itself was also labelled a hate group by the SPLC after the group protested against the extension of a mosque in an Atlanta suburb, which he labelled a “Disneyland for terrorists”, and allegedly threatened local government officials in charge of planning permission in September last year. 
•••
In the days after the three men were arrested, there was an outpouring of support from many in the Kansas community. Vigils and prayer services occurred in town, drawing people from across the partisan political divide. Immigrants and refugees from Africa, Latin America and south-east Asia have long been drawn to the city, attracted by the abundance of jobs at a large beef slaughterhouse on the outskirts of town. The city is now only 43% white. Local church groups run family outreach programs and free literacy courses for refugees. A new health clinic with translation services was opened last weekend, funded by donations. 
The support was also echoed among conservative politicians in the state. 
“I was, frankly, shocked that it [domestic terrorism] would come home to roost in my town here in the midwest. We, our neighbors, our Somalis, our Vietnamese … here in Garden City are determined to get along,” said Dr William Clifford, president of the Finney County Republican party. “The people here, I feel, are vetted, and they’re working hard. They’re contributing,” he added. 
Days after the arrest, the Republican governor of Kansas, Sam Brownback, said: “This sort of hate and violence doesn’t have any place in this country, let alone our state.” 
But there is a reticence among those in these conservative circles to draw even indirect links between the tenor of the election or local politics and the bomb plot itself. 
Months earlier, Brownback had withdrawn Kansas from the federal government’s refugee resettlement program, citing widely discredited national security concerns during the height of the Syrian refugee crisis. Civil liberty groups labelled the move a fearmongering distraction technique. 
Clifford, a self-described moderate and the son of an Irish undocumented immigrant, defended the move as exercising a state’s “right to control borders”. 
He acknowledged some in the Somali community could have felt “quite threatened” by Trump’s campaign and the travel ban, but argued: “We’re a country of laws, so that’s what I support [the ban]. Mr Trump has promised to support the laws, to enforce the laws, which many of us didn’t feel was being done previously.” 
At the Africa Shop, one of the major Somali community hubs a short walk away from the mosque, CNN played in the background as a couple of men shot pool after clocking off from their shifts at the slaughterhouse, where about 5,000 cattle are killed each day. 
Abdishakur Mohamed Noor, a homeless 55-year-old from Mogadishu, said he had been sleeping at the mosque at the time the men were arrested. “I was very, very scared,” he said, adding he believed he had seen some of the conspirators surveilling the community in the weeks before. Like Ifra Ahmed, he did not want to talk about Donald Trump. 
Aden Ibrahim Knaan, a community leader and owner of the store, received his US citizenship five years ago and is one of the few Somalis comfortable openly discussing politics. 
“It [Islamophobia] was something he was using in his campaign to get elected,” he said. “It’s not right at all.” 
“There have been many incidences inside America where you hear students getting killed, teachers getting killed, but they never talk about that and they don’t label it as a terrorist act.” 
Knaan smiled when the election result in Finney County was mentioned, but shared some of the optimism felt by conservatives, too.
“Donald Trump and the people are two separate entities,” he said through a translator. “Trump is an individual. The people here are a wide spectrum of diverse individuals. We are very happy with those who support us and we welcome all who were there for us.”
Ifra Ahmed also wants to become an American citizen. She is employed at the slaughterhouse, and has risen quickly through the ranks to become a supervisor. As she prepared for her shift, she spoke about her love of Oprah Winfrey and her desire to finish community college to qualify as a veterinarian. 
The beginning of February marked her fifth anniversary in the US, meaning she was able to apply for US citizenship. But she decided to withhold the application, fearful of what might happen next.
She had planned to visit her mother, whom she has not seen in a decade, sometime in the fall of this year. But now, as the president plans to introduce another executive order targeting travel from the same seven countries, she has left those plans on hold, too, worried she may not be allowed back into the United States. 
“I’m still scared,” she said. “I want everything to calm down.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump on Tuesday said that a spate of bomb threats against Jewish centers could have been an attempt “to make others look bad”, according to the Pennsylvania attorney general, Josh Shapiro, who attended a White House meeting with other state law enforcement officials.
 Trump’s comments as described by Shapiro appeared to suggest that some of the threats may have been manufactured for political reasons. Trump made similar remarks at a news conference earlier this month when asked about acts of discrimination, saying some incidents had been created by his opponents to generate negative media coverage.
 During a meeting at the White House with dozens of state attorneys general on Tuesday, Trump called the threats “reprehensible”, said Shapiro, who summarized the president’s remarks during a conference call with reporters.
 But Trump then added that “the reverse could be true” and that the incidents could be aimed at making “someone else look bad”, said Shapiro, a Democrat.
 The president’s words came in response to a question from Shapiro about the threats. He said two of his children had to be evacuated from their day school on Monday.
 “I found that statement to be a bit curious,” Shapiro said, though he declined to speculate about what Trump may have meant.
 Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a White House spokeswoman, said she was not part of Tuesday’s meeting, referring to it as a “private conversation”, but said the president had always condemned antisemitic acts.
 “What I do know is the conversations I have had with the president,” Sanders said. “He’s been extremely clear and extremely consistent on this topic: any act of violence toward people of the Jewish faith is condemned by this administration.“
 The discussion came a day after Jewish community centers and schools in at least 13 states reported receiving bomb threats, the fifth such wave this year. The incidents, which Shapiro said totaled 100, have alarmed Jewish groups fearful that antisemitism is on the rise. No explosives have been found in any of the incidents reported this year.
 The Mississippi attorney general, Democrat Jim Hood, largely confirmed Shapiro’s account.
 “He kind of said something to the effect: ‘Maybe that was an insider job,’” Hood said. “He said something about: some of the time those situations happen to make another look bad.”
 Another Democratic attorney general, Oregon’s Ellen Rosenblum, said she was “utterly confused” by what Trump meant by “reverse”.
 “It was a cordial exchange, so nobody followed up,” Rosenblum said.
 Herbert Slatery, the Republican attorney general from Tennessee, said Trump clearly denounced the threats before engaging in what Slatery described as a “hypothetical”.
 “I thought it was fairly innocuous,” Slatery said.
The hedge fund manager Anthony Scaramucci, a donor to Trump who was reportedly being considered for a White House position, made a connection in a tweet between the threats and Democrats.
But he rejected the notion that he was implying Democrats were responsible.
 The president told the attorneys general that he would discuss the threats in his address to Congress on Tuesday night.
Trump did not condemn the threats explicitly until last week, prompting criticism from Jewish leaders for what they viewed as a tepid response.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s willingness to embrace Russian disinformation was one of the reasons Russia’s interference in the 2016 election worked, the Senate panel investigating the president’s alleged ties to the country heard on Thursday.
Decades of Russian covert attempts to undermine confidence in western institutions, including planting or promoting false news stories or spreading doubt about the integrity of elections, will accelerate in the future unless the US confronts so-called “active measures”, several experts testified to the Senate intelligence committee.
“Part of the reason active measures have worked in this US election is because the commander-in-chief has used Russian active measures at time [sic] against his opponents,” said Clint Watts of George Washington University’s Center for Cyber and Homeland Security. 
Those active measures have migrated online with alacrity in recent years. Watts, a former FBI special agent and army officer who came under personal siege from Russian-backed hackers, told the panel’s first public hearing that social media accounts associated with spreading pro-Russian fake news were visible as far back as 2009. 
The expert added that Russia possessed unreleased hacked information on thousands of Americans it could “weaponize” to discredit inconvenient sources. Those and other measures provided Russia with an inexpensive tool to check its wealthier adversaries in the US and Nato, several scholars and former US officials assessed.
When asked why the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, felt the 2016 US election provided the Kremlin an opportunity to intervene – the consensus position of US intelligence agencies – Watts pointed to Trump. 
Wittingly or not, Trump and his former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, embraced and promoted narratives, including false ones, convenient to Russian interests, including a fake story about a terrorist attack on the Turkish airbase at Incirlik used by US forces and baselessly doubting the US citizenships of Barack Obama and Ted Cruz.
“On 11 October, President Trump stood on stage and cited what appears to be a fake news story from [the Russian propaganda outlet] Sputnik News that disappeared from the internet. He denies the intel from the United States about Russia. He claimed that the election could be rigged – that was the number one theme pushed by RT, Sputnik News,” Watts testified.
The first public hearing by the Senate intelligence committee into its Trump-Russia investigation featured none of the partisan rancor that has defined its counterpart in the House of Representatives. 
The Republican chairman, Richard Burr of North Carolina, himself a Trump ally during the campaign, pledged a “thorough, independent and non-partisan review” of evidence potentially tying Trump to Russia, a commitment echoed by the top panel Democrat, Mark Warner of Virginia. 
“If we politicize this process, our efforts will likely fail,” Burr said at the outset of the hearing.
The House of Representatives’ inquiry has taken a back seat to the public drama surrounding its leader, the California Republican Devin Nunes. Nunes is under Democratic pressure to recuse himself after his promotion of information provided to him at the White House and cancellations of public hearings prompted allegations of covering up for Trump. The New York Times on Thursday reported that two White House staffers aided Nunes’s effort last week, Ezra Cohen-Watnick of the National Security Council and Michael Ellis, an attorney who formerly worked on Nunes’s committee.
Nunes’s spokesman, Jack Langer, said: “As he’s stated many times, Chairman Nunes will not confirm or deny speculation about his source’s identity, and he will not respond to speculation from anonymous sources.”
The Senate’s hearings have not yet featured key testimony from serving intelligence and law enforcement officials, so they have not yet encountered the same high-stakes pressure as the House’s, which last week saw the leadership of the FBI and NSA publicly reject Trump’s evidence-free allegation that Obama placed him under surveillance. 
But in what Burr and Warner promoted on Wednesday as a sign of their seriousness, Burr assigned seven committee staffers to the inquiry. That would be more than Burr’s predecessor, the California Democrat Dianne Feinstein, had on the vast review of CIA torture, though that inquiry quickly lost GOP support. 
Urging a response to Russian interference in the election, Watts said the US approach to Russia was provocatively ambiguous.
“I’m not sure what our policy or stance is with regards to Russia at this point in the United States. I think that’s the number one thing we’ve got to figure out, because that will shape how they interface with us,” he told senators. 



ARTICLE
Confusion over the consequences of Donald Trump’s drastic travel ban continued to mount on Friday, as federal officials offered conflicting statistics on the number of visas that were revoked following the president’s executive order last week.
At a federal court hearing in Virigina, a Department of Justice attorney said more than 100,000 visas were revoked as a result of Trump’s broad order, which initially prevented those with valid visas from seven Muslim-majority countries, as well as refugees, from entering the US. 
But shortly after that statement was made, the state department contradicted the figure, saying that fewer than 60,000 visas had in fact been cancelled. The state department said the justice department’s figure was inaccurately higher as it had included some visas, including diplomatic, which were exempted by Trump’s ban, as well as those that had simply expired. 
The embarrassment was further compounded during the White House daily press briefing when the president’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, was unable to offer any clarity on the matter.
Asked about the 100,000 figure quoted by the justice department attorney, Spicer said: “I’ll have to get back to you on that. I don’t have all the details right now.”
The DoJ attorney revealed this number during a hearing in Alexandria, Virginia, for a lawsuit involving two Yemeni brothers who were sent back to Ethiopia after arriving in Washington DC on Saturday morning.
The brothers, Tareq and Ammar Aqel Mohammad, were forced to relinquish their green cards to homeland security officials upon arrival at Dulles international airport, according to the suit. Lawyers contend the government acted unlawfully by coercing the brothers into giving up their immigration status and suggest that up to 60 others may have been treated in the same manner at Dulles international airport, shortly after the ban came into place.
Attorneys for the brothers won a significant battle on Friday as US district judge Leonie Brinkema ordered the federal government to produce a list of all those with visas or residency who had been denied entry or removed at Dulles since the order. Brinkema also extended a restraining order that prevents the government from removing anyone else with valid paperwork. 
Last Friday, Trump signed the executive order, which affects people holding passports from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen, and also halts temporarily the entry of refugees into the country.
The White House contends the moves are necessary for national security. Democratic attorneys generals in several states have called them unconstitutional.
It is estimated that 100 to 200 people were detained at US airports or in transit because of the order.
One day after the order was announced, a federal judge in New York ordered a stay on the deportations for people with valid visas. A judge extended the order – which was set to expire on 11 February – to 21 February on Thursday, but the justice department said it will ask for the case to be thrown out.
Meanwhile in a separate case, a federal judge in Detroit ruled that US green card holders should not be affected by Trump’s travel ban following a suit by the Arab-American Civil Rights League. The nonprofit argued in US district court that the president’s executive action is unconstitutional and targets immigrant communities.
A restraining order released on Friday from Judge Victoria Roberts covers legal permanent residents, not some others that also are part of the lawsuit. She said lawyers for the government clarified to her that the ban did not apply to “lawful” permanent residents.
Roberts issued the order on Thursday in response to a motion filed with the US district court for the eastern district of Michigan seeking a permanent injunction “that prohibits the denial of entry into the United States of legal permanent residents and those with valid immigrant visas” under Trump’s 27 January order. 
Green card holders were initially covered by the travel ban, but on Sunday the homeland security secretary, John Kelly, released a statement saying that they were not subject to the restrictions.
Justice department lawyers across the US were on Friday defending Trump’s order temporarily banning citizens of seven Muslim-majority nations from entering the country, a directive some attorney generals say is unconstitutional. 
Federal judges in Boston, Seattle and Virginia are weighing lawsuits filed by different states and advocacy groups challenging Trump’s order. In Seattle, the states of Washington and Minnesota are together asking a judge to suspend the entire policy nationwide, which would represent the broadest ruling to date against Trump’s directive.
Should the judge rule that Washington and Minnesota have legal standing to sue, it could help Democratic attorney generals take on Trump in court on issues beyond immigration. 
In a filing late on Thursday, justice department lawyers argued that Trump was well within his authority to issue the immigration restrictions.
Also on Thursday, fifty American Civil Liberties Union chapters filed Freedom of Information Act (Foia) requests for details on how US Customs and Border Protection implemented Trump’s order after federal courts issued orders instructing the government to stop carrying out the administration’s plan. 
Massachusetts, anti-poverty group Oxfam and seven Iranian nationals will ask a Boston judge to extend an order issued on Sunday barring the detention or removal of approved refugees, visa holders and permanent US residents who entered from the seven countries. 
“If an executive order looks like a Muslim ban, acts like a Muslim ban, and has been talked about as a Muslim ban, then it’s probably a Muslim ban,” the plaintiffs said in a court filing. 
During his campaign, Trump discussed the idea of banning Muslims from entering the country to protect against terrorist threats, and on Thursday he defended the restrictions as necessary to protect religious liberty. 
“There are those who would seek to enter our country for the purpose of spreading violence, or oppressing other people based upon their faith or their lifestyle – not right,” he told a Washington prayer breakfast. 
In addition to blocking people from the seven countries from entering the US, Trump’s executive order also barred resettlement of refugees for 120 days and indefinitely banned Syrian refugees. In an interview with a Christian broadcaster, Trump said an exception would be made for Christian refugees from Syria.
Judge Leonie Brinkema, who presided over the Virginia case, issued a tough critique of the order’s rollout in court on Friday, according to Buzzfeed.
Brinkema said it was “a real problem” for the US government to vet and approve people for travel in the US and then revoke their right to travel without evidence to show why they should not be allowed in the country. “It has obviously thrown hundreds of thousands of people into states of discomfort,” she said.
That includes lawful permanent residents, some of whom were turned away at the border immediately after the ban was implemented.
The federal judge’s order in Detroit clarified that the travel ban does not apply to lawful permanent residents, including people with green cards.
White House officials had not made it clear to government agencies whether the ban applied to green card holders and permanent residents, leading to confusion across every branch of government and in airports across the globe.
The Detroit order was made in response to a lawsuit filed on behalf of four plaintiffs who are US permanent residents. 
Three other plaintiffs in the case are seeking additional relief not covered by Judge Roberts’s order. Those plaintiffs are a US citizen whose nine-year-old son was denied entry into the US, an immigrant with a visa to enter the US and the Arab American Civil Rights League, a Dearborn, Michigan-based nonprofit which filed the suit on Tuesday. 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump was unaware his former national security adviser Michael Flynn was working as a “foreign agent” when he gave him the job, according to his press secretary.
“I don’t believe that was known,” said Sean Spicer, when asked by reporters at his regular press briefing on Thursday.
Flynn resigned in February after just four weeks as national security adviser when it came to light that he had misled the vice-president, Mike Pence, about phone conversations with the Russian ambassador about sanctions in December. The resignation came after a flow of intelligence leaks revealed that he had secretly discussed sanctions with the ambassador, Sergey Kislyak, and then tried to cover up the conversations.
On Wednesday, it was revealed that from September to November last year, while he was working as a top adviser to Trump’s presidential campaign, Flynn was lobbying for a firm linked to the Turkish government, earning $530,000. He and his company Flynn Intel Group Inc filed retroactive documents with the Department of Justice two days ago to register as a foreign agent. 
Under the Foreign Agent Registration Act, US citizens who lobby on behalf of foreign governments or political entities must disclose their work to the justice department. Willfully failing to register is a felony, though the justice department rarely files criminal charges in such cases.
As part of Flynn’s lobbying for Inovo, a Dutch firm linked to the Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Flynn penned an op-ed calling for a “radical” cleric (whom the Turkish government wants to extradite) to be booted out of the US.
After Flynn joined the Trump administration, he, like other incoming officials, agreed not to lobby for five years after leaving government service and never to represent foreign governments. Flynn’s newly disclosed lobbying would not have violated that pledge because it occurred before he joined the Trump administration in January, but the pledge would preclude Flynn from ever doing the same type of work again.
Spicer was asked whether the president would still have hired Flynn as his national security adviser if he had known he had been working as a foreign agent.
“I don’t know ... That’s a hypothetical,” said Spicer. “I don’t know what was discussed prior to the appointment in terms of his background, his résumé, his client base.”
“From what I’ve read, he has filed appropriate forms with the Department of Justice ; ask them and subsequently him if you have any questions about the filing,” said Spicer.
Spicer also said he was unaware whether Flynn was involved in any discussions about foreign policy regarding Turkey. “I don’t know. I don’t have anything on that,” he replied.
Opaque answers and the reply of “I don’t know” are now regular features at Spicer’s daily press conferences, which have been memorably lampooned by the actor Melissa McCarthy on NBC’s Saturday Night Live. 
On Wednesday, Spicer confused reporters by initially saying “we need to find out” if Trump was the subject of an investigation by the justice department into Russia’s involvement in the US election, then clarifying that he had “no reason” to believe that Trump was. 
“I just want to be really clear on one point which is there is no reason that we have to think that the president is the target of any investigation whatsoever,” he said eventually on Wednesday, possibly after looking down at a message on his lectern. “There is no reason to believe that he is the target of any investigation. I think that’s a very important point to make.”
On Thursday, reporters returned to the topic, asking the press secretary to clarify whether the administration did or did not know for sure if the president was the subject of a DoJ investigation.
“The assurance I gave you was that I’m not aware. That was 100% accurate,” said Spicer, who then seemed frustrated at the close attention paid to the exact wording of his statement.
“‘I’m not aware’, ‘I don’t believe’, you could look up in a thesaurus and find some other ways ... I don’t think there’s a distinction there that’s noteworthy,” said Spicer.
“The answer is, we’re not aware,” he concluded. “I don’t know how much clearer we can be on this.”
Spicer’s frustration continued when he was quizzed about the British politician Nigel Farage’s visit to the Ecuador embassy in London to see the WikiLeaks founder, Julian Assange. Was Farage, the staunchest UK political supporter of Trump and one of the leaders of the Brexit movement, visiting Assange at Trump’s behest?
“This is silly. I don’t think asking where random foreign leaders are and whether they are there ... I don’t keep his schedule,” said Spicer.
“I have my own concerns here keeping track of what everyone is doing. I generally don’t worry about what’s going on across the pond,” Spicer said. 
The Associated Press contributed to this report



ARTICLE
Donald Trump will unveil a proposal for a major corporate tax cut on Wednesday, involving dramatically cutting corporate tax rates to 15% from 39.6% and ending taxation of corporate profits earned overseas.
The treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, confirmed the cut on Wednesday morning at a speech in Washington but declined to say how specifically the administration would pay for the cuts.
Trump has long heralded tax cuts, particularly on corporations, as a major component of his economic plan. In his joint address to Congress in February, the US president previewed his proposals, saying: “My economic team is developing historic tax reform that will reduce the tax rate on our companies so they can compete and thrive anywhere and with anyone.” He added: “It will be a big, big cut.”
However, while Trump has billed his proposal as tax reform, it is unclear if the proposals will simply consist of tax cuts or will be an overarching plan to reshape taxation in the United States.
Further, his plan faces significant obstacles because of the need for Democratic support, although tax reform can avoid a potential filibuster through use of the reconciliation process in the Senate that places strict limits on any resulting increases in the deficit. 
The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, indicated on Tuesday that Republicans would have to use this process. “I think it’s pretty clear we’re going to have to use a reconciliation vehicle because today’s Democratic party is very different from the Democratic party in the 80s,” McConnell said.
He expressed his opinion that the corporate tax cut should apply to “pass-through companies” that are not organized as corporations. “I can tell you my preference is that we treat businesses of all types similarly. Most businesses are not corporations,” McConnell said.
Although the administration has long been considering a border adjustability tax, which would tax goods imported into and sold in the United States and was championed by the Republican House speaker, Paul Ryan, it appears unlikely that this will be included in Wednesday’s proposed tax plans.
Although a border adjustability tax was supposed to serve as a means to offset any loss in revenue from corporate tax cuts, it ran into opposition from major corporate interests including retailers and automobile manufacturers. 
The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, declined to comment on the plan on Tuesday, simply saying, “We’ve got to do everything we can to get economic growth going and job creation going.” Spicer added that, in his opinion, “the president has made tremendous headway on the regulatory front, and he’s going to do everything he can on the tax front”.
The plans have split experts. Hunter Blair, budget analyst at the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute, said the proposals were “basically a huge tax cut for the rich”.
“According to the treasury, 43% of corporate tax is paid for by the top 1%. We have tried this supply side economics before; trickle down just doesn’t work,” he said.
Chris Edwards, director of tax policy studies at the libertarian Cato Institute, said cuts in corporate tax rates in the UK and Canada had not led to lost revenues. “There is a huge amount of [tax] avoidance right now and a huge effort to park overseas. That money would come back if rates fell,” he said.



ARTICLE
An Oklahoma lawmaker who once likened Islam to a cancer this week handed out a questionnaire to Muslims that included questions such as “Do you beat your wife?”, a local civil rights organisation said.
The Oklahoma chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations (Cair) said the office of Republican state representative John Bennett distributed the questionnaire this week, as Cair organized its annual Muslim Day at the state capitol.
Bennett told Muslims who wanted to see him at the capitol to fill out the form, said Adam Soltani, executive director of Cair’s Oklahoma chapter. 
In a video posted to Facebook, Soltani said he had been “informed by some of our members” about the questionnaire, which he read off partially. 
The form came from a group called Act for America, which the Southern Poverty Law Center, a left-leaning organization that monitors hate groups, has called “far and away the largest grass roots anti-Muslim group in America”.
The group’s name and logo are visible on the form held up by Soltani in the video.
“Nobody should be vetted with stupid, Islamophobic, hateful bigoted questions before they can meet with their representative,” Soltani said. “John Bennett has no right to do this to Muslims or any group of people.”
Among other things, the form asked Muslims whether they would denounce terror groups such as Hamas and Hezbollah. 
Another question read: “I have heard that, according to accepted Islamic sources, Mohammed, at age of 49, married a six-year-old girl, and that he had sex with her when he was 52 and she was only nine years old. Is that really true?”
It also asked respondents if they believed former Muslims should be punished for leaving Islam. In the Facebook video, an unidentified woman said that when she went to Bennett’s office, he was out and his secretary handed her the form.
“We could make an appointment with him once we answered all of those questions,” she said.
Bennett’s assistant told Buzzfeed News on Friday the representative was not available for comment.
A marine veteran who became a state lawmaker after tours in Iraq and Afghanistan, Bennett clashed with Cair in 2014 after remarks in a tense town hall meeting where he was called a fearmonger by some and supported by others. 
He later said there was “no difference between moderate Islam and extreme Islam”.
At the time, Bennett insisted he did not want to infringe on the constitutionally protected freedom of religion. In the town hall meeting, he said he did “not condone any violence toward Muslims at all”, but added “I won’t back down” and “they need Jesus”.
“I will not tolerate something like Islam to come into the United States,” Bennett said, calling the religion “a cancer in our nation that needs to be cut out”.



ARTICLE
The White House was forced on to the back foot again on Monday over Donald Trump’s unsubstantiated claim that he was wiretapped by Barack Obama, basing its latest argument on the US president’s use of quotation marks in a tweet.
More than two weeks after Trump fired off early morning messages levelling the unprecedented allegation against his predecessor, the media seem determined not to let him slip free of the controversy as he has others in the past.
Pressured again on the issue at Monday’s White House briefing, press secretary Sean Spicer said: “He doesn’t really think that President Obama went up and tapped his phone personally. But I think there’s no question that the Obama administration, that there were actions about surveillance and other activities that occurred in the 2016 election. That is a widely reported activity that occurred back then.”
In a shift of position, Spicer then conceded: “The president used the word ‘wiretapped’ in quotes to mean broadly surveillance and other activities during that. It is interesting how many news outlets reported that this activity was taking place during the 2016 election cycle and now are wondering where the proof is. It is many of the same outlets in this room that talked about the activities that were going on back then.” 
One of Trump’s tweets on 4 March did indeed use quotation marks when it said: “Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!”
But another tweet less than half an hour later did not use quotation marks: “How low has President Obama gone to tapp [sic] my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!”
Obama has strongly denied the claim, as has his director of national intelligence.
At Monday’s briefing, there were fractious exchanges between Spicer and the press over the veracity of Trump’s claims regarding unemployment numbers and health insurance statistics. Asked if, when the president says something, it can be trusted to be real, Spicer replied: “If he’s not joking, of course.” This prompted some laughter from the assembled press.
But tellingly, the questioning kept circling back to the wiretapping claim, suggesting that it could prove a vulnerable spot for the White House. Monday was the deadline for the Department of Justice to provide members of Congress with some evidence of Trump’s assertion.
Spicer said he had spoken to Trump directly about the tweets in question. “His tweets do speak for themselves ... He literally had it in quotes.”
But asked to be more precise about the nature of the alleged surveillance, the spokesman replied: “There’s a whole host of tactics that can be used to monitor somebody either through wiretap or other ways in which you can surveil somebody.”
He then wrapped up the briefing almost immediately before more questions could be asked.
Trump held his first cabinet meeting on Monday, with negotiations over the repeal and replacement of Obama’s Affordable Care Act still dominating the political agenda and a budget proposal expected to be unveiled on Thursday.
Spicer announced that Trump’s meeting with German chancellor Angela Merkel, scheduled for Tuesday, has been postponed until Friday due to the forecast of a snowstorm about to batter Washington and the north-east.
He acknowledged that planning is under way for a meeting with Chinese president Xi Jinping, with topics including the defusing of tensions with North Korea, but did not confirm reports that it will be held at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida early in April.
Spicer also had an expected announcement. Asked about billionaire Trump’s pledge to donate his presidential salary to charity, the press secretary said: “The president’s intention right now is to donate his salary at the end of the year and he has kindly asked that you all help determine where that goes. The way that we can avoid scrutiny is to let the press corps determine where it should go.”
The room erupted in laughter, but Spicer explained: “In all seriousness, I think his view is he made a pledge to the American people he wants to donate it to charity and he’d love your help to determine where it should go.”



ARTICLE
Susan Rice, the national security adviser in the Obama administration, has denied claims that she made politically motivated requests for names of Trump officials mentioned in intelligence reports on Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Rice also denied she then leaked those names to the press. 
“I leaked nothing to nobody. I never have and never would,” Rice told MSNBC News. “It is absolutely false that Obama officials used intelligence for political purposes.”
The White House has seized on a Bloomberg report on Monday that she requested the identities of US nationals referred to in raw intelligence reports “on dozens of occasions”, arguing it added weight to Donald Trump’s continuing claims that he and his camp were spied on by the Obama administration. 
Rice said on Tuesday that she and other officials would sometimes request the identity of unnamed Americans when they came up in an intelligence report when necessary to understand the significance of the report. 
She would not say whether she had made any such request during the intelligence investigation of Russian hacking of the election that was under way in the last weeks of the Obama administration.
“What I would do, or what any official would do, would be to ask the briefer whether the intelligence committee would go through its process – and there is a longstanding established process – to decide whether that information as to who the identity of the US person was, could be provided to me,” Rice said. “So they take that question back. They put it through a process and the intelligence committee made the determination as to whether or not the name of that American individual could be provided to me.”
When permitted, the identity of the person caught up in an intelligence operation would be reported back only to the official who requested it, and would not be widely disseminated, the former national security adviser said.
“The notion which some people are trying to suggest that asking for the identity of an American person is the same as leaking it – that is completely false,” Rice said. “There is no equivalence between so-called unmasking and leaking.”
The Trump administration and its supporters are seeking to reframe an ongoing FBI and congressional investigation of possible collusion between the Trump associates and Moscow, as a political spying scandal in which the Trump team was put under surveillance at Obama’s request. That claim, repeated frequently by the president, has been rejected as groundless by the FBI and intelligence chiefs, as well as the Republican congressional leadership.
The White House has been hit in recent days by a string of new revelations about contacts between Trump associates and Russia. On Monday Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump’s presidential campaign, admitted he met with a Russian intelligence operative in 2013 and provided him with documents about the energy industry.
The Russian, Victor Podobnyy, was one of three men charged in connection with a cold war-style Russian spy ring. According to the court documents, Podobnyy tried to recruit Carter Page, an energy consultant working in New York at the time, as an intelligence source. Page is referred to in the filing as Male-1.
Page briefly served as a foreign policy adviser to Trump’s campaign, though he split from the campaign before the election and the White House says the president has no relationship with him. He is among the Trump associates under scrutiny as the FBI and congressional committees investigate Russian interference in the 2016 election and possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia.
 Page confirmed to BuzzFeed News, which first reported on the filings, that he was Male-1.
Page acknowledged in a statement on Monday night that he “shared basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents” with Podobnyy. He described the information as “nothing more than a few samples from the far more detailed lectures” he delivered at New York University in 2013.
Trump has vigorously denied that he or his associates were in contact with Russia during the election. He has blasted the focus on his possible Russia ties as a “ruse” and has insisted that the real story is the leaking of information to the media and allegations that he and his associates were improperly surveilled by the Obama administration.
“The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers,” Trump wrote in a tweet on Sunday.
Page’s contacts with Podobnyy happened about three years before Trump listed him as a foreign policy adviser to the campaign. Trump and his advisers have been vague about how Page became connected with the campaign.
The court filings include a transcript of Podobnyy speaking with Igor Sporyshev, who was also charged in the spy ring, about Page.
“I like that he takes on everything,” Podobnyy says. “For now his enthusiasm works for me. I also promised him a lot.”



ARTICLE
It’s been epic! A cast of thousands. A spectacular production that, five weeks after opening on every screen of any sort in the US (and possibly the world), shows no sign of ending.
What a hit it’s been. It’s driving people back to newspapers and ensuring that our everyday companions, the 24/7 cable news shows, never lack for “breaking news” or audiences. It’s a smash in both the Hollywood and car accident sense of the term, a phenomenon the likes of which we’ve simply never experienced. 
And you know exactly what – and whom – I’m talking about. No need to explain. I mean, you tell me: what doesn’t it have? Its lead actor is the closest we’ve come in our nation’s capital to an action figure, a version of Batman and the Joker rolled into one, a president who, as he told us at a news conference recently, is “the least antisemitic person that you’ve ever seen in your entire life” and the “least racist person” as well. 
As for his supporting cast? Islamophobes, Iranophobes, white nationalists; bevies of billionaires and multimillionaires; a resurgent stock market gone wild; the complete fossil fuel industry and every crackpot climate change “skeptic” in town; a White House counselor whose expertise is in “alternative facts”; a White House chief of staff and liaison with the Republicans in Congress who’s already being sized up for extinction; as well as a couple of appointees who were “dismissed” or even frog-marched out of their offices and jobs for having criticized him. 
And don’t forget that sons Donald and Eric are already saving memorabilia for the future Trump presidential library, a concept that should take your breath away.
Even 20 months after it began, it’s all still so remarkable and new and if it isn’t like being in the path of a tornado, you tell me what it’s like. So no one should be surprised at just how difficult it is to step outside the storm to find some – any – vantage point offering the slightest perspective on the Trumpaclysm that’s hit our world.
Still, odd as it may seem under the circumstances, Trump’s presidency came from somewhere, developed out of something. To think of it (as many of those resisting Trump now seem inclined to do) as uniquely new, the presidential version of a virgin birth, is to defy both history and reality.
Trump’s new radical nature should serve as a reminder of just how radical the 15 years after 9/11 actually were in shaping American life, politics and governance. In that sense, his presidency already offers a strikingly vivid and accurate portrait of the America we’ve been living in for some years now, even if we’d prefer to pretend otherwise.
After all, it’s clearly a government of, by, and evidently for the billionaires and the generals, which pretty much sums up where we’ve been heading for the last decade and a half anyway. 
Let’s start with those generals. 
In the 15 years before Trump entered the Oval Office, Washington became a permanent war capital; war, a permanent feature of our American world; and the military, the most admired institution of American life, the one in which we have the most confidence among an otherwise fading crew, including the presidency, the supreme court, public schools, banks, television news, newspapers, big business, and Congress (in that descending order).
Support for that military in the form of staggering sums of taxpayer dollars (which are about to soar yet again) is one of the few things congressional Democrats and Republicans can still agree on. The military-industrial complex rides ever higher (despite Trumpian tweets about the price of F-35s); police across the country have been armed like so many military forces, while the technology of war on America’s distant battlefields – from Stingrays to MRAPs to military surveillance drones – has come home big time, and we’ve been Swatified.
This country has, in other words, been militarized in all sorts of ways, both obvious and less so, in a fashion that Americans once might not have imagined possible. In the process, declaring and making war has increasingly become – the constitution be damned – the sole preoccupation of the White House, without significant reference to Congress. Meanwhile, thanks to the drone assassination program run directly out of the Oval Office, the president, in these years, has become an assassin-in-chief as well as commander-in-chief.
Under the circumstances, no one should have been surprised when Donald Trump turned to the very generals he criticized in the election campaign, men who fought 15 years of losing wars that they bitterly feel should have been won. 
In his government, they have, of course, now taken over – a historic first – what had largely been the civilian posts of secretary of defense, secretary of homeland security, national security adviser, and National Security Council chief of staff. 
Think of it as a junta lite and little more than the next logical step in the further militarization of this country.
It’s striking, for instance, that when the president finally fired his national security adviser, 24 days into his presidency, all but one of the other figures that he reportedly considered for a post often occupied by a civilian were retired generals (and an admiral), or, in the case of the person he actually tapped to be his second national security adviser, a still-active army general. This reflects a distinct American reality of the 21st century that the Donald has simply absorbed like the human sponge he is. 
As a result, America’s permanent wars, all relative disasters of one sort or another, will now be overseen by men who were, for the last decade and a half, deeply implicated in them. It’s a formula for further disaster, of course, but no matter.
Other future Trumpian steps – such as the possible mobilization of the national guard, more than half a century after guardsmen helped desegregate the University of Alabama, to carry out the mass deportation of illegal immigrants – will undoubtedly be in the same mold (though the administration has denied that such a mobilization is under serious consideration yet). 
In short, we now live in an America of the generals and that would be the case even if Donald Trump had never been elected president.
Add in one more factor of our moment: we have the first signs that members of the military high command may no longer feel completely bound by the classic American prohibition from taking any part in politics. Gen Raymond “Tony” Thomas, head of the elite US special operations command, speaking recently at a conference, essentially warned the president that we were “at war” and that chaos in the White House was not good for the warriors. 
That’s as close as we’ve come in our time to direct public military criticism of the White House.
As for those billionaires, let’s start this way: a billionaire is now president of the United States, something that, until this country was transformed into a 1% society with 1% politics, would have been inconceivable. (The closest we came in modern times was Nelson Rockefeller as vice-president, and he was appointed by President Gerald Ford in 1974, not elected.) 
In addition, never have there been so many billionaires and multimillionaires in a cabinet – and that, in turn, was only possible because there are now so staggeringly many billionaires and multimillionaires in this country to choose from.
In 1987, there were 41 billionaires in the United States; in 2015, 536. What else do you need to know about the intervening years, which featured growing inequality and the worst economic meltdown since 1929, a meltdown that only helped strengthen the new version of the American system?
In swift order in these years, we moved from billionaires funding the political system (after the supreme court’s 2010 Citizens United decision opened the financial floodgates) to billionaires actually heading the government. As a result, count on a country even friendlier to the already fantastically wealthy – thanks in part to whatever Trump-style “tax cuts” are put in place – and so the possible establishment of a new “era of dynastic wealth”.
From the crew of rich dismantlers and destroyers Donald Trump has appointed to his cabinet, expect, among other things, that the privatization of the US government – a process until now largely focused on melding warrior corporations with various parts of the national security state – will proceed apace in the rest of the governing apparatus.
We were, in other words, already living in a different America before 8 November 2016. Donald Trump has merely shoved that reality directly in all our faces. And keep in mind that if it weren’t for the one-percentification of this country and the surge of automation (as well as globalization) that destroyed so many jobs and only helped inequality flourish, white working-class Americans in particular would not have felt so left behind in the heartland of their own country or so ready to send such an explosive figure into the White House as a visible form of screw-you-style protest.
Finally, consider one other hallmark of the first month of the Trump presidency: the “feud” between the new president and the intelligence sector of the national security state. 
In these post-9/11 years, that state within a state – sometimes referred to by its critics as the “deep state”, though, given the secrecy that envelops it, “dark state” might be a more accurate term – grew by leaps and bounds. In that period, for instance, the US gained a second defense department, the Department of Homeland Security, with its own security-industrial complex, while the intelligence agencies, all 17 of them, expanded in just about every way imaginable. 
In those years, they gained a previously inconceivable kind of clout, as well as the ability to essentially listen in on and monitor the communications of just about anyone on the planet (including Americans). Fed copiously by taxpayer dollars, swollen by hundreds of thousands of private contractors from warrior corporations, largely free of the controlling hand of either Congress or the courts, and operating under the kind of blanket secrecy that left most Americans in the dark about its activities (except when whistle-blowers revealed its workings), the national security state gained an ascendancy in Washington as the de facto fourth branch of government.
Now, key people within its shadowy precincts find Donald Trump not to their liking, and they seem to have gone to war with him and his administration via a remarkable stream of leaks of damaging information, especially about the now departed national security adviser Michael Flynn. 
As Amanda Taub and Max Fisher of the New York Times wrote: “For concerned government officials, leaks may have become one of the few remaining means by which to influence not just Mr Flynn’s policy initiatives but the threat he seemed to pose to their place in democracy.”
This, of course, represented a version of whistleblowing that, when directed at them in the pre-Trump era, they found appalling. Like Gen Thomas’s comments, that flood of leaks, while discomfiting Donald Trump, also represented a potential challenge to the American political system as it once was known. When the fiercest defenders of that system begin to be seen as being inside the intelligence community and the military, you know that you’re in a different and far more perilous world.
We’re now living in an ever more chaotic and aberrant land run by billionaires and retired generals, and overseen by a distinctly aberrant president at war with aberrant parts of the national security state. 
That, in a nutshell, is the America created in the post-9/11 years. Put another way, the US may have failed dismally in its efforts to invade, occupy and remake Iraq in its own image, but it seems to have invaded, occupied and remade itself with remarkable success. And don’t blame this one on the Russians.
No one said it better than French King Louis XV: Après moi, le Trump.
A longer version of this article appears on TomDispatch.com, where it was originally published 



ARTICLE
Janice Phelps, a 60-year-old disabled factory worker in Evansville, Indiana, knows how expensive healthcare is.
Each month, shots for her severe asthma cost $3,000. Quarterly injections for knee pain cost $3,200. Medication for depression costs $900. She has had seven back surgeries, two shoulder surgeries, and two knee surgeries since 1985. The largest public health programs in America – Medicaid and Medicare, which aid the poor and the elderly – paid for nearly all of it. 
Yet those programs are now threatened by the men she voted for: Donald Trump and former Indiana governor Mike Pence.
“I’m all in favor of repealing it,” she said about Republicans’ push to do away with the Affordable Care Act (ACA), popularly known as Obamacare. But, she said, when you talk about cutting Medicaid: “I don’t agree with that at all.” 
Dramatic changes to Medicaid – the scheme to help poorer Americans get healthcare – are just part of the reforms in a Republican bill leaders are trying to force through Congress at lightning speed. However, since it was introduced last Monday, the American Health Care Act has met opposition from the left, significant sections of the Republican party, and a slate of doctor, hospital and patient associations. It’s been called a “legislative orphan appealing to no one”. 
Though Phelps said she would support Trump even if it passed, she is upset by the idea of Medicaid cuts.
“For Medicaid to say, ‘We’re going to spend X amount of dollars on you, and that’s all we’re going to spend’ – we’re supposed to just roll over and die because we can’t pay it ourselves?” she said. “X-rays, and MRIs, and CT scans, surgeries and stuff – we have no control over how much that is ... I would not be able to pay that out of my pocket, and I have to pay that to live ... to put a cap on it is uncalled for.” 
Anxiety and ambivalence about health are common in this part of Trump country. The city of Evansville is the seat of rural Vanderburgh in deep red Indiana. It lies at a bend in the Ohio river, just north of Henderson, Kentucky. 
This is Pence’s home state. When he was governor, he took political advantage of the ACA and used federal funds it made available to provide healthcare for half a million of the poorest people in his state.
Of course, while helping Trump win the White House, Pence was an implacable opponent of the healthcare law. By February this year, he was whipping up a crowd of conservatives, telling them “Obamacare must go”. He revived that line while pushing for the Republican bill in Louisville, Kentucky, this weekend.
“In a word, we’re going to make the best healthcare system in the world even better,” Pence said. 
Yet here, in a rural corner of Indiana where Trump won 40,000 votes to comfortably beat Hillary Clinton by 10,000, many low-income people are covered by a program Pence put in place only two years ago and which Republican proposals would severely cut. 
Pence’s program, called HIP 2.0, is part of Medicaid. It is funded by the ACA, the law that Pence continues to lobby against. Including Medicaid, more than one in three people use government health coverage in Indiana.
Vanderburgh is one of only two Indiana counties where more than 10,000 people are on HIP 2.0 and that voted for Trump. Obamacare expanded Medicaid coverage to single adults through state programs such as HIP 2.0, a change that insured 500,000 new people statewide, and 14.4 million people nationally. All told, Medicaid programs cover 1.4 million people in Indiana and 73 million Americans.
Republican proposals would upend that system. First, funding for programs such as HIP 2.0 would start to dissipate by 2020. At that point, the federal government would stop paying for anyone who dropped off HIP 2.0 rolls. Republicans would also cut traditional Medicaid by ending some guaranteed benefits, leaving states such as Indiana with a tab they can scarcely afford – and residents facing high anxiety.
“If it wasn’t for Medicare and Medicaid, I wouldn’t even be sitting here today,” said Fred Cook, an Evansville man and Clinton voter whose teaching career was ended by heart disease. He had open heart surgery – a triple bypass – and a double leg amputation, in part caused by his longtime habit of smoking Kools. “I weighed 438 pounds.” Fred had to be weighed in a bed, he said.
“We live in fear,” said Pam Martin, a retiree and Clinton voter who cares for her mentally disabled brother, Darrell Martin. Though Darrell has a job, he earned only $11,000 per year, which left him in a healthcare purgatory until Pence approved HIP 2.0. “His coverage is really good, and we’re really scared it’s going to go away,” Martin said. On Monday, her family must decide whether to rush an expensive eye surgery while her brother still has coverage, or wait for vision to return to his right eye, as doctors recommended. 
Pence’s mission to undo what one Indiana lawmaker called his “single most significant achievement” is part of what House speaker Paul Ryan called a “united Republican government” push to repeal the ACA. 
For seven years, House Republicans sought to repeal the law and voted more than 50 times to send the Senate bills that would never become law. Now, though, with control of the government, Republicans have a chance to repeal the act but are split over the plan put before them.
Ideological conservatives who believe the bill does not go far enough to repeal have dubbed it “Obamacare lite”. Leaders of the left called it “fundamentally cruel”. The bill is being pushed through congressional committees but seems to have little chance of gaining the votes to pass through the House and Senate to reach Trump’s desk. Yet Trump is in “full sell mode”, seeking to woo and cajole, even inviting his former presidential nomination rival, Ted Cruz, to dinner and conservative House members for pizza and bowling at the White House.
The Congressional Budget Office, which studies all bills, is expected to release an analysis of the bill on Monday, estimating how much it would cost and how many Americans might lose insurance – outside experts have predicted between 6 million and 15 million people will be hit.
The ACA helped insure 20m Americans, bringing the rate of uninsured people to a historic low. While the majority of Americans, 155m people, receive health benefits through their employer, 21m more buy their own insurance.
Government insurance is also widespread. In 2016, 73m people used Medicaid. Almost half of all births nationally are financed by the program. Another 43m people use Medicare, a system for the elderly that is America’s closest equivalent to the UK’s National Health Service. For the 28 million Americans who remain uninsured, a hospital visit or prescription can easily rack up thousands in medical bills. 
Cindy Rosser, a 46-year-old mother of five and grandmother of one, manages two dry cleaning locations and uses HIP 2.0 for insurance. After being laid off in 2015 (she was told the company could not afford workers’ health costs), she discovered a pre-cancer in her esophagus and her 11-year-old adopted son was diagnosed with schizophrenia.
Rosser did not vote, but she is now anxious about the future of healthcare. “We need to have some kind of affordable insurance for working people, because even if you get it through a job it costs an arm and a leg.”
Some conservatives see dependency on government funding as a form of malign socialism but then experience how urgent a safety net can be. 
“I’ve heard from a lot of constituents who find themselves conflicted,” said Ed Clere, a Republican Indiana state representative. “Then, they find themselves in a situation where they know someone who is benefitting from it, or they themselves benefit from it.
“That’s part of the irony, because the legislation that [Pence] is now pushing in Congress in his role as vice-president threatens to undermine and ultimately undo his biggest accomplishment as governor,” Clere said.
Few know the benefits and flaws of the ACA better than Matthew Frankic, an Evansville insurance broker. Each day, his job is to sign people up for it. He started in 2010, before the law took full effect, when a sick person could easily pay $1,200 per month for insurance, Frankic said.
“What I saw was a tremendous amount of people become eligible for insurance,” Frankic said. He has also “seen it hurt a lot of people” hit with fines for failing to get insurance.
When it came time for Frankic to pick a president, between Clinton, who did not campaign in his town at all, and another who campaigned to repeal the health law, he picked Trump.
“How do you vote for either party when you don’t like either of them?” 



ARTICLE
Barack Obama has broken his silence on his successor’s presidency after only 10 days, issuing a short statement that attacks Donald Trump’s controversial travel ban.
“The president [Obama] fundamentally disagrees with the notion of discriminating against individuals because of their faith or religion,” a spokesman for Obama said.
During his final press conference as president earlier this month, Obama listed a number of issues that might prompt him to return to the political fray.
“There’s a difference between [the] normal functioning of politics and certain issues or certain moments where I think our core values may be at stake,” Obama said then. “I put in that category if I saw systematic discrimination being ratified in some fashion. I put in that category explicit or functional obstacles to people being able to vote, to exercise their franchise.
“I put in that category institutional efforts to silence dissent or the press. And for me at least, I would put in that category efforts to round up kids who have grown up here and for all practical purposes are American kids and send them somewhere else, when they love this country.”
On Monday, spokesman Kevin Lewis said Obama was “heartened” by the amount of engagement being seen across the country – presumably a reference to the protests that sprang up over the weekend against Trump’s executive order. “In his final official speech as president, he spoke about the important role of citizens and how all Americans have a responsibility to be the guardians of our democracy – not just during an election, but every day,” Lewis said.
“Citizens exercising their constitutional right to assemble, organize and have their voices heard by their elected officials is exactly what we expect to see when American values are at stake,” he said.
Obama also rejected an attempt by the Trump administration to draw comparisons with his administration’s move in 2011 to impose more stringent checks on Iraqi refugees after two Iraqis were charged with terrorism offences in Kentucky. Unlike Trump’s order, the Obama policy applied only to Iraqi refugees and never specifically prohibited entry, according to the Associated Press. 
Former Obama administration officials have denied it amounted to a ban. “While the flow of Iraqi refugees slowed significantly during the Obama administration’s review, refugees continued to be admitted to the United States during that time, and there was not a single month in which no Iraqis arrived here,” Jon Finer wrote in Foreign Policy. “In other words, while there were delays in processing, there was no outright ban.”
“With regard to comparisons to President Obama’s foreign policy decisions, as we’ve heard before,” Lewis wrote in his statement, “the president fundamentally disagrees with the notion of discriminating against individuals because of their faith or religion.”
On Monday the Council on American–Islamic Relations (Cair) issued a lawsuit claiming Trump’s travel ban violates the first amendment of the constitution, which establishes the right to freedom of religion. And Jay Inslee, the governor of Washington, said he was also launching a legal challenge, saying the banning of immigrants based on their country of citizenship went against state statutes meant to stop discrimination based on place of birth or nationality.
The executive order issued by Trump on Friday denies refugees and immigrants from certain Muslim-majority countries entry to the United States.
Trump’s unprecedented action indefinitely closes US borders to refugees fleeing the humanitarian crisis in war-torn Syria and imposes a de facto ban on people traveling to the US from parts of the Middle East and Africa by prioritizing refugee claims “on the basis of religious-based persecution”.
Although Trump administration officials have continued to insist that the president’s actions did not target Muslims or any one faith, the text of the executive order made explicit that the US government would prioritize religious minorities in Muslim-majority countries upon resuming its admittance of refugees.
The president has himself said non-Muslim religious minorities would be prioritized for entry to the US. During an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network on Friday, Trump said his administration would place an emphasis on helping persecuted Christians in the Middle East and Africa.
The action puts in place a 90-day block on entry to the US from citizens from Iran, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Sudan, Libya and Somalia. It suspends the admittance of all refugees to the US for a period of 120 days, and terminates indefinitely all refugee admissions from Syria, where the nearly six-year war under Bashar al-Assad’s regime has led to more than 500,000 civilian deaths and created the displacement of an estimated 11 million Syrians. 
It also caps the total number of refugees entering the US in 2017 to 50,000 – less than half the previous year’s figure of 117,000.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump is considering privatising America’s airports and dams as part of an infrastructure building programme that could exceed past estimates of a trillion dollars.
But the US president, bruised by the failure of his healthcare bill, could again face a combination of doubtful Democrats and sceptical conservatives threatening to scuttle the flagship project.
On Tuesday, Trump hosted 16 business leaders, including the chief executives of General Electric, IBM, PepsiCo and Walmart, to discuss subjects including infrastructure, regulations and fixing the Veterans Administration.
Philip Howard, a lawyer and advocate of “government simplification”, took part in a break-out session with Elaine Chao, the transportation secretary; Bayo Ogunlesi, chairman of Global Infrastructure Partners; and Matt Rose, executive chairman of the Burlington Northern Santa Fe railway, which then reported back to Trump.
The president has pledged to unleash $1tn in private and public investments to repair bridges, improve the electrical grid and broadband internet, upgrade airports and potentially rebuild hospitals for veterans, but Howard said Trump acknowledged even this sum might not be enough.
“That was a figure that people discussed but it wasn’t hard and fast and in fact I think President Trump at one point mentioned that perhaps it should be more,” he told the Guardian after leaving the White House grounds. “Fixing infrastructure’s really important and it’s going to cost. He was very hopeful that Democrats, certainly on the infrastructure part of this, would be very cooperative.”
Among the ideas discussed was the privatisation of US airports. “America can do much more than it has, and can do what other countries in Europe and Australia have done, by harnessing private capital,” Howard said. “So it could privatise a number of assets such as airports and dams, and get a lot of capital from that, as well as increase the tax base.”
Hundreds of airports around the world have been privatised or partly privatised but, Howard noted, virtually none in America. “Experience shows that private operators actually do a better job for the customer as well as for efficiency’s sake.”
Last year the Cato Institute, a conservative thinktank, published a paper that endorsed privatising the nation’s more than 500 commercial airports, which are currently owned by state and local governments and rely on the federal government for capital improvements.
Howard also called for an increase in public-private partnerships similar to other countries. “Government is needed for many things but it’s not necessarily the most efficient mechanism to fix a road, for example,” he said.
The lawyer gave his backing to a vehicle miles travelled (VMT) tax so that, as motorists moved toward electric or hybrid vehicles, drivers of those with internal combustion engines do not have to bear the burden for maintaining roads: “Every car would pay the same. You travel 10,000 miles, you pay for 10,000 miles.”
On Tuesday, the Associated Press reported that the White House intends to propose a package of tax breaks meant to help spur $1tn in new spending on roads, bridges and other construction over the next decade. But as part of that bill, it said, Trump also wants to introduce measures to significantly shorten approval times for projects.
Howard called for an overhaul of the infrastructure permitting process, cutting through red tape for faster decisions. “There’s been this accretion of well-meaning laws over the last 50 years with no one in charge of drawing lines, so the process can take a decade or longer to get an infrastructure project,” he said. “The effect of that is that it more than doubles the cost of infrastructure and it’s also dramatically harmful to the environment, ironically, because conducting an environmental review just prolongs bottlenecks.
“So there needs to be a new mechanism, basically clear lines of authority to make decisions. Congress caused the problem and, although the administration can do certain things by itself, Congress needs to solve that problem. It’s kind of a mosh pit of overlapping regulatory requirements often run by agencies with dramatically different missions that don’t even like each other.”
Michael Sargent, a policy analyst at the Heritage Foundation, a conservative thinktank with influence on the administration, said: “Any bill as large as $1tn is going to be a heavy lift. There will almost certainly be immediate concern from fiscal conservatives, who will bristle at the price tag.
“On the other hand, if the administration plan focuses exclusively or more heavily on private sector capital – as did the Ross-Navarro plan released during the campaign – Democrats might not have as much incentive to come on board without large amounts of federal spending. But overall, infrastructure tends to be one of the more bipartisan issues, so there is a lot of room for compromise.”
After the healthcare debacle, Trump hopes to gain some momentum from decisive action against Syria and the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch to the supreme court, pushing on to infrastructure. “I think it’s going to be one of the very bipartisan bills and it’s going to happen,” he told the New York Times last week, claiming that Democrats in particular are “desperate for infrastructure”.
But it is far from clear where Congress will find the money. Many Republicans in the conservative House Freedom Caucus are wary of the idea of massive government investment, while Democrats are critical of the focus on public-private partnerships, tax breaks for private investors and the watering down of regulations that require environmental reviews and community consultation.
Nancy Pelosi, the House minority leader, asked at a press conference last week: “Where is the infrastructure bill? The president talked about infrastructure during the campaign. Every conversation or any interaction I have had with the president has been infrastructure, infrastructure, infrastructure. Where’s the bill? Show us the bill.”
Among those present at Tuesday’s White House meeting were Dina Powell, senior counselor for economic initiatives; Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser; Gary Cohn, chief economic adviser; and five cabinet officers.
Howard found Trump receptive to ideas, he said. “I do think he has his finger on the endemic problem with this legacy government, a government that’s run by laws written over the last 50 or 60 years that nobody ever goes and fixes. You end up having out of date computer systems using eight-inch floppy disks, stuff like that, that costs a lot more to maintain than it would take to build a new one entirely.
“Somehow or other we need to change the operating system of government so that it can make sensible choices where today sensible choices are basically illegal. I think he understands the problem. I’m not sure he or anyone has come to grips with the solution.”



ARTICLE
The White House has confirmed that its chief of staff spoke with top FBI officials about the bureau’s inquiry into links between Donald Trump’s associates and Russia – a conversation which appears to violate justice department rules to ensure the integrity of investigations.
The administration had sought to push back against reports from CNN and the Associated Press that the chief of staff, Reince Priebus, had asked the FBI’s top two officials to rebut news reports about Trump allies’ ties to Russia.
But in doing so, the White House on Friday acknowledged that Priebus, the FBI director, James Comey, and deputy director, Andrew McCabe, had discussed what the FBI knew about Russian ties to the Trump presidential campaign.
“The White House appears to have violated accepted protocols and procedures,” said former FBI special agent Ali Soufan.
“As an FBI agent, we always know there shouldn’t be any appearance of political interference over a pending investigation. Any kind of appearance of political influence will be considered against existing protocols and procedures.”
Another retired FBI special agent, Michael German, said the FBI leadership had potentially jeopardized an investigation.
“It is illegal for an FBI employee to take information from an ongoing criminal investigation and share it with a potential witness or subject of that investigation. Obviously, if the justice department ultimately initiates a prosecution in this matter, this purported conversation would be exculpating evidence. Again, if it is true that high bureau officials believe the current FBI investigation is [bullshit], they should close the investigation and be prepared to justify this decision, not leak their opinion to anyone outside of the investigation”, German said. 
Senator Ron Wyden, an Oregon Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee – which is also investigating Trump’s ties to Russia – called on Comey to explain the communications.
“Politicized assertions by White House chief of staff Priebus about what may or may not be the findings of an FBI investigation are exactly the wrong way for the public to hear about an issue that is of grave consequence to our democracy. The American people deserve real transparency, which means Director Comey needs to come forward, in an open hearing, and answer questions,” Wyden told the Guardian.
“If, as Priebus claimed, the FBI not only discussed this issue with the White House but coordinated the White House’s public statements, the American people would also have reason to doubt the impartiality both of the bureau and the Department of Justice to which the FBI is responsible. These claims deserve further investigation.”
Trump began his Friday by tweeting an attack on the FBI for being “totally unable” to stop leaks, even from “within the FBI itself”. Speaking later at a conservative conference, Trump again attacked what he called “fake news” and said news organizations “shouldn’t be allowed to use sources unless they use somebody’s name”.
The conversations between Priebus and the FBI concern a New York Times article on 14 February, which reported that calls and phone records intercepted by US intelligence showed a pattern of communication between the Trump campaign and Russian intelligence officials.
Following an administration meeting the next morning, according to the White House, McCabe told Priebus there was nothing to the New York Times’ report, using a colorful phrase. Priebus asked: “What can we do about this?” McCabe gave no answer, and told the White House chief of staff he would get back to Priebus on the issue.
Priebus told McCabe the White House was “getting crushed” over the depth of Trump’s ties to Russia, as reported in the New York Times, and asked: “What am I supposed to do?”
Some time later, senior administration officials told reporters, McCabe called Priebus and said: “We’d love to help but we can’t get into the position of making statements on every story.” 
Priebus then asked if he could cite anonymous senior intelligence officials in rebutting the Times article, to which McCabe agreed. 
Afterward, FBI director James Comey called Priebus and echoed McCabe’s comments. While the story was baseless, Comey declined to issue an FBI statement saying so publicly, according to senior officials.
Asked by the Guardian whether the bureau challenges the White House’s version of events, the FBI declined to comment.
The senior officials provided their account to White House pool reporters to knock down any follow-up reporting on Thursday from CNN and the AP, both of which reported that the FBI rejected calls to publicly rebut the 14 February story. 
The Priebus-McCabe-Comey discussion appears to violate longstanding justice department rules intended to insulate FBI investigations from political interference. 
According to a 2009 version of those rules set by Barack Obama’s attorney general, Eric Holder, only the most senior officials can advise White House officials on active or pending investigations “when it is important for the performance of the president’s duties and appropriate from a law enforcement perspective”.
After former attorney general Loretta Lynch had a private meeting with Bill Clinton last year, widely interpreted as an inappropriate discussion of an FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email server, then candidate Trump said it was “horrible” and evidence of a “rigged system”.
In both public and private meetings with Congress, Comey has continued to refuse to address whether the FBI has an active inquiry into Trump associates’ ties to Russia, despite continuing pressure from the press. Both the House and Senate intelligence committees have their own investigations into the matter, and congressional Democrats continue to push for an independent inquiry.
Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic leader in the House of Representatives, said Priebus “has committed an outrageous breach of the FBI’s independence” and “tainted the integrity of the FBI”.




ARTICLE
The sun still shined on Westwood Boulevard, the thrumming commercial heart of the biggest Iranian community outside Iran.
Families lunched on chicken kabob at Flame, Shaherzad and other restaurants. Students browsed titles in Farsi bookstores. Music lovers flicked through CDs of Ebrahim “Ebi” Hamedi, the king of Persian pop.
Just another Saturday in Tehrangeles, a portmanteau of Tehran and Los Angeles coined by exiles and their descendants – also known as Little Persia, a term so well established Google Maps recognises it.
The apparent normality deceived. In hushed and bewildered tones, people wondered whether they still recognised the United States, the adopted homeland that had welcomed and sheltered them but now labelled them potential terrorists.
“It is totally unjust. This will affect thousands and thousands of families that are completely innocent,” said Siamak, a 56-year-old physician who fled Iran after the ayatollahs took over in 1979. “We ourselves are victims of terrorism. Now we are branded terrorists?”
The news was still sinking in: Donald Trump had signed an executive order halting arrivals from Iran and six other Muslim-majority countries as part of his “extreme vetting” to keep out terrorists.
The order, named the Protection of the Nation from Foreign Terrorist Entry into the United States, imposes a a 90-day block on entry from citizens from Iran, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Sudan, Libya and Somalia. 
Iran’s foreign affairs ministry said it will take legal, political and reciprocal measures.
Overnight, many of the up to 500,000 Iranians and Iranian Americans who live in southern California felt as though the US border had clanged shut. If they leave, they may not be able to return. Those who are currently outside the US – even those with green cards and visas – are marooned.
“My friend is visiting relatives in Tehran and now he’s stuck,” said a young bookseller, who like most interviewees did not want her name published. “He’s got a job here, a mortgage, car payments. What will happen to him?”
The question hung over every family with noncitizen relatives abroad. “It’s ridiculous,” said Sam, a restaurant manager. “We’ve felt good here. California is very open-minded. But now this.…” His voice trailed off. 
The director Ashgar Farhadi, who won an Oscar in 2012 for his film A Separation, and is nominated again for The Salesman, may not be able to attend next month’s ceremony, an absence which would fuel Hollywood’s animus towards the Trump administration. The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences called the prospect “extremely troubling”.
One middle-aged woman, loading groceries into a Porsche, quivered with indignation. “Iranians are not murderers. Iranians are not terrorists. Americans should know that.” She said “sanity” would return. “Trump is not going to last so long. They’ll impeach him.”
Trump had promised a crackdown during the campaign but the executive order still came as a shock. California’s Iranians, who often prefer the term Persian to distance themselves from Iran’s current leadership, form a thriving community with roots stretching back decades. Some arrived as students in the 1960s, followed by waves of exiles after the 1979 revolution. 
Muslims tended to settle in Orange Country and the San Fernando valley, Jews in Westwood and Beverly Hills. 
Anecdotal evidence suggests many Jewish Iranians voted for Trump because he strongly backed Israel and bashed Tehran’s rulers. Some are unrepentant.
“Yes, Trump!” said one 70-year-old man who gave his name only as Kevin. “He will stop the terrorists. You know when you leave your house, you lock the door, right? He’s doing right.” 
Asked whether a blanket ban on Iranian citizens was a good idea, Kevin hesitated. “All, maybe not. But you have to lock your house.”
Hassan Ali, a 29-year-old engineer from Pakistan who was buying pepper in Tehran Market, said targeting Muslims or any other religion was un-American. “This country is supposed to be a melting pot.”
The executive order seemed to have a chilling, immediate effect. Of 16 people of Iranian heritage interviewed at random in west LA, not one was willing to have their full name published. 
Holly Dagres, a Middle East commentator, discovered the same reluctance among her contacts. “Iranians are scared to share.”
The community in Tehrangles learned to keep its head down during the hostile atmosphere engendered by the 1979 hostage crisis. Embracing the term Persian – evoking carpets, cats and antiquity – was a way to avoid connotations of terrorism and fanaticism. 
But that linguistic sidestep did not deflect Trump, said Siamak, the physician. “He has branded us. The stereotype is back. I fear things will get worse and worse.”



ARTICLE
A former South Carolina state legislator is reviving his calls for the state’s newly sworn-in governor, Henry McMaster, to withdraw his membership from a country club he alleges is all-white and exclusionary. 
“Those people who represent an entire state should not represent a segregated club. It’s 2017,” said Bakari Sellers, a one-time political opponent of the new governor.
McMaster, a Republican who was serving as the state’s lieutenant governor, took over the top job when the current officeholder, Nikki Haley, was confirmed to join the Trump administration on Tuesday.
 Sellers, a former state legislator in South Carolina and current CNN contributor, raised McMaster’s membership at the Forest Lake Club in Columbia as an issue during the 2014 race, which McMaster won. He declined to explain how he knows the club is all-white, but the club has faced scrutiny over its discrimination policies before. Another South Carolina politician, Katon Dawson, claimed to have left the club in 2008 during a bid to become chairman of the Republican National Committee. It was later discovered that he had remained a member the whole time. 
Over the weekend, a representative told the State that McMaster still had no plans to leave the club. The governor’s office did not respond the a request for comment.
McMaster, former attorney general of South Carolina, has been a member of the club for more than 32 years and has repeatedly refused calls to renounce his membership during his political career. In 2014, his campaign manager said the club “has no policies of racial discrimination, and he would not be a member if it did”.
The club also took flak for anti-Jewish discrimination in 1984. Forest Lake had a longstanding tradition of offering honorary membership to the commander of nearby Fort Jackson that ended when Maj Gen Robert Solomon, who was Jewish, was appointed there. The club claims it has added Jewish members since that incident.
The club president, George Gibbs, did not return a Guardian request for comment. The club has stated routinely during the prior controversies that it does not have any discriminatory policies in its official or unofficial policy, but has declined to ever directly answer the question of whether the club has any black members.
The club’s 1925 deed contains a racially exclusionary covenant stipulating that the property “shall be forever used, kept up and maintained exclusively as and for the purpose of a country club of white membership”, according to a 2004 report in the State. Such language was not uncommon in deeds of the time and became legally unenforceable after the landmark supreme court case of Shelley v Kraemer in 1948.
For private clubs, however, more informal policies of exclusion can easily achieve the same ends as codified segregation. Club membership requires being sponsored by three existing members, and then having one’s merits for membership evaluated by a committee. This type of racial “grandfathering” typically means that membership is only feasible for members of the same social class and circle as the existing members, whose place in the club ultimately traces back to a moment when African Americans and other minorities were expressly forbidden.
McMasters also once escorted his daughter at the South Carolina debutante’s ball held annually at the club, part of another southern social tradition ruled by membership organizations that has long been associated with racism and exclusion.
“It’s a relic of the past, like the Confederate flag,” Sellers said. “I don’t know how you woo business [into the state] and talk about diversity and inclusion when you don’t live that in your private life.”



ARTICLE
Republicans’ efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act (ACA), better known as Obamacare, looked a lot like a tall man trying to stay warm under a short blanket. When Republicans pulled in one direction, they lost coverage at the other end. 
Hardline conservatives wanted to change regulations that define health insurance, such as a requirement that health plans cover maternity care. But when they got the concessions, the Republicans lost moderate members, who were concerned their constituents would lose basic services. That left the party leadership with no choice but to pull the bill or risk a humiliating defeat.
A late amendment to American Health Care Act struck at the heart of Barack Obama’s ACA, allowing states to define the health benefits that insurance policies must cover, called “essential health benefits”. 
Just as they sound, these benefits define American health insurance. They require companies to cover the expense of having a baby, catching a cold, or breaking a leg. 
Republicans argued that people should “choose” the coverage they want, but because health insurance is interconnected, such a policy was likely to harm all patients. 
Think of the health insurance system as a tower of blocks – if you remove one from the middle, it makes the entire structure less sound. That is a good analogy for how removing essential health benefits works. Once one benefit is removed, it makes plans which continue to offer that benefit more expensive, meaning only really sick people will buy them – which further drives up the cost.
For example, before the protections were passed, 62% of insurance plans bought on the open market did not include maternity care, according to the health and human services department. Often, maternity care was offered as an expensive add-on. Another 34% of plans did not cover substance abuse (think: opioid crisis), and 9% did not cover prescriptions (remember that cold?). 
That kind of federal plan could be hard for states to decide on by January 2018, and could tempt them instead to certify “bare bones” plans as eligible for federal tax credits. 
With the essential health benefits gutted, some experts believed insurance companies would have an incentive to offer a narrower list of benefits. Why? 
Because Republicans maintained a requirement that insurance companies sell policies to even very sick people. Experts believed that would push companies to offer skimpy plans, to keep sick people off their rolls. 
Imagine a world in which some health plans did not cover chemotherapy. Plans that that did would be much more expensive, because people who had cancer in the past, or whose family had a history of cancer, would be more likely to sign up and use those services. 
The effect would be that so many sick people would sign up, the cost of coverage would increase for everyone under that plan. 
Yes – and that was one of the reasons the health plan was always going to be difficult for a broad base of Republicans to support. Giving Americans tax credits to buy health insurance looked to conservatives too much like Obamacare, while huge overhauls to Medicaid – public health insurance for the poor – left moderate Republicans worried about constituents who depend on those services. 
Further, Republicans’ last-minute amendments actually increased the price tag of their bill, without insuring more Americans. A Congressional Budget Office analysis found that the changes still left 24 million Americans without insurance and reduced savings over the next decade, from $337bn in the first draft, to just $150bn. 
On the moderate end, the very powerful American Association of Retired Persons was upset at what it called the “age tax”. That was a plan to allow insurance companies to charge Americans aged over 50 five times more than the young. 
Combined with Republicans’ plans to offer less financial help to the poor, it meant a 64-year-old earning $26,500 per year would pay $12,900 more every year for their insurance. Republicans added an $85bn slush fund to the bill to try to counter these costs, but it was unclear how much that might have helped older Americans. Currently, insurance companies are allowed to charge older Americans three times more than the young.
Under the Republican plan, the less money you made, the worse off you would be. An analysis by the Tax Policy Center found that people who make less than $10,000 per year would have lost $1,400 per year because of cuts to Medicaid. People earning between $50,000 and $75,000 would have seen a small tax break of about $60.
However, the very poorest would probably suffer the most. A vast $880bn cut to Medicaid would result in 14 million fewer people using the service, Congressional analysts found.
By contrast, rich Americans would have seen a significant tax benefit. People who earn $200,000 per year or more would see an average tax break of $5,640, or about 1.1% of their income. Nearly all of that is from tax breaks Republicans included in the bill. 
Some analysts think it would, especially for young people. But it would still leave many more people, 52 million by the end of the decade, uninsured.
That is not just an inconvenience. Lack of health insurance could result in more than 44,000 deaths per year, researchers at the American Journal of Public Health found. That is more than kidney disease causes. 



ARTICLE
A dirty political fight roiled Washington on Tuesday as allies and officials rallied around Donald Trump and his controversial travel ban, while opponents escalated their tactics to thwart his administration at every turn.
Republicans defended the president’s ban on entry for people from seven Muslim-majority countries and his decision to fire the acting attorney general, Sally Yates, on Monday night for refusing to enforce it. Democrats boycotted votes on two of Trump’s cabinet nominees and braced for a long battle over his imminent pick for the supreme court.
With both sides digging in, there seemed little prospect of an end to what former president Barack Obama once described as the “rancour and suspicion” of hyper-partisan politics in Washington. Trump campaigned on a pledge to fix a broken system.
A Reuters/Ipsos poll published on Tuesday found that 49% either “strongly” or “somewhat” agreed with the executive order, with 41% “strongly” or “somewhat” against. However, 41% felt the US was setting a bad example in how to combat terrorism, versus 38% who said the opposite. And 56% disagreed that the country should “welcome Christian refugees, but not Muslim ones”. 
On Tuesday morning Senate Democrats delayed the consideration of Tom Price, Trump’s pick for health secretary, and Steven Mnuchin, his choice for treasury secretary. Democrats refused to attend votes on the committees tasked with reviewing the two nominees, who rank among Trump’s more controversial selections, saying Price and Mnuchin had misled them in their confirmation hearings.
Democrats demanded that Price, a congressman from Georgia, and Mnuchin, a former partner of Goldman Sachs, appear before the committees for further questioning. The theatrics amounted to the only options at the Democrats’ disposal to block Trump’s cabinet appointees from their position in the Senate minority.Republicans, who in 2013 boycotted a vote on Obama’s nominee to head the Environmental Protection Agency, lashed out at Democrats. “I’m very disappointed in this kind of crap,” said Orrin Hatch, the Utah senator who chairs the Senate finance committee. “This is the most pathetic thing I’ve seen in my whole time in the United States Senate … I think they ought to stop posturing and acting like idiots.”
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, branded the Democrats’ actions “embarrassing”. He told reporters at his daily briefing: “The mere idea that they’re not showing up to hearings is outrageous.”
Sixteen of Trump’s nominees for government agencies are still awaiting confirmation, Spicer said, whereas at the same stage in 2009, Obama only had nine yet to be approved.
It remained unclear when the votes might be rescheduled. Democrats could continue to stall indefinitely under rules requiring that at least one of them be present for the relevant committees to hold a vote.
Elaine Chao received confirmation from the Senate to become transportation secretary on Tuesday, however. The Senate energy and natural resources committee quickly approved former Texas governor Rick Perry as energy secretary by 16-7, and Representative Ryan Zinke to head the interior department by 16-6. They too await confirmation by the full Senate.
Also on Tuesday New York joined a lawsuit against Trump’s executive order brought by the American Civil Liberties Union Foundation, the Urban Justice Center and others. 
Eric Schneiderman, the New York state attorney general, described the order as “unconstitutional, unlawful, and fundamentally un-American”.
Later on Tuesday the state of Virginia became a plaintiff in a federal lawsuit filed over an incident on Saturday where two Yemeni brothers arrived at Dulles airport from east Africa with residency green cards, planning to join their father in Michigan, but were blocked by agents enforcing the travel ban and put on a flight back the way they had come. The lawsuit seeks to restore the immigration rights of the brothers and up to 60 others whom lawyers say suffered a similar fate at Dulles at the weekend.
Washington became the first state to sue the White House on Monday. Amazon, which is headquartered in Washington, pledged support. 

At 8pm ET – prime time on US television – Trump is due to announce his nominee for the supreme court to fill a vacancy left by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia almost a year ago.
Still bitter over Republicans’ refusal to consider Obama’s judicial nominee, Merrick Garland, last year, Democrats are now in a position to use the same tactics against Trump’s choice for the country’s highest court.
Since the death of Scalia, the eight-member court has steered clear of some major issues. Split between conservatives and liberals, it would swing back to the right if as expected Trump makes a conservative choice. Environmental regulation, union rights and healthcare could all be in the balance.
Jeff Hauser, director of Revolving Door Project, drew comparisons with the controversial 1991 hearing which saw the nominee accused of sexual harassment. “This is going to be the biggest nomination fight since Clarence Thomas – and that’s if the nominee comes through the door scrubbed and clean as possible,” he said 
“Given the bad blood between the parties, the protests, the growing resistance to Trump, we’re going to see more activism, more money spent around this nomination. Records are going to be set by every metric.”
The Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer, has vowed to fight “tooth and nail” to keep the vacancy open if Trump nominates a justice who is considered outside the “mainstream”. 
Polarisation has intensified since Trump’s executive order, signed on Friday, that denies refugees, immigrants and travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries entry to the US, indefinitely closes US borders to refugees fleeing the humanitarian crisis in Syria, and prioritises refugee claims “on the basis of religious-based persecution”, a rule widely interpreted as being intended to favour Christians.
Paul Ryan, the House speaker, defended the move but conceded that it could have been better implemented. “The president has a responsibility to the security of this country,” he told reporters. “It’s regrettable that there was confusion on the rollout of this. No one wanted to see people with green cards or special immigrant visas, like translators, get caught up in all of this.” 
The Republican said he spoke at length with US homeland security secretary, John Kelly, and was “confident that he is, on a going forward basis, going to make sure that things are done correctly”.
At a press conference on Tuesday, Kelly also gave full backing to Trump, insisting this is a “temporary pause” to allow a better review the refugee vetting system. “This is not, I repeat, not a ban on Muslims,” he said.
Kelly denied reports that the executive order had been rushed out without his knowledge. He had seen “at least two” drafts of the order, he said, although he did not see the final one that Trump signed on Friday. “We did know the executive order was coming. We had people involved in the general drafting of it. Clearly this whole approach was what candidate Trump talked about for a year or two … We knew it was coming, it wasn’t a surprise it was coming, and then we implemented it.”
But Kelly also said a figure pushed repeatedly by the White House on Monday – that only 109 travellers were “slowed down” on Saturday – was now out of date and too low.
Kevin McAleenan, acting commissioner of the Customs and Border Protection agency, admitted that communication broke down over the weekend, leading to some individuals being detained for hours and conflicting advice given to airlines. “I think it’s fair to acknowledge that communications, publicly and inter-agency, haven’t been the best in the rollout of this process,” he said.
McAleenan said 872 refugees will be allowed into the US this week despite the suspension of the refugee programme. He said this was allowed for under the order, in instances where refugees were ready for travel and stopping them would cause “undue hardship”.
Amid a tremendous backlash in America and around the world, on Monday night Trump removed Yates after she told justice department lawyers not to defend his executive order. The White House said she had “betrayed” the department by refusing to enforce a legal order that was “designed to protect the citizens of the United States”.
At his briefing on Tuesday Spicer described Yates’s actions as “bewildering as well as defiant”. He said it was “a dereliction of duty” and backed the provocative use of the word “betrayal” in the White House statement announcing Yates had been fired.
David Perdue, senator for Georgia, Yates’s home state, backed the decision. “Like many Georgians, I have the utmost respect for Sally Yates, but I fully support President Trump’s right to make this type of personnel change in light of the fact that he is trying to protect Americans,” he said.
“Refusing to defend the United States is irresponsible. Under President Obama, our federal agencies were extremely politicised, and President Trump is trying to stop this trend. It is refreshing to see President Trump take action immediately instead of acting like a typical politician.”
Trump drafted in Dana Boente, US attorney for the eastern district of Virginia, to replace Yates as acting attorney general. The president’s official appointee, anti-immigration hardliner Senator Jeff Sessions, is yet to be confirmed by the Senate.
At a Senate judiciary committee hearing for Sessions on Tuesday, Democrat Patrick Leahy said: “What we saw last night illustrates what is at stake with this nomination. The president’s decision to fire acting attorney general Sally Yates is shameful. And his accusation that she ‘betrayed the Department of Justice’ is dangerous. The attorney general is the people’s attorney, not the president’s attorney. He or she does not ‘wear two hats’.”
Analysts compared the firing to the 1973 “Saturday night massacre” when Richard Nixon sacked the special Watergate prosecutor, Archibald Cox, prompting the resignation of Elliot Richardson as attorney general.
Laurence Tribe, a constitutional law professor at Harvard University, told MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow Show: “I think it’s historic. It certainly reminded me immediately of the Saturday night massacre. There are many differences but one is how quickly this has happened in the Trump presidency.
“It’s as if history is being collapsed into a black hole and everything is happening faster than the speed of light.”
Spicer also denied to reporters that the travel ban was a “ban”, telling them plenty of others were entering the United States and “a ban means people can’t get in”. Trump described the decision as “a ban” himself in a tweet on Monday but Spicer insisted that the president was simply “using the words the media is using”.
Meanwhile Madeleine Albright, the former secretary of state, joined criticism of the order. “I have travelled across this country many times; it’s a very big country and we have a lot of room,” said the woman who arrived as a refugee from Czechoslovakia when her ambassador father defected to America. “I do think that it can be proven that refugees make very good citizens and work very hard.”
Albright was among more than 100 former US foreign policy and national security officials from both parties who signed an open letter urging Trump to withdraw his executive order, which she described as “a really badly handled operation”.
Speaking at the Center for Strategic and International Studies thinktank in Washington, she added: “What has bothered me about this is that the Trump administration seems to have been unprepared for an executive order like this, in which there was not any kind of consultation with the departments that were really involved … which I think, if I might say, kind of reflects generally how the transition has worked.”
Additional reporting by Joanna Walters in New York



ARTICLE
Donald Trump began his first full week as US president firmly on the defensive, after millions of Americans took to the streets to protest against his election and the White House came under fire for brazenly lying to the public.
Rattled by the country’s biggest political demonstrations since the Vietnam war, Trump and his aides spent an extraordinary first weekend in office falsely claiming that record numbers of people had attended his swearing-in on Friday.
Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, used his first White House briefing to shout at journalists about what he incorrectly termed “deliberately false reporting” on Trump’s inauguration, declaring: “We’re going to hold the press accountable.”
“This was the largest audience ever to witness an inauguration, period,” said Spicer, in one of several statements contradicted by photographs and transit data. “These attempts to lessen the enthusiasm of the inauguration are shameful and wrong.”
Kellyanne Conway, a senior White House aide, told NBC’s Meet the Press on Sunday Spicer had merely been offering “alternative facts”, a phrase that was received with widespread astonishment.
Their remarks followed an estimated 2.6 million people in cities across the US attending protests in the form of women’s marches. Demonstrators targeted Trump, who is accused of sexually harassing and assaulting more than a dozen women and was recorded boasting about groping women by the crotch.
As many as a million people were estimated to have flooded the streets of Washington DC for the day’s main march. Hundreds of thousands more protested in cities such as New York, Los Angeles, Chicago and Boston and in capitals across the world, including London.
The total was far greater than had been anticipated and easily exceeded the size of Trump’s inauguration crowd the day before. The Washington Metro system said 1,001,616 trips were taken on Saturday, compared with about 570,000 on Friday.
But the president on Sunday tried to play down the significance of the demonstrations. “Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election,” he said on Twitter. “Why didn’t these people vote?” 
A later post to Trump’s account said that he recognised the right of people to demonstrate.
Trump was earlier sharply criticised for delivering a campaign-style speech in front of a memorial to fallen CIA officers. Saying he was at “war with the media”, Trump called accurate news reports about his inaugural crowd being smaller than Barack Obama’s “a lie”.
John Brennan, the outgoing CIA director, said Trump’s remarks were a “despicable display of self-aggrandisement” that left him “deeply saddened and angered”.
“Trump should be ashamed of himself,” Brennan said in a statement.
While the topic of the inauguration attendance was trivial, that Trump’s team was immediately willing to deny reality from the world’s most powerful office alarmed figures across the political spectrum. Reince Priebus, Trump’s chief of staff, also echoed Trump’s false claims in interviews on Sunday.
Adam Schiff, a Democratic congressman from California, said: “If Trump can’t handle the press on crowd size, just wait until they report on the economy, budget and healthcare ... Anything unfavourable he will call a lie.”
The weekend activity cast doubt over speculation that Trump, who repeatedly made wildly false statements during his campaign, would be jolted into more sober and conventional operations by the machinery of government and the gravity of his responsibilities.
Asked on ABC’s This Week whether he had full confidence in Trump, John McCain, the Republican senator and former presidential nominee, replied: “I don’t know.”
Trump also stated falsely during his speech at the CIA on Saturday that reports of a feud between him and US intelligence officials had been invented by journalists, who he said were among “the most dishonest human beings on Earth”.
Only 10 days earlier, Trump had personally likened the US intelligence establishment to Nazi Germany. He also suggested US officials had leaked to the media an explosive and unverified dossier by a former British spy alleging links between Trump and Russia.
Some of Trump’s most loyal supporters in Washington defended the president’s unusual remarks. “You’re going to see more of this,” Devin Nunes, a Republican congressman for California, told CNN’s State of the Union. “He was just having a good time.”
The new administration also received a significant boost on Sunday when McCain and Lindsey Graham, a senator for South Carolina, announced that they would vote for the confirmation of Rex Tillerson, the president’s nominee to be US secretary of state.
Graham and McCain, two of Washington’s most hawkish senators on foreign policy, had earlier suggested the relationship Tillerson cultivated with Moscow while chief executive of the Exxon energy corporation might be reason to block his appointment.
“Though we still have concerns about his past dealings with the Russian government and President Vladimir Putin, we believe that Mr Tillerson can be an effective advocate for US interests,” the senators said in a statement.
The Senate, which must approve a president’s cabinet appointments, is expected this week to approve several nominations by Trump, including Senator Jeff Sessions as attorney general and congressman Mike Pompeo as CIA director.
The new White House, however, remains under pressure on several other fronts. Having promised earlier this month that he would hand control of his property empire to his adult children, Trump has produced no paperwork proving that this was done. Ethics campaigners have said the move would, in any case, not remove Trump’s myriad conflicts of interest.
Ethics lawyers from the Obama and George W Bush White Houses say that Trump is already violating the US constitution by continuing to collect revenues from foreign government officials. Trump has said he will transfer such profits to the US treasury. 
This weekend his son in law, Jared Kushner, was cleared by the justice department to take an advisory role in the White House, despite widespread concerns over the application of a federal nepotism law.
A petition on the White House website for Trump to release his personal tax returns has been signed by more than 200,000 people. Opinion polls show that a majority of Americans want Trump to publish the documents, which he withheld during the campaign in a break with decades of convention.
But aides said that Trump would continue to withhold the returns, which are thought to show that he paid no federal income tax in some years, and may reveal previously undisclosed business activity.
“He’s not going to release his tax returns,” Conway told ABC. “We litigated this all through the election. People didn’t care.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump did not win the White House by running as a leader, a peacemaker or an inspirational figure. Instead, his pitch was that he was a dealmaker and salesman who could use his gift of the gab and “art of the deal” to break gridlock in Washington DC.
But he is facing his first and biggest challenge in living up to that image with his pledge to erase the Affordable Care Act, AKA Obamacare, to repeal and replace it with “something terrific”.
Speaking to a boisterous crowd of well over 18,000 filling an old basketball arena in Louisville, Kentucky, on Monday, Trump tried to make his pitch for popular support in a deep red state widely touted as one of the success stories of Obama’s Affordable Care Act (ACA).
Yet, speaking to his faithful, the president’s appeal was distinctly lacking detail when he tried to explain why Congress must adopt the American Health Care Act (AHCA), the plan House Republicans have proposed for dismantling Obama’s health law.
Trump characterized the passage of the AHCA as an urgent but mundane necessity, the political equivalent of a trip to get a new driver’s license, before Congress can move on to the real work of tax reform. “This is our chance to end Obamacare and the Obamacare catastrophe and begin delivering the reforms our people deserve,” said Trump. “And then we get the tax cuts.”
He spent little time on the actual merits of the House proposal, which would repeal the individual mandate compelling Americans to have health insurance and roll back the expansion of Medicaid for low-income Americans. 
Instead, Trump targeted a familiar foe, the media, whom he characterized as responsible for spreading “fake news” about the ACA. Trump told the cheering crowd: “Obamacare is a complete and total catastrophe but you watch the fake media and fake news and they keep building it up.” He added that, in his opinion, “if they told the truth about Obamacare, it would be so wonderful to the people of this country, because [the AHCA] would sail right through.”
The speech had particular significance in Kentucky, home of Senator Rand Paul, one of the most vocal critics of the health bill which is heading for a vote in the House on Thursday. While the state’s governor, Matt Bevin, and Paul’s fellow Kentucky senator, Mitch McConnell, were at the rally, Paul had already returned to Washington to meet with fellow conservative opponents of the bill, including Ted Cruz of Texas and Mike Lee of Utah, as well as members of the hard-right Freedom Caucus. However, Trump went out of his way to praise the libertarian iconoclast, saying: “I happen to like him a lot.”
Trump spent little time on the way Obama’s health reform had unfolded in the Bluegrass state, although both Bevin and McConnell bashed it in their warmup speeches before the president arrived. “Here, in Kentucky, it’s been a disaster,” said the Senate majority leader.
Democrats, by contrast, see the Affordable Care Act’s success in Kentucky as an argument for keeping the plan. The state’s former governor, Steve Beshear, delivered the Democratic response to Trump’s address to Congress in February solely to advocate for Obama’s health law.
In an interview with the Guardian, Beshear seemed to relish the fight. “The president and vice-president have apparently decided to make Kentucky ground zero in the battle over the Affordable Care Act and the future of healthcare in the country, and I can’t think of a better place to fight this battle than in Kentucky.”
He pointed out that 500,000 more Kentuckians now had health insurance as a result of the ACA and were fearful it would be taken from them.
Many of those Kentuckians voted for Trump, as well as Governor Bevin, who, once elected, immediately rolled back the state’s ACA exchange. In Beshear’s view, people voted for the Republicans because “folks really didn’t think they were serious about taking their healthcare away from them. You see that time and time again in the interviews, folks felt that was just campaign rhetoric and there was just no way that they’d take their healthcare away, and now they’re threatened and there are a lot of frightened people.”
 Beshear went on to predict that if Trump was successful in passing the AHCA, which he derided as “an atrocious bill”, that there would be “backlash” at the polls. 
Beshear’s concerns were echoed by John Yarmuth, a Democratic congressman from Louisville. All the attention on Kentucky, he said, “has actually been helpful in saving Affordable Care Act” because it had cleared up confusion about the act and Obamacare: “They understand now it’s the same thing.”
Many of the people most directly affected do not vote, Yarmuth said, but he still believed “people who vote to take that coverage away will pay a price”.
But Trump supporters at Monday’s rally seemed ready to embrace whatever proposals were put forward by their president, provided, of course, they knew what they were.
Jeremy Madding, a goateed Trump supporter from Mayfield, Kentucky, was most concerned about whether the AHCA provided any funding for healthcare for undocumented immigrants. He also derided Obama’s law as “just a way to make the working people pay for those who don’t work”.
He was also enthused about the lack of an individual mandate in the new plan and was most concerned that it “guaranteed some options to be able to shop around and have insurance that best fits us and our families, whether we be in Kentucky or in another state”.
He was unconcerned about the idea of Medicaid support for poorer Americans being slashed because “when the economy comes back and the jobs come back, that’ll offer opportunities”. He said his home town had lost several factories over the past decade, which he blamed on the Nafta trade deal between the US, Canada and Mexico. 
He thought “similar plants” would return and noted that factory workers in his town had made $25 an hour in 2004. To him, this was the key to the healthcare debate: “We get the economy jump-started again, there’ll be more jobs open, more opportunities for people to get jobs with insurance.”
In contrast, Greg Martin of Jeffersonville, Indiana, wearing a shirt featuring a cartoon eagle with Trump’s signature blond mane, didn’t think there was any threat to those on Medicaid. “I don’t think anybody is going to be kicked off Medicaid, Medicaid is what it needs to be,” Martin said. 
He added: “I really don’t believe people would be kicked off if there’s not a better option for them to go to. He’s not kicking everybody off, he’s going to try to fix the system, and it becomes a non-issue.”
Others were pessimistic about Trump’s proposals. Janice Whitworth of Louisville said: “I am not sure what to make of healthcare. It’s a mess either way you go. Obamacare was a mess, this is going to be just as messy.”
Some, like Logan Michelle of Floyd’s Knobs, Indiana, were just unfamiliar with the debate. “I don’t know enough info. I am not a liberal, I am not going to go off and just say stuff off of mainstream media,” said the young man in a T-shirt that read “Suck it liberals”. Michelle, who said he would consult Fox News and “not CNN, none of that New York Times”, added: “Well, I know that all these other proposals like Obamacare, what did it accomplish? It didn’t accomplish anything.”
Trump wants to deliver on his campaign promises, but must do more than woo supporters at rallies. Many conservative Republicans on Capitol Hill, like Paul, are still skeptical of the AHCA, which they see as leaving too much of Obama’s law in place, while moderates worry about the political ramifications. Although changes are being made to satisfy both conservatives and moderates – including a provision tailored specifically to win over skeptical Republicans from upstate New York – the bill still faces a bumpy ride. 
As Trump made a visit to Capitol Hill on Tuesday morning, his deal-making was veering towards veiled threats, as he hinted that Republicans who did not support the bill would face the possibility of primary challenges to unseat them.
The bill’s prospects remain uncertain ahead of its scheduled vote on Thursday. Trump can still sell his agenda to cheering fans in red #MAGA hats, but it takes a lot more charm and ingenuity to woo members of Congress.
Lauren Gambino contributed reporting from Washington



ARTICLE
The Border Patrol chief has been forced out a day after Donald Trump announced an ambitious plan to build a wall at the Mexican border and hire 5,000 Border Patrol agents, a US official told the Associated Press.
Mark Morgan told senior Border Patrol agents about his ouster during a brief video conference on Thursday morning, saying he was asked to leave and that he decided to resign rather than fight the request, according to the official, who was on the call. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the discussion was not intended to be made public.
Customs and Border Protection said Morgan’s last official day in office would be Tuesday.
Morgan was named to the post in June and took office in October. The former FBI agent briefly led the internal affairs department at the Border Patrol’s parent agency before heading the agency of roughly 20,000 agents.
In a statement, Kevin McAleenan, US Customs and Border Protection’s acting commissioner, praised Morgan for “his unwavering dedication to our border security mission” and “lifelong career in service to the nation”.
Morgan leaves office only seven months after being named the first outsider to lead the agency since it was founded in 1924.
From the start, he clashed with the Border Patrol’s union, which endorsed Trump early and forcefully during the presidential campaign. The National Border Patrol Council had advocated for an insider to lead the agency and sharply criticized Morgan at almost every turn.
The former official said Morgan had not been at work on Wednesday and had not attended a gathering at the homeland security department with Trump and the newly appointed homeland security secretary, John Kelly.
During that visit, Trump singled out the union’s president, Brandon Judd, while pointedly avoiding mention of Morgan. Judd served on Trump’s transition team.
The union was incensed when Morgan told a Senate hearing on 1 December, in response to a question from Senator Tom Carper, a Delaware Democrat, that he supported a comprehensive immigration overhaul, which is often interpreted to include a path to citizenship for people who are in the country illegally. Morgan clarified his remarks in a note to Border Patrol staff the following week.
“I want to be clear what my position is regarding immigration reform,” Morgan wrote. “I do not, as some have suggested, support what is often referred to as ‘blanket amnesty’. This assertion could not be further from my position. I encourage everyone to listen to my testimony.”
Despite pressure from the union, many agency officials said Morgan appeared to embrace the job. Less than a week ago, the first message on his new Twitter account read: “Chief Morgan here – excited to use this account to share the latest news and events of the #BorderPatrol with followers.”



ARTICLE
Seattle mayor Ed Murray has denied allegations that he sexually abused three men when they were teenagers in the 1980s, saying in a brief press conference that a lawsuit filed against him will not deter a re-election campaign.
Murray, 61, gained national prominence with a long campaign to legalize same-sex marriage in Washington state, his quest to raise Seattle’s minimum wage to $15 – a promise that helped him unseat the incumbent mayor in 2013 – and his unvarnished criticism of Donald Trump. On Thursday Murray was accused by three men of sexual abuse in the 1980s, including in a lawsuit.
On Friday the mayor denied the allegations through a spokesman and at a brief press conference. The claims, Murray said, “were very painful for me. It was painful for my husband.” 
He said he will not step down and will run for re-election. But he refused to answer reporters’ questions, saying the case “is now a legal matter that is in the courts”.
A spokesman, Jeff Reading, previously suggested unnamed enemies were behind the claims. “It is not a coincidence that this shakedown effort comes within weeks of the campaign filing deadline,” Reading said.
In court documents, a man identified only by his age, 46, and his initials, DH, said that Murray “raped and molested him” over a period of several years beginning in 1986. The accuser said he was 15 and addicted to crack cocaine at the time, and his attorney, Lincoln Beauregard, said DH had sought mental health counseling and was taking part in addiction-recovery programs.
Murray said the allegations “are simply not true” and that he felt sad for the “troubled” individual.
Beauregard sent a letter Friday to Murray’s lawyer offering to make DH available for a video deposition. Beauregard disputed that the lawsuit was politically motivated, and said Murray wasn’t being truthful. The attorney said that the mayor’s representatives never asked for his client’s identity . “He should have no idea who my client is,” Beauregard said. “How can he paint him as troubled?”
Two others, Jeff Simpson and Lloyd Anderson, also made allegations against Murray, telling the Seattle Times they met him while living in a Portland center for troubled teens. They said they were paid for sex in the 1980s and would testify.
An entry in a case-tracking system shows that the Multnomah County district attorney’s office rejected pursuing a third-degree sodomy case against Murray in 1984, district attorney Don Rees said.
Portland police have found no records linking either man to Murray, said sergeant Pete Simpson of the Portland Police Bureau.
In the 1980s, Murray worked as a paralegal with public defender lawyers in Portland before returning to Seattle. There he joined the vanguard of the gay rights movement, serving as campaign manager for Cal Anderson, a Seattle state senator who was the state’s first openly gay member.
Anderson died in 1995, and though Murray failed in his bid to win Anderson’s seat, he was appointed to fill the legislative seat of the state representative who won the state senate campaign.
During his 18 years as a state lawmaker, Murray was a sponsor of Washington’s gay marriage law, spearheaded an effort to protect LGBTQ youth in public schools, and led the state’s push to ban discrimination based on sexual orientation. In his short press conference, Murray invoked his working-class childhood in Seattle, as one of seven children in an Irish Catholic family.
“Things have never come easily to me in life, but I have never backed down and I will not back down now,” Murray said. Michael Shiosaki, Murray’s partner of 24 years and his husbands since 2013, hugged the mayor after his statement to reporters.
In 2013, Murray defeated a fellow Democrat, the incumbent Mike McGinn, who represented a more centrist, older faction of the party. Murray signed a law to raise the minimum wage after taking office, and has recently taken on police reform and increased funds for Seattle’s homelessness crisis. Last week Murray announced that Seattle was suing the Trump administration over the president’s order that threatens to withhold federal funds from communities that refuse to cooperate with efforts to deport undocumented immigrants.



ARTICLE
Alabama’s governor, Robert Bentley, resigned on Monday rather than face impeachment and pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor campaign violations that arose during the investigation of an alleged affair with a top aide.
The mild-mannered 74-year-old Republican and onetime Baptist deacon was at peace with the decision to step down, according to a former administration member who was not authorized to release the information and spoke to the Associated Press on the condition of anonymity.
The sex-tinged scandal gathered force over the past few days and turned up the pressure by opening impeachment hearings on Monday. Last week, the Alabama ethics commission cited evidence that Bentley broke state ethics and campaign laws and referred the matter to prosecutors.
In a court hearing, Bentley appeared sullen and looked down at the floor as he pleaded guilty to misdemeanor charges of failing to file a major contribution report and converting campaign contributions to personal use.
The agreement specifies that Bentley must surrender campaign funds totaling $36,912 within a week and perform 100 hours of community service as a physician. He also cannot seek public office again.
Bentley’s resignation follows the ouster of former House speaker Mike Hubbard, who left office in 2016 after being convicted on ethics charges, and former state supreme court Chief Justice Roy Moore, who was suspended from his post last year over an order opposing same-sex marriage.
Bentley, a staunch family-values conservative who won two terms partly because of his reputation for moral rectitude, was first engulfed in scandal last year after recordings surfaced of him making sexually charged comments to 45-year-old political adviser Rebekah Caldwell Mason.
An investigative report prepared for the House judiciary committee and released last week said Bentley encouraged an “atmosphere of intimidation” to keep the story under wraps and directed law enforcement officers to track down and seize the recordings. The report portrayed the governor as paranoid and obsessed with trying to keep the relationship secret.
The committee on Monday started what was expected to be days of hearings.
Bentley lawyer Ross Garber had argued that impeachment should be reserved for only the “most grave misconduct,” noting that only two US governors have been impeached since 1929, and both were indicted for serious felonies.
“It is not unusual for elected officials to have ethics and campaign finance issues. In fact, many governors face these things. It is very rare, though, for legislators to try to leverage those issues to impeach a governor. In fact, it is simply not done,” Garber told The Associated Press in an email.
Garber also represented former governor Mark Sanford of South Carolina and governor John Rowland of Connecticut during impeachment proceedings.
The last US governor to be impeached was Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich in 2009. He was removed from office, and is now serving a prison sentence, for conspiring to sell an appointment to Barack Obama’s vacant US Senate seat.
The investigative report contained text messages that the governor sent to Mason. They were intercepted by Bentley’s then wife, Dianne Bentley, who was able to read the messages because they also showed up on the governor’s state-issued iPad, which he had given her.
“I sure miss you. I need you. I want you. You are the only one,” one message read.
Dianne Bentley divorced her husband in 2015 after 50 years of marriage.
At one point, according to the investigative report, the governor sent the head of his security detail to fetch the recording from his son, Paul Bentley, who responded: “You ain’t getting it.” Dianne Bentley secretly recorded her husband by leaving her phone on while she went for a walk.
The former first lady’s chief of staff also charged that Bentley threatened her job because he believed she had helped his wife make the recordings.
On Friday, the governor made a somber plea for forgiveness from the steps of the Alabama capitol, acknowledging that he had let people down but promising that he had done nothing illegal or anything to merit his removal from office.
He has denied having a physical relationship with his former aide, though in some of the recordings he talked about the pleasure he got from fondling her breasts.
GOP leaders in the House and Senate have called on Bentley to resign, as has the Alabama Republican party’s steering committee.
Two of Bentley’s predecessors in the past three decades have been convicted of crimes: Republican Guy Hunt in the 1990s, for misusing funds, and Democrat Don Siegelman, who was convicted of bribery in 2006.



ARTICLE
Just hours after FBI director James Comey confirmed that there was a federal investigation into possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia during the 2016 presidential race, Donald Trump regaled supporters at a Kentucky rally with tales of 19th century political history and 21st century NFL quarterbacks.
Without addressing Comey’s testimony to Congress earlier in the day, the president appeared in front of a crowd of 18,000 supporters and basked in their applause.
He boasted that he was the reason that former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick had yet to sign with an NFL team. Kaepernick famously refused to stand for the national anthem throughout the 2016 NFL season and was the subject of national controversy as a result. 
Trump claimed “there was an article today it was reported that NFL owners don’t want to pick him up because they don’t want to get a nasty tweet from Donald Trump”. To the loud cheers that followed, he added: “The people of Kentucky like it when people stand for the American flag.”
Trump, who had been touting the perceived historic similarities between himself and Andrew Jackson, also spent much of the rally touting the philosophy of Jackson’s arch-rival, Henry Clay. 
The president lauded Clay for his American System, which called for funding internal improvements with canals. Trump’s praise for Clay – who served as speaker of the House, senator, secretary of state and three-time Whig nominee for president – was deeply discordant with his previous praise of Jackson. The seventh president of the US vehemently opposed the American System and once said that one of his great regrets in life was not shooting Clay. 
Despite ignoring Russia in his speech, Trump did mention the ongoing Capitol Hill fight over healthcare reform. He described repealing and replacing Obamacare as important because it was necessary before any tax reform legislation could be passed.
“We want a very big tax cut,” he said, “but cannot do that until we keep our promise to repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare.” 
Trump also engaged in his usual dark populist rhetoric, warning “of a financial system stacked against the American people”.
In his view, “These entrenched interests will do anything they can to keep the broken system in place, but they will fail and we will win because we are fighting on the side of our great American heritage.”
He also seemed to take pleasure in needling the crowd about the upset loss of their hometown basketball team, the Louisville Cardinals, in the NCAA tournament on Sunday. Speaking in the venue where Louisville played for more than a half century, he told the crowd, “You just worry about your basketball and I’ll take care of the rest.”
Not only is the team loyally supported in Louisville, but Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell, attending in support of the president on Monday, is an alumni of the school and a diehard fan.
Attendees shared the lack of concern about Russian influence in the 2016 election. Wendy Lambert of Lynchville, Kentucky said: “I don’t believe in any of the Russian hacking or all of that stuff. I don’t believe so because it was all a setup.” 
She added that in her opinion the setup “was mostly on the Democrats, on the Hillary side”.
Janice Whitworth of Louisville, Kentucky, echoed those views, noting “there hasn’t been found any evidence of it yet”. She said that while Russia was “maybe using the media ... none of the election devices or machines are connected to the internet” so she wasn’t concerned about hacking.



ARTICLE
“I never knew a time when I didn’t have the best insurance in the world.” Frank Hawkey, 70, held a union job at the Bethlehem steel mill in Northampton County, Pennsylvania, for 31 years, right up until the plant closed in 1996. Hawkey, like a lot of his former colleagues, recalls the camaraderie of the place, the practical jokes that would break up a shift, how all the families would get together outside work for birthdays and barbecues.
Another thing the former steelworkers all remember: how good the health coverage was. 
“When I was at Bethlehem Steel, we’d get billed zero,” Hawkey said. “And that was probably one of the biggest cultural shocks in the world, when we lost our healthcare. When they went bankrupt, we lost our insurance.”
The steelworkers truly needed health insurance. The most common injuries in the plant were from collisions with moving objects, as iron ore and additives were smelted and shaped into super-hot beams that rolled through the mill, except when they jumped the track. Between 1965 and the mill’s closure, 45 people were killed at the plant, according to Frank Behum, a former steelworker and oral historian.
“This was the most dangerous steel mill in the United States, and the local people never knew it,” Behum said. “Osha [the occupational safety and health administration] didn’t come in until 1974, and it actually wasn’t fully implemented until 1980. And that made a big difference.”
The steel era is gone, taking with it thousands of “womb to tomb” jobs that came with comprehensive health benefits. In Northampton County, fewer people are getting injured on the job, but residents now contend with new health challenges: obesity, heart disease, cancer, drug addiction. 
The need for care is still there, but affordable coverage might not be. Judging by dozens of interviews in recent months, frustration about healthcare was a significant factor at the ballot box when, last November, Northampton County voted for Donald Trump for president, after having voted for Barack Obama twice.
“My healthcare payments just kept going up, every month, every year,” recalled a lifelong Northampton resident named Rachelle, 36, who did not want to give her last name because she works in education and wanted to keep politics out of it.
Rachelle was a Democrat who voted twice for Obama, before switching her party registration in March to vote for Trump during the Republican primary season, as many other Democrats in Northampton County did. “I think I finally woke up,” she said. “I finally realized that Donald Trump – he spoke to the common folk.”
Hours before Rachelle spoke with the Guardian, the Congressional Budget Office had released a report on the Trump-endorsed Republican plan to replace Obama’s healthcare law. It said that 14 million people would be ejected from insurance rolls by next year, healthcare costs for low-income patients would increase, while tax breaks would be delivered to top earners.
Rachelle said she did not believe the media reports. She trusted Trump to get healthcare right. 
“I think it’s still too early to determine, and I’d like to wait and see how this will roll out,” she said. “I trust whatever’s he’s going to do. I am sure they are going to make it work.”
Frank Hawkey, the steelman, did not vote for Trump, in part because he viewed the candidate’s promises to bring back American manufacturing as patently false. “Trump says he’s going to restart the steel industry – well, I’ve got news for him, and it’s all bad,” Hawkey said. “The older guys, they don’t believe it. They’re realists. The steel mill’s not coming back. No two ways about it.”
Still, Hawkey said, some Democrats who lived through the heyday of steel bought into Trump’s promise. If you can say, “I never knew a time when I didn’t have the best insurance in the world,” the slogan Make America Great Again might resonate.
The realization that the Republican healthcare plan could be devastating for people who depend on healthcare subsidies has been attended by wrenching stories from across the country of low-income Trump supporters with major health problems who are alarmed at the idea that they could now lose care as a result of Trump’s win.
That’s not the main story in Northampton. Enrollment here in Medicaid, the subsidies program for low-income patients, is slightly below the national average. The top two employers in the county are healthcare networks, both of which have drawn on federal funds for their continued expansions, in exchange for which they are required to provide a significant amount of free or reduced-rate care. People say access to care and the care itself are generally good.
What is unusual about Northampton County – and one reason healthcare was such an influential issue here in the 2016 election – is how immediate the pressures of the global marketplace can seem to the average voter. Many people here still remember how the dumping of foreign steel on the American market, beginning in the 1970s, hastened the decline of the local industry.
“One of the big things everybody voted for was healthcare,” said Ken Kraft, a locally based business agent for the International Union of Painters and Allied Trades. “We’re competing in everything against companies that don’t pay for healthcare. Here we have to pay a certain percentage. That’s paying for the competition to compete against us. So that’s a strong reason to vote against the status quo.”
While a scathing Trump critic himself, Kraft said more than half the members of his union had voted for Trump, many because they bought Trump’s promise to make US businesses more competitive by controlling healthcare costs.
With its confluence of freeways, railroads and rivers, and its proximity to the ports of the eastern seaboard, Northampton has an unusually high number of homegrown firms that compete in global markets, including Victaulic (industrial piping), Follett (refrigeration), Crayola (art supplies), and Martin Guitars (great tunes).
Richard Master is CEO and founder of MCS Industries, Inc, the leading US supplier of picture frames and decorative mirrors, with $170m in sales, 160 US employees and factories in Mexico and China. He started the business in Easton, in east Northampton County, on the remnants of a box company his father had founded in 1948.
“Our healthcare bill for those 160 workers is $2m, and the average cost per hour is $8 to $10 an hour,” Master said. “Particularly for family plans, it is a huge, huge expense, a huge part of the overall compensation package for workers.
“We need to be competitive with the world, and that’s why healthcare, which is so expensive in the United States, is a major concern if we’re going to reindustrialize consumer products here in the US.”
Master, a former Bernie Sanders supporter who produced a documentary film called Fix It: Health Care at the Tipping Point, believes that the announcement by the Pennsylvania health department last October that insurers had requested increases in premiums of 25% or more had given a boost to Trump in the election.
“This information came out in the weeks preceding the election,” Master said. “Policies were being canceled. Old policies were being canceled. There were new policies that were proposed with high double-digit increases. And I think this had a very significant impact on this election. Nationally and certainly locally. There were front-page articles in the local newspapers about this. And it was alarming.”
After the steel plant closed, Frank Hawkey was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma. His insurer summarily dropped him, citing what it viewed as a pre-existing condition, he said. He went a couple of years without coverage before regaining insurance through his wife’s food distribution business. Now he’s on Medicare.
Hawkey said protections in the Obama law for people with pre-existing conditions were reassuring to him. “To this day, pre-existing conditions mean a lot to me, because – I don’t know if they could kick you off Medicare, but I’m sure they could stop treating you.”
Complaints about Obama’s healthcare law in Northampton County are easily come by. When the current executive, John Brown, took office in 2014, the county faced a penalty under the so-called “Cadillac tax” provision of the law, which was designed to combat distorted tax incentives that led some employers to take out excessively costly healthcare plans.
For the coverage it offered its 1,850 full-time employees, Northampton County faced a penalty of $9.4m, to kick in from 2018, a penalty that would have grown in future years, Brown said. “It seemed to be an overly punitive part of the law for taking very good care of your employees,” he said. 
To avoid the penalty, he came up with a complex solution using multiple insurance policies to keep up the quality of care for his workers – but he was left feeling that a a system intended to put the care of ordinary workers first had failed by over-regulating a considerate employer.
But for all the complaints about Obama’s healthcare act, one doesn’t have to go far in Northampton County to find someone who loves the law, and views the current Republican effort with trepidation, or worse. Few of the stories are as dramatic as that of Jennifer Newland, who lives in Roseto, in the northern part of the county.
“Two years ago, I was diagnosed with stage 4 liver, colon and lymph node cancer,” said Newland, who now works for a Democratic state representative. “I had no symptoms at all.”
Shortly before her diagnosis, Newland had left a job and had been offered coverage through Cobra for $354 a month, with a $2,500 deductible.
“I was like, ‘Oh my gosh, how is this going to work?’” Newland said. “So I looked at the ACA [Affordable Care Act]. And I ended paying $149 for a $300 deductible plan.” 
Then came the cancer diagnosis. Newland sought treatment in the Lehigh Valley hospital network. 
“There were no hurdles. It was so smooth,” she said. “They would have a nurse call me. They would have a caseworker call me. They would check in all the time to make sure – Did I have any questions? Did I need any more help?
“At one point I said to them, could I have physical therapy, because I’m just not feeling strong? And they were like, ‘absolutely’. It was kind of like, no questions asked. If this is the care that you feel you need to get back to 100%, we’ll provide it for you.’”
Newland’s cancer is in remission. “The ACA literally saved my life, and I couldn’t be prouder to stand up for it,” she said.
“This whole repeal effort really has me worried for the people out there that continue to have it. That’s really a huge issue for me. I’m sad for the people who might lose their insurance.
“Even with Trump, I hope that he sees the light. I hope that he gets to hear stories of people that the ACA has touched.”



ARTICLE
As of Tuesday night, when Donald Trump addressed a joint session of Congress, he seemed to have recovered some esteem in the eyes of liberal pundits. This seemed largely to be based on the fact that Trump had reined in his style. Some conservatives were more discerning.
Meanwhile, there are real reasons to think that Trump’s ambiguous, sometimes isolationist-sounding campaign rhetoric is fading into a conventionally hawkish posture on the war on terror. Some who were charged with implementing the policies of his predecessors are asking why. 
And in the more exotic corners of the right, we find libertarians debating the ethics of denying the far right a speaking platform, and traditionalist Catholics donning hats for God. 
Publication:  Notes on Liberty
Author:  Like many libertarians, Zachary Woodman is an undergraduate student. (Sorry, Zachary, I couldn’t resist). But in this post on the libertarian blog Notes on Liberty, he offers a pretty mature reflection on the prospect of a “fascist creep” in the libertarian movement. 
Why read:  Last week, Richard Spencer showed up at the International Students For Liberty Conference in Washington DC. He was swiftly tossed out but claimed that he had been invited by attendees. The openness of some libertarians to fascism, and the fact that Spencer thought that he might be welcome there or find new recruits, has led to some soul-searching among libertarians. As well it might – the biographies of some major “alt-right” figures show that they found their way to fascism through “anarcho-capitalist” libertarianism. Woodman offers a painstaking, trenchant diagnosis of his own movement. 
Extract: “Not playing footsies with Nazis is the bare minimum for being ideologically tolerable, and not something to be celebrated. We need to recognize that the reason Spencer even felt comfortable showing up and the reason minor leaders in libertarian student organizations felt comfortable inviting him is a symptom of a deeper disease that’s been in the making for quite some time. I do not know exactly how to address this disease, but the first step to fixing a problem is admitting that we have one.”
Publication: The American Conservative
Author:  Daniel Larison is a consistent and principled voice against US foreign adventures. This is the major theme of his blog at the American Conservative. 
Why read: When even liberal pundits are somehow concluding that Trump’s ability to read from a teleprompter is inherently “presidential”, it’s worth noting that not all conservative pundits agree. Larison notes that Trump’s speech was, rhetorically, much like his campaign rhetoric: blustering, braggadocious, and empty of specificities. 
Extract: “Trump entered office as a wartime president, but he had very little to say about this and said even less about why the US is involved in wars in multiple countries around the globe. The war in Afghanistan didn’t rate a mention, and neither did the ongoing horror of the US-backed war on Yemen. I suppose the very thin silver lining to this is that he didn’t announce plans to escalate US involvement in either country, but that doesn’t mean he won’t do that in both places. For all of Trump’s rhetoric about peace, he gave no indication that he intends to end US involvement in any of the wars it is currently fighting or enabling. I assume that is because he has no intention of doing any such thing.”
Publication: The American TFP
Author:  Anonymous, but the website is run by John Horvat III, a traditionalist Catholic intellectual who believes that modern society needs to be subjected once more to strict spiritual and temporal hierarchy. 
Why read it: This is your weekly reminder that the right is, at times, just flat-out weird. The nameless author makes the case that a man wearing a hat in public is not a pointlessly retrograde gesture, but a sign of civility and spiritual dignity. It’s a pretty convoluted defense of fedoras, but whatever works, I guess. 
Extract:  “Just as a priest wears a biretta to express his mysterious power as mediator between God and men, so also a hat worn with dignity evokes gestures and attitudes that constitute a true social liturgy, necessary for human acts in a Christian society. In both the biretta and hat, a Catholic ‘should look beyond the mere practical aspects and look for something which people who worship mundane practicality will call “useless” – he must look for the principles that give the meaning of life and prepare the soul for Heaven’ (Plinio Corrêa de Oliveira).”
Publication: The Weekly Standard
Author: Michael Warren is a senior writer at the neocon organ the Weekly Standard. He’s also worked at other conservative flagships such as the Wall Street Journal, the Washington Times and National Review. 
Why read it: Against the grain of the congratulatory assessments of Trump’s address to the Congress on Thursday, many have rightly noted that Trump’s speech contained many abhorrent proposals and was broadly similar to everything else he has said since his nomination as the GOP candidate. Warren picks up on another nuance: Trump’s speech made a case for big-spending government, flying in the face of a half-century of Republican orthodoxy. 
If they adhered to their principles, we might expect that more orthodox Republicans such as Paul Ryan would oppose this. Stop laughing. 
Extract: “But Trump also made a pitch for more infrastructure spending, paid family leave, and ‘accessible and affordable’ childcare. And there was no talk of reforming Medicare or Social Security, nor of reducing the size and scope of government. He even seemed open to Medicaid expansion. Republicans in Congress won elections blasting federal spending projects and promising to fix unsustainable entitlements. But Tuesday found even House speaker Paul Ryan, the party’s intellectual leader on domestic policy, applauding Trump’s deviations.”
Publication:  War is Boring
Author:  Maj Danny Sjursen is a US army strategist who used to lecture at West Point. In his books and journalism, he has presented a critical view of the United States’ generation-long, and still open-ended, commitment to war in the Middle East. 
Why read it: This is a long, forensic and persuasive account of the failure of America’s Middle East policies, and the unlikelihood of improvement, by someone with practical experience in trying to implement them in theaters of war. He shows how US policymakers drew the wrong lessons from two crucial years - 1979 and 2003. The result has been a militarized Middle East policy which has only ramped up chaos in the region. 
Extract: “The State Department counted just 348 terrorist attacks worldwide in 2001 compared with 11,774 attacks in 2015. That’s right, at best, America’s 15-year ‘war on terror’ failed to significantly reduce international terrorism. At worst, its actions helped make matters 30 times worse.”



ARTICLE
In February, the newly-appointed US attorney general, Jeff Sessions, indicated he backed a hardline stance against marijuana. 
Also that month, the top prosecutor in the country’s third-most populous county announced that possession of small amounts of the drug would be decriminalised in the Houston, Texas, area.
That prosecutor, Kim Ogg, was the first Democratic district attorney in nearly four decades, defeating her Republican rival in an election last November that saw an energized movement to oust bad prosecutors. 
Ogg is part of a wave of local leaders – many newly elected – who are barrelling ahead with plans to reform the criminal justice system at the local level, even as Sessions has expressed his desire to reintroduce harsher sentences for drugs and other nonviolent crimes. In Texas, Ogg is also contending with state Republican leaders prepared to fight against progressive reforms at every turn.
“We represent a clear and present danger to the Republican power structure that’s basically ruled Texas for 30 years,” Ogg said earlier this month in her office in downtown Houston, noting that Houstonians elected Democrats all the way up the ballot. “We effected a Democratic sweep in an otherwise deep red state and we were a national anomaly and I’m really proud of our work.”
Already since taking office in January, Ogg has set about introducing reforms, including giving people caught with less than four ounces of marijuana the chance to take a drug education class instead of being arrested, and new bail recommendations so that those charged with minor offences may be released from jail while they await trial on personal bonds rather than being asked to put up cash.
“The math is ridiculous,” Ogg said of marijuana prosecutions. Her department calculated that it cost more than $25m per year to prosecute 10,000 people annually for low-level marijuana offences, which took up about a tenth of the county’s docket. “The return in terms of public safety has been nothing, nil. We are not a safer society or a safer greater Houston urban area because marijuana was aggressively prosecuted,” she said.
On bail practices, also the subject of a federal court challenge in Houston, Ogg said that about 75% of those held in the county jail had not been convicted. They are stuck in a process that can take 12-24 hours just to get bond, while others remain behind bars for years as they await trial. The cash bail system encourages defendants of limited means to plead guilty simply to get out of jail.
“Holding low-level offenders who can’t bond out because they’re too poor is against the basic principles of fairness,” Ogg said.
“I want poor people out of the jail if they don’t pose a safety threat to the rest of the community and I don’t want rich criminals to be able to buy their way out simply because they have the money regardless of their threat level.”
Ogg has worked as a felony prosecutor, a defence attorney, on an anti-gang task force and as head of Crime Stoppers in the city. She said that she realised a decade ago, in her mid-forties, that her career path was influenced by an incident that happened when she was a small child: her mother was kidnapped by a serial rapist in broad daylight in downtown Houston and only escaped by jumping out of a speeding car.
“It seems that our system had dumbed down and lower level prosecutions, especially of people who couldn’t make bond, became far more popular over the last decade and meanwhile our clearance rates on burglary, robbery and murder have all declined substantially,” she said. “That has to stop. Those are the crimes people care about.”
Dan Patrick, the Texas lieutenant governor, criticised the marijuana changes in February and implied that Houston was becoming the equivalent of an immigration “sanctuary city” for pot.
“All I’ve done is divert 10,000 offenders a year around jail and a criminal record through a lawful process through pre-charge diversion,” Ogg said. 
The Trump administration has also threatened to slash federal funding in so-called sanctuary cities, as well as proposing a budget that would drastically cut urban grants.
“At the same time as state legislators are pulling back on the leverage that cities have to innovate and move their communities and economies forward, the federal government is not offering the help that perhaps it traditionally would have,” said Brooks Rainwater, senior executive and director of the National League of Cities’ Center for City Solutions.
“We’re seeing a lot of proposed budgetary impacts that would be detrimental for cities – pulling back dollars on community development block grants, slashing the EPA budget, ending a lot of grant programs and partnership programs between the federal government, states and local governments.”
Rainwater is the co-author of a report on the battles for control between states and cities on issues such as the minimum wage, paid leave, ride-sharing and taxation. The report found that 19 state legislatures have passed laws pre-empting cities from mandating that employers offer paid leave.
“It’s part of a broader scale trend that we’ve seen playing out over the last decade with a number of states of different political intent butting up against cities that are largely more progressive, particularly larger cities,” he said.
Despite growing urban and Hispanic populations, Texas’ Republican lawmakers have kept a firm grip on power. Uncompetitive statewide elections mean the only pressure they face is from within their own party during Republican primaries, a scenario that has seen them move further rightwards to placate their conservative bases rather than towards the centre to appeal to the millions who live in ever-more-diverse cities.
State politicians have tackled cities that dared to display an independent streak on culture-war topics large and small. When Sally Hernandez, sheriff of Travis County, announced this year that her department would not accede to federal requests to hold jail inmates for pick-up and possible deportation by immigration officers, Texas’s Republican governor, Greg Abbott, swiftly cut off $1.5m in criminal justice grants for the county.
Denton, near Dallas, prohibited fracking within city limits in 2014. Amid concern from the energy industry, Texas lawmakers quickly stepped in and banned the ban. 
While sheriffs such as Hernandez are vulnerable to overrides, Ogg said prosecutors had significant powers that were hard for state officials to undermine – one reason why progressive activists campaigned strongly for her election, arguing it could have a profound effect on local communities.
“The legislative branch is trying very much at the statewide level to interfere with local political leadership and control, but prosecutors enjoy such discretion statewide [that] if they want to attack me, they have to attack all prosecutors – they cannot pass a law that simply limits the discretion of the Harris County district attorney and doesn’t impact their own district attorneys,” she said. “I think that is another safeguard in this process.”
It has long been a truism that demographic changes will eventually turn Texas purple; Ogg hopes that successful criminal justice policies will encourage a political evolution that will foster more common ground between cities and rural areas, not less. 
“Our populations have the opportunity to change the political balance in Texas,” she said. “They have not been motivated to do so for the last 30 years and I hope that by good governance, sound policies that work and produce the intended consequence of a lower serious crime rate, it will be an unassailable argument and the rural counties will come along and want the same result: less crime.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump has issued an ultimatum to the hard right of the Republican party, warning them to “get on the team” or face consequences at the ballot box.
The US president tweeted on Thursday: “The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don’t get on the team, & fast. We must fight them, & Dems, in 2018!”
In a disastrous setback to his agenda, Trump’s bid to repeal and replace Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law crumbled last week after he failed to convince a number of House members, including most of the Freedom Caucus, to support it.
Trump initially blamed Democrats for not backing the new bill, but he has since shifted his focus to take swipes at the Freedom Caucus. His tweet carried the implied threat that he will support challengers to the conservative rebels in Republican primaries.
Asked if Trump intends to back challengers to the Freedom Caucus in primaries, Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, replied: “I’m going to let the tweet speak for itself. It would be improper for me to speak about the election defeat of any candidate from this podium.”
Ousting Freedom Caucus members would be far from straightforward even in Trump strongholds. In Kentucky, North Carolina, Tennessee and Iowa, Republicans who blocked the healthcare legislation have won praise from constituents for stopping what many saw as a flawed plan, according to an Associated Press report.
Spicer told his daily press briefing: “There’s a few members of the Freedom Caucus who’ve expressed a willingness to want to work with him [Trump] rather than as a bloc. There continues to be some promising signs ... He’s hoping people will see the bigger picture, the goals we’ve outlined.”
There has also been speculation that the president, a former Democrat of uncertain ideology, might seek to work with some Democrats on healthcare, his planned $1tn infrastructure programme, and other legislation.
At a White House reception for senators and their spouses this week, attended by some Democrats including the minority leader, Chuck Schumer, Trump promised: “We’re going to be doing a great job. But hopefully it will start being bipartisan, because everybody really wants the same thing. We want greatness for this country that we love.”
But the House speaker, Paul Ryan, the most senior Republican on Capitol Hill, spoke out against the prospect of healthcare cooperation on Thursday. He told the CBS This Morning show: “If we don’t do this, then he’ll just go work with Democrats to try and change Obamacare. And that’s not, that’s hardly a conservative thing. I don’t want that to happen.”
Ryan was criticised for this stance by Senator Bob Corker a Republican from Tennessee, who tweeted: “We have come a long way in our country when the speaker of one party urges a president NOT to work with the other party to solve a problem.”
The speaker then responded at a press conference on Capitol Hill: “The Democrats aren’t for repealing Obamacare. We are. We work with Democrats all the time …. but I don’t think it’s a stretch of the mind to suggest that the Democrats disagree with us about repealing Obamacare.
“So if we’re going to do what we said we would do and repeal and replace Obamacare, something tells me the Democrats are not going to help us.”
Ryan insisted that about 90% of House Republicans supported the failed healthcare bill and 10% did not. “What I am encouraging members to do is keep talking to one another until we can pass this bill,” he said. “[Trump] is expressing his frustration. We all know he does that in various forms, including Twitter.”
But bitter recriminations in the Republican party show no sign of easing. For seven years they promised to repeal and replace Obamacare, but the bill now hangs in limbo as they move on to other issues like a tax overhaul.
“This is too big of an issue to not get right,” Ryan said, explaining that he would not impose an artificial deadline to “save” the healthcare system.
On Wednesday senior officials from the White House held talks with two dozen leaders from conservative groups. The New York Times reported that the meeting included “a candid, polite airing of complaints that they have been largely left out of the loop on major administration decision-making, according to people who attended”.
Meanwhile, Trump intensified his war on the media with another tweet on Thursday. “The failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world,” he posted. “Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws?” He added a link to a New York Post article attacking the Times, a link the president also tweeted out two days ago.



ARTICLE
A closely divided Senate confirmed the nomination of Jeff Sessions to be attorney general on Wednesday after a historically tumultuous confirmation process that saw the senator from Alabama come under fire for his views on race and civil rights.
All but one Democrat voted against confirming Sessions, while his Republican colleagues unanimously backed him. The final tally of senators was 52 to 47.
Many senators broke into applause after the vote over one of the chamber’s own members being elevated to the cabinet. But they were almost all Republicans. A handful of Democrats, including Joe Donnelly of Indiana and Bill Nelson of Florida, gave a few polite claps. 
The confirmation process for Sessions, a four-term senator, tested the Senate’s norms of treating colleagues with deference.
Democrat Cory Booker of New Jersey became the first sitting senator ever to testify against the nomination of a colleague, and growing tensions on the floor led to the rare use of Senate procedure on Tuesday to silence Democrat Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts for quoting a 30-year-old letter attacking Sessions written by Coretta Scott King, the late widow of Martin Luther King Jr.
Sessions came under scrutiny for his record on civil rights. He had previously been nominated to be a federal district judge in 1986 by the then president, Ronald Reagan, but allegations of racism torpedoed his nomination, which was voted down in committee.
Sessions rebounded politically to become Alabama attorney general and then win election in 1996 to the Senate, where he became one of the leading immigration hawks in the Republican caucus. Sessions helped lead the effort to derail comprehensive immigration reform in 2013 and formed a close alliance with the far-right website Breitbart in the process. Breitbart’s editor at the time, Steve Bannon, is now a top White House aide. 
The Alabama senator became the first federal elected official to endorse Donald Trump’s campaign, in February 2016, not long after his longtime aide, Stephen Miller, joined Trump’s campaign as a speechwriter and warm-up speaker at rallies. His close ties to Trump raised concern from Democrats, who worried that he would be insufficiently independent of the White House as attorney general. 
With his confirmation, Sessions takes over a justice department that has already seen significant drama since Trump took the oath of office. The new president fired the acting attorney general, Sally Yates, last week after the Obama holdover announced that she would not defend his executive order banning entry to the United States from seven Muslim-majority countries. 
The outgoing Republican senator also leaves a Senate ferociously divided as it continues through a series of bruising, partisan confirmation fights over Trump’s nominees. Democrats are planning on keeping the chamber in session through Saturday and dragging out the debate on the nominations of Tom Price to be health and human services secretary and Steven Mnuchin to be secretary of the treasury. Both are expected to be confirmed on party lines.
Sessions gave a conciliatory speech from the floor after his vote where he expressed his hope for reduced tensions and more civil debate after the hard-fought battle over his nomination. He amplified this on his way out, expressing his appreciation for “the friendship of my colleagues, even those who, many of them, didn’t feel able to vote for me. They were cordial, so we’ve continued to have good relations.”
The one Democrat to vote for Sessions, Joe Manchin of West Virginia, explained his decision to reporters after the vote. “You know, in West Virginia, we basically build on a relationship if we have a relationship, and Jeff Sessions and I have had a relationship for over six years. And everything he was accused of, I’ve never seen, so I am basing on what my knowledge of Jeff Sessions is and I think he’ll be fair and very deliberate in what he does [as attorney general].” 
Manchin, who threw Sessions a thumbs-up on Wednesday night as he headed to place his vote, added that he was confident that when he addressed his constituents, “I can explain my relationship with Jeff Sessions and I’m proud to vote for him.”
Sessions’ confirmation leaves his Senate seat vacant. Once Sessions formally resigns later Wednesday night, Alabama governor Robert Bentley will appoint his successor, who will run in a special election in 2018 for the remainder of Sessions’ term. 
The favorite is state attorney general Luther Strange, who is currently investigating Bentley’s relationship with a former aide, with whom he allegedly had an extramarital affair. By appointing Strange to the Senate seat, Bentley would delay the investigation into his conduct and be responsible for appointing Strange’s replacement. 
Once Sessions leaves the Senate and until his replacement is appointed, the GOP will be left with a 51-seat majority as they vote on Trump’s remaining nominees, many of whom are controversial in their own right.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump will not release his tax returns even after repeated promises to do so following a supposed audit, one of his senior advisers said on Sunday – confirming that the president will break a 40-year tradition and not show Americans the extent of his financial interests and obligations.
Kellyanne Conway, a senior counselor to the president, told ABC’s This Week the Trump administration would do nothing about calls to release the information.
“The White House response is that he’s not going to release his tax returns,” she said. “We litigated this all through the election.”
The broken promise alienated WikiLeaks, which for months during the campaign released hacked Democratic emails; Trump often seized on them to denigrate his opponent, Hillary Clinton.
On Sunday, the group tweeted: “Trump’s breach of promise over the release of his tax returns is even more gratuitous than Clinton concealing her Goldman Sachs transcripts.”
The organization then asked for someone to give it the tax returns so they could be published.
Speaking to ABC, Conway contradicted polls that show most Americans want to see the returns when she said: “People didn’t care. 
“They voted for him, and let me make this very clear: most Americans … are very focused on what their tax returns will look like while President Trump is in office, not what his look like.”
Last week a Washington Post-ABC poll showed that 74% of Americans, including 53% of Republicans, want to see Trump’s returns. In October a  CNN poll found that 73% of registered voters, including 49% of Republicans, wanted to see the tax returns. 
A petition on the White House website that calls for the immediate release of the returns and “all information needed to verify emoluments clause compliance” had 218,465 signatures as of Sunday afternoon. 
The returns could show the breadth of Trump’s financial interests around the world, including where he does business, who his partners are and to whom he owes money. 
Ethics experts fear Trump’s business liabilities could affect White House policy and how the president spends taxpayer dollars – for instance, how he may deal with banks that own hundreds of millions of his debt, treat foreign nations that curry favor or become real estate partners, or reshape domestic policy to accommodate his interests.
Earlier this month, Trump repeated his campaign contention that he would not release the returns because “they’re under audit”. No law prohibits the release of tax returns during an audit; Trump’s lawyers have said he is under audit, but they have not provided any proof that he actually is. The IRS has repeatedly declined to comment on the audit status of any single citizen.
During the campaign, Trump repeatedly promised to release his tax returns after the supposed audit. In May, for instance, he said: “As soon as the audit ends I’ll release my returns.” He also tweeted: “I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!”
In October, Trump’s 1995 tax returns were published by the New York Times, which acquired the records through an anonymous source and verified them with the businessman’s former accountant. 
The returns showed that Trump lost $916m in a single year and could have avoided paying federal taxes for 18 years, a charge he did not deny.
Conway also insisted that Trump and his family “are complying with all the ethical rules, everything they need to do to step away from his businesses and be a full-time president”.
There is no record that Trump has stepped away from any of his businesses, which owe hundreds of millions in debts to large banks, span across the US, Europe and Asia, and which may have already put him in violation of the constitution’s prohibition against payments from foreign governments. 
In a press conference earlier this month, aides refused to let reporters see documents that allegedly catalogued his efforts to separate himself from his businesses. 
Trump has refused to divest or set up a blind trust, instead saying without evidence that he has handed control of his companies to his two adult sons. Ethics attorneys have repeatedly said Trump has not taken effective steps to prevent conflicts of interest.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump has laid the groundwork for potentially deporting millions of undocumented immigrants by issuing new guidance that drastically broadens the ways in which federal immigration laws should be enforced.
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) unveiled two memos on Tuesday detailing wide-ranging directives focused on both interior enforcement and cracking down on security along the US-Mexico border. 
The memorandums would enable federal authorities to more aggressively detain undocumented immigrants, expand the pool of immigrants prioritized for removal from the country, and restrict asylum claims by migrants.
The memos set out that any immigrant living in the US illegally who has been charged or convicted of any crime – and even those suspected of a crime – will now be an enforcement priority. That could include people arrested for shoplifting or minor traffic offenses.
“The surge of immigration at the southern border has overwhelmed federal agencies and resources and has created a significant national security vulnerability to the United States,” the DHS secretary, John Kelly, states in the guidelines.
The new policies call for the hiring of thousands of additional federal agents, enlisting local law enforcement to expedite arrests, and deploying more immigration judges.
One of the documents released on Tuesday appears to be the final form of a draft memo that was leaked to the Associated Press last week. The draft included other extreme measures, including an instruction to mobilize national guard troops to assist with deportations, but this was not included in the final instruction. Although the White House last week denied this draft was an official document, the DHS memos released on Tuesday contained identical phrases to those in the leaked draft.
The White House denied the new guidance was intended to produce mass roundups or deportations, even though Trump vowed on the campaign trail to create a deportation force and frequently spoke of removing the roughly 11 million undocumented immigrants living in the US.
“We don’t need a sense of panic in the communities,” a DHS official said in a conference call with reporters, according to the Washington Post. “We do not have the personnel, time or resources to go into communities and round up people and do all kinds of mass throwing folks on buses. That’s entirely a figment of folks’ imagination. This is not intended to produce mass roundups, mass deportations.”
The official added: “The president has been very clear on this issue that he wants to focus on criminals and convicted individuals and folks who pose public safety threats.”
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, echoed the official’s view that the guidelines would not result in mass deportations.
The memos, he told reporters on Tuesday, were about “prioritizing the people who are here who represent a threat to public safety or have a criminal record”.
“That’s it, plain and simple.”
But the memos provide Immigrations and Customs Enforcement (Ice) agents with the ability to effectively target any undocumented migrant who has either been convicted of any sort of crime, has simply been accused of a crime, has carried out minor fraud or is, in the assessment of an Ice officer, “a risk to public safety”. This expansion of deportation priorities is at odds with the Obama administration’s policy, which commenced in 2014, of targeting the removal only of those convicted of serious crimes.
The memo also instructs the department to restore partnerships with local and state law enforcement bodies that would allow them to carry out federal immigration enforcement themselves. These controversial agreements were phased out by the Obama administration after widespread criticism that they encouraged discriminatory policing, wasted local resources and had little effect in apprehending violent criminals. 
The department will now be allowed to target any undocumented immigrant who has been in the country up to two years for “expedited removal” – meaning a removal that does not need to be authorized by the court. Under the Obama administration, such removals were only to be applied to those in the country for up to two weeks and who had been apprehended within 100 miles of the US border. 
Grace Meng, a senior researcher at Human Rights Watch, argued this move in particular signaled “a desire to put the actions of immigration enforcement agents beyond the basic protections of due process”.
The guidance does, however, leave in place two of Barack Obama’s executive orders with respect to immigration: the 2012 policy known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or Daca, which sought to protect so-called “Dreamers” who were brought to the US as children from the threat of deportation; and another order made in 2014, which has been held up in courts but allowed millions of parents of US citizens or permanent resident children to stay in the country despite entering illegally.
Trump told NBC News on Tuesday his administration would “try and take care of the Dreamers very, very much”, but did not elaborate further on his plans.
Immigration advocates said Daca recipients could still be targeted by the new guidelines, given their broad scope.
The memorandum also seeks to stem the surge of unaccompanied minors fleeing violence in Mexico and Central America over the last three years. Under Trump’s new policy, parents found to have paid smugglers to bring their children across the border would be subject to prosecution. Thousands of those children would also no longer be protected from deportation.
Kelly’s memo also describes plans to enforce a longstanding but obscure provision of the US Immigration and Nationality Act that allows the government to send some people caught illegally crossing the Mexican border back to Mexico, regardless of where they are from. 
Some advocates suggested the new directives would result in prompt legal action. “These memos confirm that the Trump administration is willing to trample on due process, human decency, the wellbeing of our communities, and even protections for vulnerable children, in pursuit of a hyper-aggressive mass deportation policy,” said Omar Jadwat, director of the ACLU’s immigrants’ rights project.
“However, President Trump does not have the last word here – the courts and the public will not allow this un-American dream to become reality.”
Despite the Trump administration’s emphasis on the criminal records of undocumented immigrants, studies have found that immigrants are significantly less likely to commit crimes than individuals born in the US. Analyses of US census data since 1980 concluded that immigrant males aged 18 to 39 were incarcerated at rates of one-fifth that of natives, with the gap widening each decade.
But Trump, while seeking to capitalize on anti-immigrant sentiments among a faction of the American electorate, has routinely exaggerated the frequency of violent crimes committed by undocumented immigrants. He infamously launched his presidential campaign in June of 2015 by falsely declaring of Mexican immigrants: “They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.”
Earlier on Tuesday, Trump pledged to unite “a divided country” after making his first visit to the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington.
The president was accompanied by Ben Carson, the retired neurosurgeon and former presidential candidate nominated by Trump to serve as his housing secretary, as well as South Carolina senator Tim Scott, who in 2014 became the first African American elected to the Senate from the south since Reconstruction.
Trump dubbed the one-hour tour of the museum, which opened last September amid great fanfare, “a meaningful reminder of why we have to fight bigotry and hatred and intolerance”. At the same time, he used his remarks to praise his victory in the South Carolina Republican primary last March by “double, double, double digits”.
Trump also addressed recent threats targeting Jewish community centers across the US, following on the heels of criticism by both Jewish groups and Democrats over his refusal to explicitly condemn antisemitism.
“I think it’s terrible, I think it’s horrible, whether it’s antisemitism or racism or anything you want to think about having to do with the divide,” Trump said in an interview with NBC News.
“And you don’t know where it’s coming from but I certainly hope they catch the people,” he added. “But I will tell you that antisemitism is horrible and it’s going to stop and it has to stop.”
He added: “The antisemitic threats targeting our Jewish community and community centres are horrible and are a painful and a very sad reminder of the work that still must be done to root out hate and prejudice and evil.”
Trump insisted he has condemned antisemitism whenever given the chance. But his White House stirred controversy last month for issuing a statement on Holocaust Remembrance Day that omitted any mention of Jews or antisemitism – and for defending its action by stating many other victims had also suffered and died in the Holocaust.
Last week, when the president was asked about antisemitism by a Jewish reporter, he dismissed the question as unfair and “insulting”.
“Number one, I am the least antisemitic person that you’ve ever seen in your entire life,” he said. “Number two, racism, the least racist person.”
Asked about anti-Jewish attacks during a press conference with the Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, Trump talked about his electoral college victory before saying he would do everything he could to stop “long-simmering racism and every other thing that’s going on” and drawing attention to Jewish members of his family.
Steven Goldstein of the Anne Frank Center criticized Trump’s remarks on Tuesday as “too little, too late”. 
“His statement today is a pathetic asterisk of condescension after weeks in which he and his staff have committed grotesque acts and omissions reflecting antisemitism, yet day after day have refused to apologize and correct the record,” Goldstein said. “Make no mistake: the antisemitism coming out of this administration is the worst we have ever seen from any administration.”
Spicer told reporters he wished the Ann Frank Center had instead “praised the president for his leadership in this area”.
“I think it’s ironic that no matter how many times he talks about this that it’s never good enough,” Spicer said at his daily press briefing. 
“Today I think was an unbelievably forceful comment by the president as far as his denunciation of the actions that are currently targeted towards Jewish community centers. But I think that he has been very clear previous to this that he wants to be someone that brings this country together and not divide people, especially in those areas.”
 

 

 




ARTICLE
The Chicago board of ethics has voted to fine a former aide to former president Barack Obama $90,000 for illegally lobbying Chicago’s mayor on behalf of Uber. 
 The Chicago Tribune reports the board found David Plouffe violated city ethics rules when he failed to register as a lobbyist after contacting Mayor Rahm Emanuel. Plouffe was trying to help the ride-hailing company with regulations for picking up travelers at Chicago airports. 
The board fined Uber $2,000 for hiring a lobbyist who violates the city’s lobbying laws.
 Plouffe and Uber did not immediately respond to emails seeking comment on the fine. 
 The ethics board says Plouffe and Uber argued that he should only be subject to a $1,000 fine. The board said a $1,000 fine would encourage unregistered lobbying activity. 



ARTICLE
As the Trump administration prepared to challenge a ruling against its executive order on refugees and travel from seven Muslim-majority countries, experts said the US had been brought to the brink of a full-blown constitutional crisis.
“This is an epic confrontation between the presidency and the constitution,” says Marci Hamilton, a constitutional lawyer and scholar of religion at the University of Pennsylvania. 
“The moment Donald Trump suggests anyone disobey the federal court order then we will be in a constitutional crisis.”
The ruling was made on Friday night in Seattle by federal judge James Robart. On Saturday, the president attacked Robart on Twitter, calling him a “so-called judge” and saying his opinion was “ridiculous and will be overturned”.
Only the fact that the Department of Justice did not file for an emergency stay on Friday night kept a constitutional crisis from developing, Hamilton said. It began the process on Saturday evening but for now, following chaos at airports last weekend, the doors to the US are once again open to vetted refugees and people with valid papers from the seven predominantly Muslim countries named in Trump’s executive order.
Robart sided with Washington state and Minnesota and declared the entire travel ban unconstitutional. Other states are also suing the government but Washington attorney general Bob Ferguson argued the widest case: that the Trump order violated the guarantee of equal protection and the first amendment’s establishment clause, infringed the constitutional right to due process and contravened the federal Immigration and Nationality Act.
Washington state and others can now be expected to go to the next level, Hamilton said, in an attempt to turn the temporary restraining order won in Seattle into a more powerful preliminary injunction and, ultimately, a permanent injunction. Fierce counter arguments from the DoJ can be expected, with potential for a trial.
“Then you are up to the level of the court of appeals and the supreme court of the United States,” Hamilton said.
Observers were stunned by the apparent lack of legal groundwork done by the White House aides – reportedly senior counsel Steve Bannon and policy chief Steven Miller – who wrote Trump’s executive order, thereby producing a lack of clarity which contributed to chaos at airports and rulings against the administration. 
Trump has argued that he must keep the nation safe from terrorists, and that the White House has huge power in matters of national security.
A clue to the president’s vulnerability, Hamilton said, lies in the White House’s intention to seek an emergency stay – but not immediately.
“A president can override the constitution with emergency powers if there is, in fact, an emergency,” she said. “But that means a lot more than the potential that a few people might arrive over here from certain countries. 
“The 11 September 2001 terrorist attack was an emergency – the president then unilaterally shut down airports and air travel and people couldn’t get into the US for a while.
“[Trump] hasn’t produced evidence about terrorists from these countries trying to enter America. The CIA tracks terrorists all the time, there’s a system for that. And the fact that he is willing to wait … before pursuing an emergency stay again makes you ask what kind of ‘emergency’ is he talking about?”
Patrick Leahy, the ranking Democrat on the Senate judiciary committee, said in a statement on Saturday that Trump seemed intent on precipitating a constitutional crisis.
“The president’s hostility toward the rule of law is not just embarrassing, it’s dangerous,” Leahy said, calling the travel ban an “arbitrary and shameful” attempt to discriminate against Muslims.
The ban blocked nationals or non-US dual-nationals from Iran, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Somalia, Libya and Sudan from entering the US, including permanent residents and those on valid visas, and barred all refugees for 120 days and Syrian refugees indefinitely.
The temporary restraining order (TRO) emanating from Washington will be in effect for 14 days, if a court does not grant the government’s expected request for an emergency stay. The DoJ cannot typically appeal to a court to overturn a TRO. If a TRO is turned into a preliminary injunction, it can.
“We are in uncharted territory,” said Paul Hughes, an immigration lawyer with Washington firm Mayer Brown.
Hughes is acting pro bono and as co-counsel with the Legal Aid Justice Center in the case of Tareq and Ammar Aziz, two Yemeni brothers who were deported from the US last weekend, having arrived at Dulles airport in Virginia. They had been en route to join their father in Michigan but were coerced, their suit claims, into relinquishing their green cards.
As a result of legal challenges, Hughes said, the brothers are due back in the US soon. The state of Virginia last week joined the brothers as plaintiffs in a suit filed against the president.
At a hearing on Friday in federal court in Alexandria, judge Leonie Brinkema said the executive order had caused chaos. She also sent a warning to Trump.
“There’s no question the president of the United States has almost – almost – unfettered power over foreign policy and border issues,” she said. 
“But this is not ‘no limit’.”



ARTICLE
Vice-President Mike Pence has criticized the Associated Press for listing his wife’s email address in a story about his frequent resistance to public records requests while Indiana’s governor.
In a tweet on Saturday, Pence said that by publishing the personal AOL address of his wife, Karen, the AP “violated her privacy and our security”. The vice-president posted a letter his counsel sent to Gary Pruitt, the AP’s president and chief executive, and said the AP “owes my wife an apology”.
Governor Pence’s use of an AOL email account for official business was first reported by the Indianapolis Star on Thursday. It said Pence used the account, which was hacked last summer, to discuss sensitive matters and homeland security issues.
The news met with national interest, given the focus by Republicans and the media during the presidential election last year on Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server while she was secretary of state.
The Democratic nominee reportedly said she blamed actions by the FBI director, James Comey, around an investigation into her email for her defeat by Donald Trump. This weekend, a picture of Clinton looking at a USA Today headline about Pence’s use of private email went viral on social media.
On Friday, the AP reported that the Pences had used their AOL accounts to conduct official business since at least 2013.
Pence said he had complied with state laws in his use of the email account, and had an outside attorney review his private email records and archive those related to state business.
Lauren Easton, the AP’s director of media relations, said in a statement: “AP removed [Karen Pence’s] email address from subsequent stories after learning Mrs Pence still used the account. The AP stands by its story, which addresses important transparency issues.”



ARTICLE
Less than two weeks after a stone-faced Paul Ryan admitted defeat and declared the Affordable Care Act the “law of the land” for the “foreseeable future”, his ill-fated healthcare plan began to show sparks of life.
Hopes of reviving the Republicans’ failed healthcare plan surged briefly on Tuesday when the vice-president, Mike Pence, came to Capitol Hill in an attempt to forge a new compromise that could somehow pass the House of Representatives.
But the late night talks between Pence and members of competing factions of the House Republican caucus stalled and no deal was reached. A hoped-for repeal of the Affordable Care Act (ACA), also known as Obamacare, returned to the grave and recriminations began anew on Capitol Hill.
Chris Collins, a moderate Trump ally from New York, said resignedly that the ball was in the court of the Freedom Caucus, a coalition of arch-conservative legislators who didn’t support the initial Republican healthcare proposal. “We built them a bridge,” said Collins. “All they have to do is walk across.” He added, simply: “The problem is with the Freedom Caucus.”
To Collins, this faction within the House GOP had been not been straightforward in negotiating over healthcare in recent days. “Indications … were on Monday that they wanted to get to yes,” said Collins. “Actions speak louder than words and over the past few days, actions would indicate that those words would not have been sincere.” 
In his opinion, the Freedom Caucus kept on “moving the goal posts”.
Conservatives returned fire. Mo Brooks of Alabama, a member of the Freedom Caucus, noted that House Republicans had voted to totally replace the ACA in 2015 and reluctance to do anything less than that represented a flip-flop. In Brooks’s opinion, those who wanted to preserve parts of the ACA had “not only moved the goalposts, they’ve taken out the stadium, chopped ’em up and burned them”.
On Wednesday, conservative groups lashed out at moderate Republicans, blaming them for derailing the latest attempt to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
Dan Holler, the vice-president of Heritage Action, said conservatives had already “ceded a lot of ground” on fully repealing the healthcare law.
“We’re looking at ways to get our message out,” Holler said in an interview Wednesday, hinting at the possibility of running advertisements in the districts of some moderates.
“The obvious hurdle in the negotiations to repeal and replace Obamacare – primarily, that is becoming the more moderate wing of the Republican party in the House.” 
This was echoed by David McIntosh, president of Club for Growth, who said in a statement: “The leftwing among House Republicans doesn’t want to compromise or keep their pledge to voters to repeal Obamacare.”
On Capitol Hill, moderates derided these statements as fundraising ploys. Collins told the Guardian: “The idea that Club for Growth and Heritage Action is blaming the Tuesday Group and moderates is nothing but a fundraising ploy.”
Conservatives remain focused on repealing the regulatory architecture of Obamacare, absent which they argue the fundamentals of the law will stay intact. An agreement, Holler said, was contingent upon “moderate members doing the things they’ve promised their constituents they would do”.
Moderate Republicans have meanwhile balked at the prospect of weakening protections for individuals with pre-existing conditions and enabling insurers to opt out of “essential health benefits” such as maternity care, mental health and substance abuse treatment and emergency services.
During a briefing with reporters on Wednesday, the White House legislative affairs director, Marc Short, said there was no set timetable for a new replacement bill but said he was optimistic that Republicans from different wings of the party were finally speaking to each other.
“Last night, when we had members of the Freedom Caucus and the Tuesday Group and the RSC in the same room talking through the same issues,” said Short, who is close to Pence and once led Freedom Partners, a key cog in the billionaire Koch brothers’ network, “we feel like that is progress.”
Mark Meadows, the chair of the Freedom Caucus, still claimed there was a path to a bill passing this week, before Congress goes on its Easter recess, telling reporters: “I am still optimistic that everybody is working in good faith and hopefully it will happen this week.” However, he noted: “It’s important to set realistic expectations that passing a bill between now and Friday is still a Herculean task.” 
Most other members wrote off the chances of any progress on healthcare reform in the near future. Chris Collins said healthcare was “in trouble” and added: “I don’t really think two weeks at home is going to change anything.”
And even the ever-sunny Meadows was willing to concede that things were not looking ideal.
“Whenever you get close to a deal, negotiations have [three] phases: it’s called fatal, near-fatal, and definitely fatal,” Meadows said with a smile. “We’re in the fatal to near-fatal mode. It’s not definitely fatal for at least another 48 hours.”



ARTICLE
As the chaos and protests at airports around the US gathered steam on Sunday after President Donald Trump’s startling travel ban on people coming to America from seven majority-Muslim countries, the White House had a lighter listing on its official schedule: a screening of Finding Dory at the White House family theater from 3pm.
As the film’s co-star Albert Brooks pointed out, the choice of the film – believed to be the president’s first official screening since his inauguration – comes with layers of irony. After Trump’s executive order, green card holders, visa holders and pre-approved refugees from countries in the Middle East and north Africa were detained at airports or pulled off airplanes around the world. 
“Odd that Trump is watching Finding Dory today, a movie about reuniting with family when he’s preventing it in real life,” Brooks tweeted.
A sequel to Finding Nemo, the Disney Pixar film follows Dory – a blue tang fish with short-term memory loss, voiced by Ellen DeGeneres – on her journey from the Great Barrier Reef to a marine life institute in California to reunite with her long-lost parents.
DeGegeneres did not refer to the Finding Dory screening, but was tweeting her opposition to the travel ban at about the same time as Brooks on Sunday.
“America is great because of all the people who came here,” she said. “Not in spite of them.”
Other Twitter users also drew attention to the irony of the film selection, with one posting: “Trump is screening Finding Dory today: the story of a foreigner entering the US without authorization to reunite with her parents #irony”.
Finding Dory is awash in themes of environmental conservation – an odd choice for a president who denies the existence of climate change and has claimed global warming is a hoax. In the movie, Dory swims through the beleaguered Great Barrier Reef to return to her childhood home: a habitat which rehabilitates marine life damaged by, among other things, the effects of climate change and pollution.
The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, clarified on Twitter that while the Finding Dory screening had gone ahead on Sunday, Trump wasn’t watching. “Actually he spent 60 seconds welcoming and thanking spouses and children of White House staff then right back to work,” he said.
On Wednesday DeGeneres issued a slight jab at Trump in the opening monologue of her daytime talk show.
“Unfortunately, Finding Dory did not get nominated [for an Oscar],” she said. “According to alternative facts, it did,” she joked, referring to the term used by the senior White House aide Kellyanne Conway while defending Spicer’s false claims of the turnout at Trump’s inauguration.



ARTICLE
Gay rights advocates are sounding the alarm over what they say is a quiet campaign being waged by Donald Trump’s administration to chip away at hard-fought protections for LGBT Americans.
While the White House has insisted Trump is a vocal supporter of the LGBT community, breaking from previous Republican presidents, advocacy groups were left questioning that commitment following a series of recent actions dubbed by one gay rights lawyer as “death by a thousand cuts”.
The latest missive arrived on Wednesday, when the US Census Bureau said a proposal to count LGBT Americans in its 2020 report and annual survey had been a mistake. The agency said it had “inadvertently listed sexual orientation and gender identity as a proposed topic”. Last week, the Trump administration deleted questions on sexual orientation from at least two other government surveys.
Chad Griffin, the president of the Human Rights Campaign (HRC), said the move was a deliberate effort by the Trump administration “to erase LGBTQ people from federal data used to inform budgets and policies across the government”.
“Their intent is clear,” Griffin said in a statement. “By denying we exist, the Trump administration hopes to deny us equality. It won’t work.” 
The HRC said it had submitted a Freedom of Information Act request to the Department of Commerce in response to find out who directed the change at the Census Bureau and why.
Separately, Trump signed into law on Monday a bill overturning a Barack Obama executive order that required companies seeking contracts with the federal government to show compliance with federal anti-discrimination laws. 
Obama’s so-called “Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces” order sought to shield workers from violations of a range of labor and safety laws, not just those affecting LGBT individuals. But it was rolled out in tandem with another Obama-era executive action that barred discrimination against federal workers specifically on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity.
Sharon McGowan, the director of strategy at Lambda Legal, the country’s oldest and largest LGBT legal organization, said the Trump administration was sending a signal that non-discrimination was not at the forefront of its approach.
“They are going to try and chip and erode away the rights we’ve seen over the last few years, but in these back-channel ways that may not be as obvious,” she said.
“It puts us in the dark about how [workplace] violations are affecting LGBT people,” said Laura Durso, the vice-president of the LGBT Research and Communications Project at the left-leaning Center for American Progress.
Republicans who led efforts to overturn Obama’s action deemed it unnecessarily burdensome on businesses.
But David Stacy, HRC’s government affairs director, said the action would render it more difficult for the Department of Labor to hold accountable federal contractors for prior violations of civil rights laws, including those against LGBT employees.
“It signals that the administration could continue to repeal Obama-era policies aimed at protecting LGBTQ people,” Stacy said.
On the surface, Trump has taken credit for being the first Republican presidential nominee to profess his support for LGBT Americans. The White House touted his position earlier this year, when it issued a statement confirming he would not rescind Obama’s executive order banning LGBT discrimination in the workplace.
But that pledge was born from draft executive orders leaked to the media indicating the administration had, in fact, weighed not simply reversing Obama’s protections but also unraveling other LGBT rights at the federal level. 
Advocates thus remain skeptical of the Trump administration’s posturing on the issue and saw some of their fears realized when the president lifted Obama-era guidance protecting the use of bathrooms by transgender students. 
Since then, gay rights supporters argue, the Trump administration has taken active measures behind the scenes that undermine the LGBT community.
Last week, the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) eliminated questions that were designed to compile information about LGBT seniors. Roger Severino, the Trump-appointed chief of the HHS Office of Civil Rights, has been a forceful opponent of transgender rights in particular and other Obama efforts to protect LGBT people.
Earlier this month, the Department of Housing and Urban Development declared it would withdraw two agency notices geared toward protecting LGBT people experiencing homelessness. And on 13 March, the state department included in its official US delegation to the United Nations’ 61st annual Commission on the Status of Women conference two anti-LGBT human rights activists.
“It’s a playbook that we have seen before, which is love the sinner, hate the sin,” said Durso of the Trump administration’s public relations strategy on LGBT issues. “They get to talk out of both sides of their mouth.”
Nancy Pelosi, the House Democratic leader, joined the criticism on Wednesday in a statement decrying the Census Bureau’s decision.
“Today, the Trump administration has decided that LGBT Americans shouldn’t count,” she said, while noting the trend across agencies with respect to gathering information about LGBT people. 
By excluding LGBT-specific data collection in the 2020 Census, the Trump administration showed it did not even want to have the information needed to act in the best interest of countless American families, she said.  McGowan said the collective consequences of the Trump administration’s actions would be felt for years. The Census Bureau’s decision on Wednesday, she said, would have especially dramatic consequences for identifying communities that were at risk and in need of health funding or social services protection.
“We are seeing this broader trend of erasing and eliminating any consideration of the needs of LGBT people in this administration,” she said.
“We are starting to see what the death by a thousand cuts looks like.”



ARTICLE
Fifteen players of a Tibetan women’s soccer team have been refused US visas as guests of a Texas tournament, raising questions about what policy Donald Trump will take toward the contested region.
The team, Tibet Women’s Soccer, had planned to take part in this spring’s Dallas Cup tournament for young players, and was invited by organizers to stay with local players in the tradition of several previous diversity programs, including a Catholic-Protestant team from Ireland and a Muslim-Jewish team from Israel.
On Friday, however, the players were told by US embassy officials in Delhi that they did not merit permission to take the 10-day trip.
“What they said is we don’t have strong reasons to go to Dallas,” said Jamyang Chotso, a team captain. “But I think this is not the reason for them to reject us. [We] think the reason is they think we might run away when we reach there.”
“For a footballer, football is not just a game,” she added. “Through football I can represent my country and through football I can inspire our girls.”
Most of the players were about 18 to 20 years old, said Cassie Childers, the team’s coach. India does not recognize the players as refugees from Tibet, she said, but as legal residents of India; four players are Nepali citizens.
Childers said that the team’s invitation to the tournament was “a dream come true” for the players, and their trip to the embassy was the culmination of weeks of paperwork, international flights and travel around India. Dallas Cup organizers had helped prepare a schedule of events and training, Childers met with consular officials in Washington DC, and four players had tense, inconclusive visa interviews in Kathmandu for the price of $160 an application.
Finally, the bulk of the team made it to Delhi, taking leave from schools and jobs, for the embassy interviews. Each one was rejected. 
Yangdan Lhamo, one of the players, said she never thought the US would reject the team. “USA is one of the most famous countries in the world, an educated country, but they do so much to help uneducated people,” she said. “I feel very upset the USA rejected us.”
Lhamo and Chotso both said they still hoped to play in the US. “We really, really want to fulfill our dream. I still want to go,” Chotso said. 
Lhamo added: “I still want to play there, because this is our only chance to represent our country in the greatest country on Earth.”
Childers said the experience left her feeling “disgusted” and “ashamed of my country”, noting that it cost the team $3,520 – half its yearly budget – plus travel expenses simply to apply. “They weren’t trying to immigrate,” she said. “They were trying to play soccer.”
The state department said it could not comment on individual visa applications, and did not immediately have a response about the White House’s policy toward Tibet, where Beijing quashed an uprising in 1959 and spent decades stifling the growth of Tibetan Buddhism and movements toward independence. 
Barack Obama repeatedly angered Chinese officials by meeting with the Dalai Lama, whom Beijing has accused of fomenting violence. Trump similarly angered the Chinese government by having a phone call with the president of Taiwan, another region of contested sovereignty, though the president later accepted the “One China” policy.
Citing their experiences going into exile, Childers said that the women and girls on the team had survived worse tragedies, including separations from family, childhood journeys across mountains dressed only in ragged clothing, and growing up in a society dominated by men. But the rejection for a symbolic soccer tournament, she said, “is still kind of a tragedy for Tibet and for these players”.



ARTICLE
On the surface, Alexander Acosta, Donald Trump’s new pick for labor secretary, seems an unusual choice for a president who has gone out of his way to attack many of the things Acosta has defended.
The only son of Cuban immigrants, and the first Hispanic pick for a president who has gone out of his way to offend the Hispanic community, he is currently the dean of Florida International University College of Law. He serves on the Commission for Hispanic Rights and Responsibilities and was named one of the 50 most influential Hispanics by Hispanic Business Magazine.
More controversially still – for Trump – he has staunchly defended the rights of Muslim Americans, once asking the justice department to intervene on behalf of an Oklahoma teen who had been told to remove her headscarf at school. 
In 2011, speaking before a Senate judiciary committee on “Protecting the rights of American Muslims”, Acosta called the US a “nation built on principles of freedom, and high on the list of freedoms is freedom of religious expression. Indeed, as is well known to this Committee, this freedom pre-dates our Constitution.” He went on to criticize France for being too intolerant (the exact opposite view to his new boss) when it introduced a ban on “headscarves, kippahs, crosses and any other religious clothing or jewelry. Our government, by contrast, protected religious expression”, he said.
As US attorney for the southern district of Florida, Acosta went after disgraced Republican lobbyist Jack Abramoff, Swiss bank UBS for aiding tax evaders and a doctor accused of illegally prescribing painkillers. Acosta even worked on the National Labor Relations Board in 2002 and 2003 – suggesting he may actually know what the labor secretary is supposed to do: “promote and develop the welfare of working people, to improve their working conditions, and to advance their opportunities for profitable employment”. 
But liberals wondering if Trump has changed tack dramatically after the disastrous fall of his former pick fast-food CEO Andrew Puzder, shouldn’t get too excited. The Harvard graduate clerked for supreme court justice Samuel Alito, arguably the most consistently conservative justice on the current court. 
In 2004, while serving as assistant attorney general for the civil rights division of the Department of Justice, Acosta notified a federal judge that the justice department had no problem with Republican plans to post thousands of partisan challengers at polling stations ahead of the election. “It is totally unusual, it is unprecedented for the justice department to offer its opinions on the merits of a case like that,” Al Gerhardstein, a lawyer representing two civil rights activists who wanted the poll watchers banned, said at the time. “This is the civil rights division saying it is OK for voters to be ambushed when they reach for a ballot. That’s how the letter reads to me.”
Scrutiny of the 47-year-old has only just begun. And as Puzder found, skeletons in appointees’ closets soon start rattling once the nomination process begins. The fast-food lobbyists who did so much to undo Puzder promised they would be watching closely. 
Aiesha Meadows McLaurin, a Burger King worker from Chicago and a member of the Fight for $15 minimum wage lobby, said: “Workers in the Fight for $15 just proved that when we stand together, even fast-food CEOs and presidents can’t ignore us. Working Americans need a labor secretary who will have our backs, not one who will hold us back. We look forward to learning more about Mr Acosta’s record as the confirmation process unfolds. If confirmed, we will hold Mr Acosta accountable as labor secretary and do whatever it takes to make sure that our voices are heard loud and clear in Washington. No matter who becomes labor secretary, we won’t back down for one second in our fight. We’ll keep taking to the streets, standing up and speaking out until we win $15 and union rights for all.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump basked in the praise of political allies and some pundits on Wednesday after delivering his first speech to Congress with a more measured tone than usual, and the promise of a “new chapter of American greatness”.
But Democrats warned against any step towards normalising a president who is anything but. Trump merely showed that he can read from a teleprompter without insulting someone, they argued, and was still guilty of making claims that were false, lacked detail or were as divisive as ever.
In a scene that was unthinkable a year ago, when Barack Obama was president and the celebrity businessman was just a political novice facing much hostility in his own party, Trump stood before senators and members of congress on Capitol Hill and was greeted with numerous cheers and standing ovations.
The tone was arguably Trump’s most muted yet, with the dark vision of “American carnage” in his inaugural address giving way to an optimistic theme of “American greatness” as the country nears its 250th birthday in 2026. 
“Dying industries will come roaring back to life,” he pledged. “Heroic veterans will get the care they so desperately need. Our military will be given the resources its brave warriors so richly deserve.
“Crumbling infrastructure will be replaced with new roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and railways gleaming across our very, very beautiful land. Our terrible drug epidemic will slow down and ultimately stop. And our neglected inner cities will see a rebirth of hope, safety, and opportunity. Above all else, we will keep our promises to the American people.”
Just as important was what he left out: no attacks on the media, no warmongering and no petty squabbles with celebrities. The man who once claimed that “I alone” can fix the broken system appealed to Democrats to “get together” with Republicans in a shared effort on everything from healthcare reform to an ambitious $1tn infrastructure programme.
There was positive reaction from major media organisations on Wednesday, with the New York Times saying: “Rising to the occasion, Mr Trump on Tuesday night sounded as presidential as he ever has since taking office.”
More predictably, Republicans joined in to hail a reset. Vice-President Mike Pence, who sat behind Trump on the dais, told MSNBC’s Morning Joe: “What the American people saw last night is the president that I serve with every day, broad shoulders, big heart, reaching out, focusing on the future.”
The House speaker, Paul Ryan, who sat alongside Pence on Tuesday, added: “That was a home run. President Trump delivered a bold, optimistic message to the American people ... This is a president who is serious about tackling our biggest challenges and improving people’s lives.”
The hour-long speech was primarily Trump’s own work, the White House said on Wednesday, adding that he had worked on it until around 6.15pm before delivering it just after 9pm. The president was seen practising the address in his car moments before entering the House chamber.
Asked about the noticeable shift in tone from the inaugural address, the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, said on Wednesday: “It was not on purpose ... One was laying out his vision for the presidency. This was laying out the policies for how he’s going to achieve that ... Each speech has a different audience, a different objective. This speech was very personal. It was very much him.
“This was a Trump speech, from his heart, that evolved over the last 10 days or so.”
But critics were quick to warn this was not a pivot. Trump stayed true to his populist vision of economic nationalism, promised tax breaks for the wealthy and reiterated his vow to build a wall on the Mexican border. In a marked shift from Obama, mention of climate change was out but use of the phrase “radical Islamic terrorism” was in, with evident relish, pausing after each word for dramatic effect, despite his own national security adviser reportedly advising against it.
There were also dubious claims. Trump said: “Right now, American companies are taxed at one of the highest rates anywhere in the world.” In fact, the US is not even in the 30 highest-taxed nations in the world, according to the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development.
There was audible dissent from Democrats when Trump derided Obama’s healthcare policy, claimed he was “draining the swamp” in Washington, called for an end to “trivial fights” – despite his regular Twitter spats – and said he was setting up a group to represent victims of crimes committed by immigrants.
Chuck Schumer, the Democratic minority leader, said on the Senate floor on Wednesday: “This president’s speech was detached from this president’s reality. The president, in this speech and in so many others, talks like a populist. He promises so many things.
“But when he governs, nothing like that at all. He’s favoring the very powerful special interests, making their lives easier and putting more burdens on the middle class and people trying to get to the middle class ... You can’t just talk the talk, Mr President, you have to walk the walk.”
Faiz Shakir, director of the American Civil Liberties Union, characterised Trump’s speech as “empty pablum”.
“Tonight, we heard more empty pablum from President Trump, completely divorced from the reality of harm he has inflicted on America’s most vulnerable communities. Trump’s speech did not address the grave human impact of his bankrupt policies, among them Sara Yarjani and Hameed Darweesh.”
Yarjani and Darweesh are both clients of the ACLU, affected by Trump’s travel ban: Yarjani, an Iranian graduate student, was detained for 23 hours and deported, while Darweesh, an Iraqi who worked for the US military as an interpreter, was detained at a New York airport for 18 hours before being released. 
A revised travel ban was expected to be announced on Wednesday, but the announcement was delayed to later this week by the administration after the address.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump will make his first address to Congress on Tuesday, outlining priorities including a big hike in military spending at the expense of foreign aid and environmental programmes.
In a scene that few imagined possible just a year ago, the brash billionaire will stand where many US presidents have stood before him on Capitol Hill, facing ranks of senators and congressmen, some of whom fiercely oppose him.
Democrats have not announced plans to boycott the address, as many did Trump’s inauguration, but some have pointedly invited guests including an Iraqi-American doctor, a Pakistani-born doctor and an American-born daughter of Palestinian refugees – each giving a human face to those affected by the president’s hardline policies.
But Trump starts with the benefit of Republicans controlling both the House and Senate and is likely to build on an inaugural address that called for an urgent break from the policies of Barack Obama. 
“The president will lay out an optimistic vision for the country,” White House press secretary Sean Spicer said. “The theme will be a renewal of the American spirit.”
Trump will promise “concrete steps”, Spicer said, and set out a “bold agenda” including tax reform, improving work conditions for working parents, healthcare reform, access to education, rebuilding the military and fulfilling commitments to veterans. 
“You will hear a lot about immigration tomorrow night and he will talk about why it matters,” Spicer said.
Trump will also have to make his case to Congress, which has the final say on his budget. On Monday the White House announced he will seek a $54bn hike in spending on tanks, ships and weapons systems while cutting foreign aid, environmental programmes and domestic agencies by the same amount. The US already spends more on the military than the next eight countries combined.
“This budget will be a public safety and national security budget,” Trump said at the White House. “It will include an historic increase in defence spending to rebuild the depleted military of the United States of America at a time we most need it.”
Trump said his budget would put “America first” – a phrase that originated with Nazi sympathisers who sought to keep the US out of the second world war – by focusing on defense, law enforcement and veterans, diverting money previously spent overseas. 
“We are going to do more with less and make the government lean and accountable to the people,” he said. “We can do so much more with the money we spend.”
Mick Mulvaney, director of the Office of Management and Budget, told reporters the full budget would not be ready until May but priorities would include rebuilding the military and restoring nuclear capabilities. Reductions in non-defence spending would be the biggest since the start of Ronald Reagan’s administration, he said.
Mulvaney cited foreign aid as a target for cutbacks. “You can expect to see exactly what the president said he was going to do,” he said. “When you see these reductions, you’ll be able to tie it back to a speech the president gave. We are taking his words and turning them into policies and dollars.”
In a conference call with reporters, two administration officials familiar with Trump’s proposal said the planned defence spending increase would be financed partly by “dollar-for-dollar cuts” to the Department of State, Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and other non-defence programmes.
Trump’s request for the Pentagon included more money for shipbuilding, military aircraft and establishing “a more robust presence in key international waterways and chokepoints” such as the Strait of Hormuz and South China Sea, one of the officials said. There will also be increases for the homeland security, intelligence and the justice department.
A second official said the state department’s budget could be cut by as much as 30%, which would force a major restructuring and the elimination of some programmes. The US currently spends about $50bn annually on the state department and foreign assistance.
The move was swiftly criticised. More than 120 retired US generals and admirals – including George Casey, former chief of staff of the US army, and David Petraeus, former CIA director and commander of troops in Iraq and Afghanistan – sent a letter to Congress, urging it fully fund US diplomacy and foreign aid.
“Elevating and strengthening diplomacy and development alongside defense are critical to keeping America safe,” they said. “We know from our service in uniform that many of the crises our nation faces do not have military solutions alone.”
Domestic agencies will also feel the pinch, with the EPA apparently a likely target. On Saturday its new administrator, Scott Pruitt, told conservative activists that climate change and water pollution regulations would be rolled back and they would be “justified” in believing the environmental regulator should be completely disbanded.
Trump’s chief strategist, Steve Bannon, said last week that one of key priorities of the White House was the “deconstruction of the administrative state”.
Democrats argue such moves will cut middle-class programmes to make way for huge tax cut for the wealthy.
Chuck Schumer, the minority leader in the Senate, said: “It is clear from this budget blueprint that President Trump fully intends to break his promises to working families by taking a meat ax to programs that benefit the middle class.
“A cut this steep almost certainly means cuts to agencies that protect consumers from Wall Street excess and protect clean air and water.
“Most Americans didn’t vote to ease up on polluters, or to give Wall Street the green light to rip them off. They certainly didn’t vote to make all these cuts so that President Trump can hand out a tax break to the wealthiest Americans.”
House minority leader Nancy Pelosi added: “President Trump’s budget blueprint is a prescription for America’s decline. Ransacking America’s investments in jobs and working families will make our nation weaker, not stronger. A $54bn cut will do far-reaching and long-lasting damage to our ability to meet the needs of the American people and win the jobs of the future.”
The president’s request must ultimately be decided by Congress and is likely to face fierce resistance from Democrats and some Republicans. Senate Democrats could use a filibuster to try to force a government shutdown. With tax cuts also in the pipeline, it is unclear how Trump plans to cut the national debt.
The White House was sending Trump’s proposal to federal departments on Monday as he prepared for budget haggling with Congress that often takes months. The administration will leave so-called “entitlements” such as social security and Medicare untouched for now, according to an administration official.
Asked about Trump’s promise of a massive infrastructure programme, the press secretary said it will not be part of the current budget discussion. “That would be a part of a longer-term discussion they would have in the Congress,” the official said.
Trump held meetings with state governors and health insurance company executives at the White House on Monday. “I have to tell you, it’s an unbelievably complex subject,” he said, about plans to repeal the Affordable Care Act. “Nobody knew that healthcare could be so complicated.”
As reporters were being led out of the room, one asked if a special prosecutor should investigate Trump’s ties with Russia. He did not respond immediately, but could then be heard saying: “I haven’t called Russia in 10 years.”
Later, Spicer rejected calls for a special prosecutor to examine the allegation swirling around members of Trump’s election campaign and whether they were in contact with Moscow last year. 
“My question would be a special prosecutor for what?” he said. “I think Russia’s involvement in activity has been investigated up and down. There comes a point, if there’s nothing further to investigate, what are you asking people to investigate?”
He added: “There’s nothing new that being reported. It’s the same stuff over and over and over again ... How many people have to say there’s nothing there before you say there’s nothing there?”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump is now effectively at war with undocumented migrants inside the US and those who attempt to cross the southern border without paperwork.
Advisers and analysts alike have long suggested that Trump ought to be taken “seriously but not literally”, but Wednesday’s two executive orders on immigration show that he is living up to the blustering rhetoric of the 2016 election trail.
It was a promise he made throughout an election campaign characterised by xenophobia, and one he has now underlined with a few flicks of the presidential pen. 
Attention focused upon Trump’s banner promise to erect a wall across an additional 1,200 miles of the US southern border – an order that will undoubtedly meet with stiff opposition when Congress is lobbied into funding the multibillion-dollar construction project that has, by Trump’s homeland security secretary’s own admission, limited effectiveness in deterring entry. There was also coverage of the aggressive declaration of intent to withdraw some funding to hundreds of sanctuary cities – those jurisdictions which offer protection to undocumented migrants – which will probably meet with vigorous legal opposition. However, Wednesday’s orders went further and carried instantaneous repercussions through dramatic immigration policy reversals that have been somewhat overlooked in the flurry of executive action.
The US will now mandatorily detain any migrant that is caught crossing the border without documentation. Doing away with the era of so-called catch and release that allowed immigration authorities greater freedom to release those claiming asylum ahead of proceedings in immigration court, the order paves the way for a huge expansion of detention facilities at the southern border and is likely to have devastating humanitarian effects.
Nearly 60,000 unaccompanied minors and close to 80,000 families were apprehended at the border in 2016, the vast majority of whom came from countries in Central America plagued by violence. 
Now these groups of migrants, who received a degree of flexibility under the Obama administration, will be kept in detention by order. 
Advocates routinely report substandard medical care and poorly managed basic facilities in these centres, many of which are operated by for-profit security companies. Coupled with this, the order instructs the US justice department to assign immigration judges, who are already in short supply and heavily overburdened, to these centres.
This in effect makes it far more difficult for these vulnerable migrants, many of whom are likely to have claims for asylum, to reach independent legal counsel and will mean many more are likely to face deportation – perhaps in violation of America’s legal obligations under the UN Refugee Convention. 
Trump’s orders also implement aggressive enforcement action inside the country, away from America’s borders. 
The president repeatedly claimed throughout the transition period he would deport between 2 million and 3 million undocumented migrants in the country who he claimed were serious criminals. That notion itself is a fallacy, as there are nowhere near that number of undocumented migrants with felony records in the US (researchers estimate the number is closer to 300,000). 
Indeed, elements of Trump’s second immigration order acknowledge that fantasy by essentially broadening the definition of serious criminality, giving Immigration and Customs Enforcement (Ice) agents a vast remit to target almost anyone within undocumented communities and perhaps even those holding visas as the order simply targets “removable aliens” – a broad, catchall term that could encompass non-citizens as well.
Not only will Ice agents be allowed to target immigrants with any sort of criminal conviction on their record whatsoever, from minor misdemeanours such as trespassing or vandalism to serious felonies, they will also be able to apprehend individuals who have simply been accused of crimes and subject to investigation. 
But the order goes broader even than that, allowing Ice officers the ability to target people they assess to be a “risk to public safety or national security”. The order offers no guidance at all on how such a broad definition could be applied, leaving it to the “judgment” of individual Ice agents.
Since 2014, the Obama administration had heavily cut back on deportations occurring within the interior of the country, implementing a program of “priority enforcement” that instructed Ice to focus on undocumented migrants picked up by local law enforcement and found to have serious felony convictions on their records. 
That short-lived era of discretion is now over. As Trump pledges to significantly bolster the ranks of Ice agents and border patrol officers, he will effectively control a small army of enforcers empowered by a remit that is both harsh and broad.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s second executive order banning travel from six majority-Muslim countries was slated to go into effect on Thursday at 12.01am EST. But in the hours before it was set to take effect, it was blocked.
Judges in two federal courts have temporarily stayed Trump’s second travel ban, marking a huge setback for the Trump administration. The rulings are the second time that courts have blocked a version of this executive order – the revised ban was issued after a first attempt was chaotically rolled out and blocked by a different federal court in Washington state. Trump’s second executive order was carefully reviewed and streamlined in an attempt to withstand similar legal challenges, but these rulings have laid waste to that vetting.
Nonetheless, both the rulings on the second order are temporary as the “merits” of the cases have not been fully argued yet. They have found that Trump’s order could “likely” violate the constitution, and blocked it from taking effect while they decide. 
This gives the government long routes for appeal, which Trump himself and the justice department have indicated they will pursue. But until a court rules otherwise, Trump’s order will remain blocked and  will not go into effect.
The Trump administration will unquestionably challenge the court orders in Maryland and Hawaii , but the department of justice has not yet said where, when, and how it will play its next card.
The “where” is significant as the administration is now effectively fighting nationwide rulings in different areas of the country, meaning there are avenues to challenge in one separate appeals circuit or in both. The “when” is also important as there are still a number of other similar challenges in front of other federal courts that have yet to be ruled on. The administration could wait to see if one of these cases results in a more favourable ruling for them, which would probably be cited during appeals to the existing orders. 
This leads to the “how”. It is probable that the administration will seek to quickly challenge the Hawaii order as it is the broadest of the two. It blocks two entire sections of the executive order that relate to refugee resettlement and visa issuances from six Muslim-majority countries, rather than just one clause of the order, as the Maryland judgment does.
This means the appeal will end up in the ninth circuit, the same court that upheld the order against Trump’s ban in a unanimous verdict last month. 
If a ruling in that court maintains the Hawaii order, Trump has indicated he would take the case “as far as it will go”. This means the supreme court, currently comprising only eight judges as Trump awaits confirmation of his pick for the ninth spot, Neil Gorsuch, a conservative. A split ruling there could be catastrophic for Trump as it will uphold any decision made in the appeals court. This means he may wait until Gorsuch is confirmed or pursue a full hearing in the ninth circuit instead. 
At a rally in Nashville on Wednesday evening Trump branded the Hawaii ruling as “unprecedented judicial overreach”. He went on to suggest he may “go back to the first one and go all the way”, a nod to reinstating the first executive order, which has already been blocked after it was chaotically ruled out in January. Such a move would lead to yet more chaos and would probably frame the administration in a state of complete disarray. 
Further, said Professor Carl Tobias, at the University of Richmond’s department of law, it could harm the administration’s legal appeals going forward. As a result, it seems unlikely Trump will follow through with this off-the-cuff remark. 
“His renewed attacks on judicial independence are troubling and do not help his case or respect the courts or separation of powers,” added Tobias. 
Yes. Judge Watson in Hawaii leaned heavily on past comments made by Trump on the campaign trail as evidence of the “religious animus” contained within the order. Watson also made reference to statements by administration officials after the first ban was blocked, which presented the second order as a continuation of the first.
Further, in an act some have described as self-sabotage, Trump last night described the second order as a “a watered-down version of the order that was blocked by another judge and should never have been blocked to start with”. Some legal scholars think these comments could remain crucial in showing Trump’s intent to engage in unconstitutional discrimination. 
But professor Jonathan Turley, a professor of law at the George Washington University, suggests that precedent may eventually favour the Trump administration if the case makes it to the supreme court.
But even that comes with caveats: “That is not to say that the administration cannot continue to deliver self-inflicted wounds,” Turley said. “The continued public comments cited by the court shows a lack of discipline. It is a problem when government officials are throwing red meat to audiences while government lawyers are talking like vegans to the courts.”
There are numerous other cases filed against Trump’s second order that vary in scope and some of which, confusingly, still target the first order. 
The most significant are two lawsuits filed in the state of Washington against the second ban. These are both presided over by district judge James Robart in Seattle, who issued the temporary restraining order against Trump’s first ban. In one case, a coalition of Democratic states have asked Robart to issue a temporary restraining order against Trump’s the new order, citing similar arguments to the Hawaii case. In the other, which was heard before Robart yesterday afternoon, a refugee advocacy group also made similar arguments. 
If Robart rules in favour of either of these two cases it will deal yet another blow to the administration. 
The Hawaii ruling was also not the first court decision to successfully challenge Trump’s second travel ban. A judge in Wisconsin ruled last Friday that the order could not be applied to members of a Syrian family seeking to reunite in the US. The ruling, again a temporary restraining order, only applied to the family and not to the entire order.



ARTICLE
In world capitals, at the United Nations and in military briefings, leaders spent the weekend trying to deduce what doctrine might lie behind the first direct attack by the US on the forces of Syrian president Bashar al-Assad. On Sunday, the White House articulated Donald Trump’s message: your move, world.
Three of Trump’s top officials delivered that message to the public, careful to sidestep the president’s long history of contradictory statements and his love of a “flexible” negotiating position. In doing so, they sketched a foreign policy as reactive and mutable as the commander-in-chief himself.
Trump’s national security adviser, Lt Gen HR McMaster, said Russia, as Assad’s most powerful ally, could now change the course of world events.
“Russia should ask themselves, ‘What are we doing here?’” McMaster said Sunday on Fox News. “‘Why are we supporting this murderous regime that is committing mass murder of its own population and using the most heinous weapons available?’”
In his first interview since replacing the retired general Michael Flynn, the president’s first national security adviser, who resigned over misleading the White House about his conversations with the Russian ambassador, McMaster said the US was still willing to make a rapprochement with the Kremlin, as Trump has suggested for months.
“Russia could be part of the solution,” McMaster said. “Do they want it to be a relationship of competition and potential conflict? I don’t see how that’s in Russian interests. Or do they want it to be a relationship in which we can find areas of cooperation that are in mutual interests?”
The relationship, he said, could be “whatever the Russians want it to be”.
McMaster also said, in a shift that aligned Trump with Barack Obama before him, the president believes a political solution in Syria is all but impossible if Assad remains in power.
“It’s very difficult to understand how a political solution results from a continuation of the Assad regime,” he said. “We’re not saying that we’re the ones to effect that change.”
The aim of the Tomahawk missile strike on a Syrian airbase on Thursday, McMaster said, was to deter another use of chemical weapons after Assad’s forces killed dozens of civilians, including children, with a sarin attack on Tuesday.
McMaster and Nikki Haley, the US ambassador to the UN, said on Sunday that Trump was ready to order American soldiers to attack again.
“He won’t stop here,” Haley told CNN’s State of the Union. “If he needs to do more, he will do more. What happens really depends on how everyone responds to what happens in Syria. The United States is going to continue to watch and be active and we’ll see what happens.”
Asked about her remark last month that the US no longer aimed primarily “to sit there and focus on getting Assad out”, Haley said the autocrat’s exit was one of several goals.
“Getting Assad out is not the only priority,” she said, listing the war on terrorist groups and pushing back Iranian influence as others. But she said the Syrian president’s fate had long ago been assured.
“There is no political solution with Assad at the lead,” she said. “That’s not something the United States has decided, it’s something the international community has decided.”
Allies including the UK, Saudi Arabia and Israel have cheered the strike, but the US would need at least Russia’s acquiescence, if not its outright help, to force Assad out of power.
The Obama administration failed to reach an agreement over six years of civil war in Syria, and this week the Kremlin showed few signs that it would abandon its partner. Its military promised to bolster Assad’s air defenses, its UN ambassador accused the US of violating international law on an invented pretext, and its prime minister bemoaned “completely ruined relations”.
On Sunday, the Kremlin said the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, and the Iranian president, Hassan Rouhani, had spoken by phone and agreed the US strike had violated international law.
In the first major diplomatic mission to Russia – and his first visit to the country as a public servant and not the head of the oil giant ExxonMobil – the US secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, will travel to Moscow this week, to look for middle ground. The British foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, has withdrawn from his planned visit in protest against Moscow’s support for Assad.
On Sunday, Tillerson said the US had no information to suggest Russia had actively taken part in the sarin attack on the town of Khan Sheikhun, in Idlib province, but also rejected Russian claims that no one knows who was responsible for it.
Tillerson said Russia bore guilt for the attack through its failure to act as guarantor to a 2013 deal to remove Syria’s chemical weapons supplies.
“Their failure has led to the killing of more children and innocents,” Tillerson told CBS’s Face the Nation. “Whether Russia was complicit here or whether they were simply incompetent or whether they got outwitted by the Bashar al-Assad regime,” he said, the Kremlin must answer for itself.
Tillerson said he did not expect a military response from Russia over the “very proportional” US strike. He also disputed reports that the Kremlin had cut off a hotline the two countries use to reduce accidental clashes between their forces.
Trump officials insisted the strike had a limited scope and intent, and was not a sign of mission creep into a battlefield where the US already has hundreds of special forces working with Kurdish groups and rebels. Republicans and Democrats have largely supported the strikes, though some hawks such as the Arizona senator and 2008 presidential candidate John McCain support even greater intervention.
Throughout his presidential campaign, Trump criticized US intervention in Iraq and Libya, although he personally supported action in 2002 and 2011. After Assad killed hundreds in a similar chemical weapons attack in 2013, Trump spent months urging Obama not to intervene, at one point tweeting: “What I am saying is stay out of Syria.”
Haley told NBC’s Meet the Press: “He wasn’t president in 2013,” defending his reversal and his twice-stalled ban on refugees from Syria entering the US. “And I’m not going to attempt to try and explain that.”
Haley said she could speak for the president this week. “What you saw was a president that was disgusted by what the Assad regime did to those innocent people,” she said.



ARTICLE
It was an exhausting 77-minute extravaganza, and any five-minute segment would have been enough to make front-page headlines around the world.
For the president of the United States, the simple act of sneezing can be newsworthy. When the president goes on a freeform monologue, occasionally interrupted by questions, that is almost the length of a motion picture, as Donald Trump did on Thursday, the news can be overwhelming. The entirety represents a deluge that is difficult to process.
Trump said he wasn’t “ranting and raving” during his press conference, and that was correct. The president was confidently unhinged as he spent more than an hour berating the press and boasting without any real basis that “there has never been a presidency that’s done so much in such a short period of time”.
The press conference, nominally called to announce the nomination of Alexander Acosta to be secretary of labor, represented the first opportunity for reporters to ask the president about a series of stories about his administration’s ties to Russia and Vladimir Putin. Trump responded by focusing on the real enemy – the media. In fact, at times, it felt that the press conference focused more on the CNN correspondent Jim Acosta than on Alexander Acosta (Trump even made sure to check with the CNN correspondent that the two weren’t related) as the president prosecuted his case against CNN. Often, Trump seemed to be in a time capsule, railing against Hillary Clinton and reusing entire paragraphs of rhetoric that he had once directed against her while campaigning for the White House. 
The result was a spectacle that was sheer entertainment if not terribly presidential. It was more comedian Henny Youngman than President William Henry Harrison as Trump needled reporters and engaged in a brand of insult comedy that was familiar from the campaign trail. At times, reporters couldn’t help but laugh at the president’s jabs despite their best instincts, simply because Trump’s comments were just that wacky and bizarre. 
At times, the interactions with reporters went beyond combative into a Twilight Zone. Trump told an Orthodox Jewish reporter who asked him about an upsurge in antisemitic incidents that he had asked “a very insulting question”. He later suggested to an African American reporter who had asked about whether Trump had consulted with the Congressional Black Caucus about his plan for inner cities that she should organize the meeting. “Tell you what, do you want to set up the meeting? Do you want to set up the meeting? Are they friends of yours?” the president asked the reporter about an influential bloc of lawmakers.
Trump suggested that “drugs are becoming cheaper than candy bars”; insisted he only claimed falsely at the beginning of the press conference that he had won “the biggest electoral college win since Ronald Reagan” (in fact George HW Bush, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama all won more electoral college votes) because he “was given bad information”; and opined in detail on CNN’s programming and ratings in its 10pm hour.
And there was an abundance of hard news. He insisted that “we had a very smooth rollout of the travel ban” despite all evidence and announced a new executive order on the topic was coming next week. He assailed all reports on his aides’ ties to Russia as “a ruse” and “fake” while conceding that the cascade of leaks on the subject was real. He said he had fired his former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, because “he didn’t tell our vice-president properly” about his calls with the Russian ambassador, Sergey Kislyak, but he insisted that there was nothing improper about making the calls. “I would have directed him to do it if he wasn’t doing it, because that’s his job.” And he hedged on Barack Obama’s controversial Daca program for undocumented immigrants who entered the country as children.
During the election campaign, Trump would routinely make half a dozen statements at a single rally that might prove fatal to any other candidate. It was hard for the media to focus on a single issue then, when Trump was still an outsider and an underdog.
Today, some might focus on Trump’s statements on Russia or his attacks on the media. Others might focus on his outright lies and bizarre claims. But there can only be one takeaway from the press conference – Trump may have become president, but he will never be presidential. It has only been 27 days since the president took office. There are still at least three years and 11 months left to go, and it is never going to be normal.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s plan to punish so-called sanctuary cities was blocked in court this week, but the concept is enjoying more success at state level, where Texas is poised to enact a law forcing local police to act as federal immigration enforcers.
A bill passed the Texas state house shortly before 3am on Thursday, after 16 often heated hours of debate amid pro-immigrant demonstrations outside the capitol building in Austin. Democrats in the Republican-dominated Texas legislature proposed a series of amendments in a futile effort to stall and weaken the bill, a version of which was already advanced by the senate.
It puts sheriffs and other police chiefs at risk of criminal charges and other serious sanctions if they do not help the federal government enforce immigration laws by complying with requests to detain immigrants. There are also civil fines for non-cooperation by local entities including campus police departments.
A Democratic state representative, Victoria Neave, began a four-day hunger strike on Sunday in protest at the bill. Another, Mary Gonzalez, wept on Wednesday as she talked in the state house about being a sexual assault survivor and expressed her fear that the law would help criminals. A third, Ana Hernandez, gave an emotional speech about her life before she became a US citizen. 
“During the time we lived in undocumented status, although I was just a little girl, I remember the constant fear my family lived with each day, the fear my parents experienced each day as their two little girls went to school, not knowing if there would be an immigration raid that day,” she said. “I see myself in many other students now that share the same fear of being deported or having their parents deported, wondering what’s going to happen to them.”
Republican hearts were not softened: they strengthened the language in the bill to allow law enforcement to ask the immigration status of anyone who is merely detained – for example, during a traffic stop – as well as arrested. They also refused to pass amendments calling for exemptions for young children at school or people in domestic violence shelters.
Rafael Anchia, a Democratic state representative, described it on Twitter as a “papers please” measure reminiscent of Arizona’s hardline and highly controversial SB1070, passed in 2010.
The two Texas chambers will have to agree on a final version before the Republican governor, Greg Abbott, can sign it into law.
The renewed effort comes after Donald Trump issued an executive order in January proposing to cut federal funds to sanctuary cities. These are informally defined as places where local authorities limit cooperation with immigration agents, notably when police decline to honour “detainer” requests from Immigration and Customs Enforcement (Ice) to hold people already in jail for longer so they can be picked up and potentially deported.
On Tuesday, though, a judge in California said that Trump’s order was an unconstitutional overreach of his authority and issued a temporary ban to stop it being enacted. But, energised by Trump’s rhetoric, conservative states are forging their own paths where the White House has so far been unable to tread.
Lena Graber, a staff attorney at the Immigrant Legal Resource Center in San Francisco, said that it is likely to be easier for states to enact anti-immigrant policies. “The legal analysis is different when it’s a state law versus a federal law. And so the states probably have more power in this [respect] than the federal government,” she said. “The states have more power to tell localities what they can or can’t do but it actually depends on state constitutions.”
Florida lawmakers are mulling over a bill to end municipal sanctuary policies.
Virginia’s Democratic governor, Terry McAuliffe, vetoed a restrictive bill last month. But Phil Bryant, the Republican governor of Mississippi, signed a law prohibiting sanctuary cities and banning any local policies that prevent public officials from enquiring about an individual’s immigration status.
According to the National Conference of State Legislatures, this year at least 32 states and the District of Columbia have considered or are considering legislation on the topic, with 29 states examining possible bans and 15 states and DC weighing pro-immigrant stances (12 states have bills on both sides of the argument).
Four states – Tennessee, Georgia, Alabama and South Carolina – passed bans before a national conversation began in 2015.. Kate Steinle’s murder in San Francisco by an undocumented immigrant who had been released from jail a few weeks earlier became a rallying cry for conservatives, and Trump often cited the killing during his election campaign.
Proponents of mandatory cooperation argue that it creates uniform standards and makes communities safer by reducing the number of criminals who are released from jail and go on to commit other offenses. Opponents say that serious crimes are rare and that mandating local police to work with Ice in fact undermines safety by eroding trust between officers and communities, pushing undocumented immigrants deeper into the shadows and making offences less likely to be reported.
Five Texas sheriffs from major metropolitan areas wrote an editorial earlier this month in the San Antonio Express-News arguing that compelling local police to act as immigration agents would be an expensive and damaging use of resources based not on sound reasoning but on “anti-immigrant grandstanding”.
Critics also say that detaining individuals who otherwise would be released violates due process and that enlisting local officers for immigration enforcement encourages racial profiling.
“All of these policies, they do different things but they’re all about the use and discretion of local resources and staff time and there is no legal obligation for local governments or agencies to help enforce immigration law of any kind and in fact the constitution prevents them from being required to do it. They’re allowed to offer help, as many do, but the idea that sanctuary policies are somehow going to be struck down in the courts is absurd because they’re totally legal,” Graber said.
The issue can also be seen in the wider context of the growing trend of Republican-led states seeking to create laws preempting ordinances passed by large liberal-leaning cities on culture wars topics such as guns, LGBTQ rights and the minimum wage, said Allie Yee, associate director of the Institute for Southern Studies.
But the vague term “sanctuary city” leaves room for a wide range of interpretations. Abbott, the Texas governor, withheld $1.5m in criminal justice funding for the Austin area after the sheriff of Travis County announced in January that her department would not honour most Ice detainers. He also threatened to have her removed from her job, though she is an elected official.
On Tuesday, though, Austin mayor Steve Adler told reporters after a discussion with the US attorney general, Jeff Sessions, that the federal government does not consider the city and county to meet the definition of a sanctuary city.
“This is creating a lot of uncertainty for local elected officials about what they can do or can’t do,” Yee said. “Is any kind of policy that’s seen as friendly towards immigrants going to be then [tagged] with a sanctuary city label and will that jeopardise millions of dollars from the state or federal government?”
The Associated Press contributed to this report



ARTICLE
American far-right radio host Alex Jones believes that Hillary Clinton is literally a demon – a red monster with a rubber face, an unregistered foreign agent from hell, which is a real place, where Satan, who is real, tortures unbaptised babies with a big fork in between demanding sacrifices of “blood, semen, and breast milk” from Clinton campaign manager John Podesta. I am only editorialising a little.
Jones, an ardent Trump booster, has made such claims over and over again on his too-popular-for-comfort radio programme, the Alex Jones Show, as well as on his websites, the best known of which is Infowars.com. He’s called Clinton a “demonic warmonger”, a “damn demon”, and an “abject, psychopathic demon from hell” who attends a “witches’ church” and has “personally murdered and chopped up and raped [children]”. If she won the election, Jones warned his followers last year, Clinton would “try to destroy the planet”. He once accused former secretary of state John Kerry of membership in a satanic sex cult, in which devotees have “gay sex hundreds of times in coffins begging for spiritual entities to possess them. That get in coffins hundreds of times in giant pits of faeces and have sex with each other. OK? That’s who’s running things! ... That’s what we’re dealing with, ladies and gentlemen.” Jones thinks the moon landing was faked and the government is putting chemicals in the water to turn people (and frogs) gay.
The current president of the United States of America, Donald J Trump, who has access to nuclear weapons, once appeared on Jones’s radio show, calling the host “amazing” and vowing, “I will not let you down … I think we’ll be speaking a lot.” Earlier this year, Trump pushed one of Jones’s conspiracy theories, claiming that the “dishonest press” is covering up terrorist attacks by Muslims in order to coddle Isis. Name a conspiracy theory, no matter how obscure, and Jones has almost certainly screeched it into a microphone with his signature drunk-leafblower panache. And the president is listening. OK? That’s who’s running things. That’s what we’re dealing with, ladies and gentlemen.
But a fresh and unexpected conspiracy is gripping the Jones camp this week, and this time the supposed puppetmaster is Jones himself. In the thick of a bitter custody battle between Jones and his ex-wife Kelly (who alleges that Jones is “not a stable person” and “wants J-Lo to get raped”), Jones’s lawyer has made the surprising claim that his client is “playing a character” and “is a performance artist” and therefore can’t be held accountable for his on-air behaviour and ideas, or how they might impact his children.
Alex Jones, according to Alex Jones, isn’t the real Alex Jones. He’s just playing a character, exploiting his audience’s prejudices for fame and money (you know, like a really great dad would do!). He doesn’t actually mean it. But where does that leave his listeners?
That means that Jones was just playing a character when he claimed that the Bush administration orchestrated 9/11, and, even earlier, that the US government was behind the 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City Federal Building.
Jones was only goofing around when he accused Obama of staging the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, in which 20 small children and seven adults were murdered, so that the government could justify taking all our guns away (which they still haven’t done – weird!). It was Jones the character, not Jones the person, who insisted that the dead children and their grieving parents were paid actors, Jones the “performance artist” who galvanised an army of internet sleuths to hound and harass said grieving parents for evidence of the “false flag” operation. Good one!
It was a particularly fine piece of performance art when Jones joined in the transparently fictitious furore known as “Pizzagate”, a conspiracy theory manufactured by white supremacist Trump supporters claiming that John Podesta’s leaked emails contained evidence of a child sex ring operating out of several pizza restaurants, after which a man barged into a DC pizzeria with a big rifle and nearly shot everyone, including children, because he thought children were in danger. Classic Jones! Give that guy an arts grant! (Oh, wait. Those won’t exist anymore.)
There’s something very faintly relatable about a true believer. I can understand why a person would want to believe in something more – life is hard, and boring, and cruel, and then you die, so why not indulge your fantasies of lizard people in the White House and gay frogs in the water supply? It’s Dungeons & Dragons. And it’s a club, a little exclusive, something to belong to. But knowingly leveraging the bigotries of the lonely and paranoid to expand your media empire – and, in the process, traumatising mourning families, nearly getting people shot, and helping to elect a tyrant who may destroy the earth either through war or environmental collapse or both – is a degree of cynical greed that’s difficult to fathom.
We don’t know which is the lie: whether Jones is just a guy playing an outlandish character or if he’s a delusional monster contorting himself toward normalcy to win a court case. It doesn’t really matter. Whether he means them or not, his words and influence have the same impact. Presumably, Jones is doing this because he loves his kids. Well, immigrants love their kids too, as do Muslims, and the parents of Sandy Hook, and the still-shattered families of 9/11. Gay people love their kids. People eating pizza love their kids. To know what it’s like to love someone like that, so much that you’d give up everything to keep them in your life, and then to actively strive to rip other families apart for profit or attention or power – that’s about as demonic as it gets.



ARTICLE
A majority of young adults – 57% – see Donald Trump’s presidency as illegitimate, including about three-quarters of blacks and large majorities of Latinos and Asians, a new poll has found.
GenForward is a poll of adults age 18 to 30 conducted by the Black Youth Project at the University of Chicago with the Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research. 
A slim majority of young whites in the poll, 53%, consider Trump a legitimate president, but even among that group 55% disapprove of the job he’s doing, according to the survey.
“That’s who we voted for. And obviously America wanted him more than Hillary Clinton,” said Rebecca Gallardo, a 30-year-old nursing student from Kansas City, Missouri, who voted for Trump.
Clinton won the popular vote by nearly 3m ballots but Trump won the presidency in the electoral college.
Trump’s legitimacy as president was questioned earlier this year by Representative John Lewis of Georgia, who said: “I think the Russians participated in helping this man get elected. And they helped destroy the candidacy of Hillary Clinton.”
Trump routinely denies that and says he captured the presidency in large part by winning states such as Michigan and Wisconsin that Clinton may have taken for granted.
Overall, just 22% of young adults approve of the job he is doing as president, while 62% disapprove.
One respondent to the poll, Jermaine Anderson, said he kept going back to the same memory of Trump, then a candidate, referring to some Mexican immigrants as rapists and murderers.
“You can’t be saying that [if] you’re the president,” said Anderson, a 21-year-old student from Coconut Creek, Florida.
Trump’s rhetoric as a candidate and his presidential decisions have done much to keep the question of who belongs in America leading the news, though he is struggling to accomplish some key goals. 
Powered by supporters chanting “build the wall”, Trump has vowed to erect a barrier along the southern US border and make Mexico pay for it, which Mexico refuses to do. Federal judges in three states have blocked Trump’s executive orders to ban travel to the US from seven, then six majority-Muslim nations.
In Honolulu, US district judge Derrick Watson this week cited “significant and unrebutted evidence of religious animus” behind the travel ban, citing Trump’s own words calling for “a complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States”.
Trump is the leader of a country where by around 2020 half of children will be part of a minority race or ethnic group, the Census Bureau projects. Non-Hispanic whites are expected to be a minority by 2044.
“I’m thinking, he’s saying that most of the people in the world who are raping and killing people are the immigrants. That’s not true,” said Anderson, whose parents are from Jamaica.
Megan Desrochers, a 21-year-old student from Lansing, Michigan, said her sense of Trump’s illegitimacy was more about why he was elected.
“I just think it was kind of a situation where he was voted in based on his celebrity status verses his ethics,” she said, adding that she was not necessarily against Trump’s immigration policies.
Poll participants said in interviews that they did not necessarily vote for one party’s candidates over another’s, a prominent tendency among young Americans, experts say. And in the survey, neither party fares especially strongly.
Just a quarter of young Americans had a favorable view of the Republican party, and six in 10 had an unfavorable view. Majorities of young people across racial and ethnic lines held negative views of the GOP.
The Democratic party performed better, but views were not overwhelmingly positive. Young people were more likely to have a favorable than an unfavorable view of the Democratic party by a 47% to 36% margin. But just 14% said they had a strongly favorable view of the Democrats.
Views of the Democratic party were most favorable among young people of color. Roughly six in 10 blacks, Asians and Latinos held positive views of the party. Young whites were somewhat more likely to have unfavorable than favorable views, 47% to 39%.
As for Trump, eight in 10 young people thought he was doing poorly in terms of the policies he has put forward and seven in 10 had negative views of his presidential demeanor.
“I do not like him as a person,” said Gallardo of Trump. She nonetheless voted for Trump because she didn’t trust Clinton. 
“I felt like there wasn’t much choice,” she said.



ARTICLE
Tax reform needs to happen now.
Neil Gorsuch is gold. 
Keep giving the media hell.
Keep showing evil dictators who’s boss.
Try again on healthcare.
And don’t forget the tax cuts.
Those are some of the messages Donald Trump voters had for the president as the 100-day milemarker of his presidency approached, in a politically centrist county where the Guardian has been tracking Trump support since before the inauguration.
Backing for the president in Northampton County, Pennsylvania, a former industrial juggernaut which voted for Barack Obama twice before falling for Trump in 2016, appeared to be healthy, three months in. Both Democrats and Republicans who voted for Trump gave him positive marks – a B-plus or A-minus – although many supporters said the clock is ticking for the president to deliver on tax reform and other promises.
“The people who were for Trump and who supported him and voted for him are still 100% behind him,” said John Morganelli, the Democratic county district attorney who has been re-elected six times (and who declined to say whom he voted for last November). “So I think if the election was held again today, in Northampton County there’s a good chance that Trump would carry this county again. And it might be slightly closer, but I think that he would probably do well.”
Northampton was not supposed to jump for Trump in 2016. The Hillary Clinton campaign was so confident of victory here that it moved local operatives out of state, to North Carolina and elsewhere, in the run-up to the election.
But Trump’s promise to make America great again found unexpected traction in Northampton, among Democratic voters who remembered the heyday of Bethlehem steel, once a local symbol of national strength, or who sensed, they say, that Clinton did not truly care about their lives and challenges.
Trump won here by four points. To hear many voters in Northampton tell it, he would do the same tomorrow.
“It’s only 100 days,” said Christy Facciponti, 54, a former engineer at Bethlehem Steel, who was flying a Trump flag outside her home in Nazareth, Pennsylvania, last week. “Please, give him a second. He’s already done more than Obama ever did.”
Joe D’Ambrosio, a barber in Bethlehem who changed his party registration from Democratic in 2016 to vote for Trump in the primary, praised the president’s conduct of foreign policy, especially his showdown with the North Korean leader, Kim Jong-un.
“Trump tells the strongest guys in town, if you want to mess with him, he’ll mess with you,” D’Ambrosio said. “And the little fat boy over there, I think he’s putting a set of manners on him.”
Bruce Haines, a Republican former steel executive who runs the Historic Hotel Bethlehem, praised Trump’s installation of Neil Gorsuch on the supreme court and said support for the president in the business community was robust.
“The divisions are as strong as they were on election night,” Haines said. “The Trump people are just as supportive of Trump as they were on election night, and the anti-Trump voters are probably stronger against – there isn’t anything that guy’s going to do to get the Hillary voters. They’re just not going to accept anything.”
But even Trump’s strongest supporters say the clock is ticking for the president to sign major legislation in multiple areas, no matter how out to lunch Congress may be. 
“Goodness sakes alive, Republicans have run on tax reform as long as I can remember, and we don’t seem to get it,” said Lee Snover, a Republican activist who is a kind of Patient Zero for Trump support in Northampton. “I mean I’ve got a Republican House, and a Republican Senate and a Republican president, and I still don’t have lower taxes? So I’m really having a difficult time internalizing that, coming to grips with that and accepting that. I really am.
“They need to get it done.”
As the dogwoods and magnolias bloomed and lawnmowers came out across Northampton county, interviews with Trump voters did reveal some pockets of discontent with the president, especially among people who said they had backed him on an impulse, or who had expected him to do more, sooner.
Marie Claire Placide is a two-time Obama voter whose dress shop in Bangor, in the north of the county, is going out of business. She voted for Trump, she said, “because I know he’s a businessman, and, you know, he used to be a Democrat”.
“So I chose him,” Placide said. “I even had some Democrat friends angry – ‘Why were you voting for Trump?’ I said it’s a free country. I vote for who I want.”
The Guardian asked Placide, who was naturalized as an American citizen in 1990 and who works an evening shift for a nursing agency to put her two children through college, whether she thought Trump had made America great again.
“No, I don’t,” she said, with a dismissive headshake. 
“I don’t watch the news any more,” Placide continued. “I’m not interested any more. After the election, I didn’t watch the news.”
Around the corner from Placide’s soon-to-be-shuttered shop sits Miller’s Paint and Wallpaper, a local mainstay since 1923. Duane Miller, the 79-year-old owner and a Democrat, was mayor of Bangor from 1974 to 1990.
“As a very last-minute voter, I voted for Trump,” Miller said. “My first reaction was that Hillary would be the president and was unbeatable, you know, and there would be no problem. Having said that, my customers here, I was extremely surprised to find how many voted for Donald Trump. And it was almost as a protest.
“It’s the disillusionment of the common man with government, because government has done nothing to help the average working man.”
Miller said that he had detected a provisional fall-off in enthusiasm for Trump around town, and he said that if the election were held in Bangor tomorrow, there was a chance Trump might lose.
“There’s been a change, but how much I’m not sure,” Miller said. “In other words, people are saying, well, ‘I don’t agree with Trump that he did this, or I don’t agree with that.’ But not to a big factor. The factor is, ‘I voted for Trump, but I’m not sure I should have,’ would be the best way to say it.”
Melissa Hough runs the Slate Belt Heritage Center in Bangor, which showcases the region’s once-thriving slate quarries and the historic immigration flows that shaped its diverse labor pool.
As the 100-day mark approached, Hough said: “I think the support remains.”
“The economy improved elsewhere,” she said. “It didn’t improve here, so I think a lot of people blamed the government, because that’s what they heard on TV, and they do not blame the factors closest to them – like the companies they worked for, the corporations.” 
Miller said voters had noticed that Trump has not repealed Obama’s healthcare law, has not started construction on a border wall and has not enacted tax reform.
On health reform, Miller says, “he promised a promise he can’t keep”. “And other things he promised, he can’t keep. So how will that come out in the long run? If it continues that he can’t keep these promises, or some of them, then we won’t have a Republican president next time.
“If he can’t produce, then he’ll be as bad as Hillary.”
Back down south, in Bethlehem, D’Ambrosio, the barber, pointed out a bumper sticker someone had left on his car, which already had a Trump sticker. The anonymously gifted sticker read: “Trump 2016: Finally someone with balls!”
“I think my customers, they’re all behind him,” D’Ambrosio said. 
“I knew you were coming, so I did a little survey this week. And I said to everybody, ‘This guy’s gonna come from the Guardian, and is gonna ask these questions.’ I said, ‘What do you want me to tell him?’
“Everybody said they gave him a B-plus.” 
D’Ambrosio said that some customers faulted Trump for using Twitter too much, but the reception for his cabinet appointments, his leadership style and particularly for his military actions had been “very positive”.
“He jumped in polls,” the barber said. “Why did he jump in polls? Because he showed strength. And listened to the people he put in charge. ‘Cause hell, he’s no general.
“He doesn’t have to know everything about everything, because you know, he doesn’t walk on water. But as long as he’s a good administrator, and he picks good people, and he works with them, that’s what we want.”
Snover, the Republican activist, said people took confidence from what they perceived as Trump’s projection of power.
“I think the people have a lot more confidence in America,” Snover said. “They’re losing fear and they’re gaining courage, especially from the military positions he’s taken. His overall theme, that we’re powerful, has made Americans feel encouraged – they feel confident. I think he’s brought on that feeling.”
Haines, the hotel owner, said he gave Trump an A-minus on the strength of the Gorsuch appointment to the supreme court, but added that the president needed to reach across the aisle to close deals on healthcare reform and tax cuts.
“I don’t really have a strike against him,” Haines said. “I would encourage him to try and find some moderate Democrats that he can schmooze.”
Snover said that, for now, Congress was catching the blame for whatever was not getting done.
“A lot of people, people in the party, are not blaming Trump for anything that’s not been accomplished,” she said. “They’re blaming Congress, including the Republicans, because they’ve been there longer and they’ve always been the problem.”
Facciponti, the Nazareth resident flying a Trump flag, sat down for a chat on her porch swing. 
“We put it back up for the inauguration and kept it up,” she said of the flag. If the election were held again today, she said, “I think he’d win by more.”
A conversation about possible areas where Trump had fallen short quickly turned to what Facciponti said were the media’s efforts to tear down the president.
“The media just hates him,” she said. “It’s really sad. If the mainstream media would give him one-tenth of the chance they gave Obama, he would be so loved. It’s just sad that people – the Never Trumpers – that people are that stubborn.”
Larry Hallett, the owner of a restaurant and paving company outside Bangor, also thought that Trump’s good intentions and efforts to compromise had been undercut by antagonists in the media and the Washington establishment. 
“I think he’s trying actually, I think he’s sincerely trying to get everybody together and try to use them all, but they’re making it very difficult for him. I really do,” said Hallett.
“I think if the Democrats came up with something that was a very good decision, I think he would try everything, no matter how much it takes. The man I seem to know there would cherish all of them.” 
Morganelli, the district attorney, said “a lot of people” agreed with that assessment.
“Everywhere I go, restaurants, I bump into folks, sometimes just in casual conversation,” he said. “It’s anecdotal evidence, but, ‘What do you think of Trump?’ 
“And over and over again, the people who voted for him say ‘Hey, I voted for him, I’m still thinking what he’s doing is right.’
“There are a lot of people who agree that the media overall has been tough on him, maybe perhaps tougher than they have on other presidents.”
D’Ambrosio saw Trump’s clashes with the media as a sign of his tactical canniness.
“I think his big thing is unpredictability, and that’s the best thing that you could do. And that comes from negotiating,” D’Ambrosio said.
“He throws the bait out with these tweets, and lets people chew on it. He knows what he’s going to do, he wasn’t born yesterday. He actually plays the game, and I think the press doesn’t know it, and they take the bait all the time. 
“They really take the bait.”
Sign up for regular email dispatches throughout the year to hear from Tom and the people of Northampton County



ARTICLE
The White House was forced to defend its healthcare plan on multiple fronts on Tuesday after a damning report found it would deprive millions of people of insurance, deepening divisions in the Republican party.
A non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) study released on Monday predicted that by 2026, the number of people without insurance would increase by 24 million if House Republicans’ legislation to replace the 2010 Affordable Care Act (ACA) – also known as Obamacare – is adopted. 
But during an hour-long briefing dominated by the issue, the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, challenged the CBO’s figures, contended that two further phases of reform should be taken into account and continued his retrospective battle with Barack Obama’s administration.
In 2013, Spicer said, the CBO estimated that 24 million people would have coverage under the ACA in 2016, only to be off by 13 million people, or more than 50%. In fact, he claimed, only 10.4m people were actually covered, and reports suggested this number had dwindled to 9 million.
“CBO coverage estimates are consistently wrong and more importantly did not take into consideration the comprehensive nature of the three-pronged plan to repeal and replace Obamacare with the American Health Care Act,” Spicer told reporters at the White House.
But he was eager to embrace the CBO’s forecast that the act would reduce the deficit by more than $330bn and bring health insurance premiums down 10%.
“When you get down to it, the Congressional Budget Office is there to measure the potential impact of programmes on the federal budget. Its attempts to estimate coverage have been historically faulty … They’re pretty good at dollars, not as good at people.”
The second and third prongs of the new plan include reforms to further drive down costs and increase coverage, he said, for example by allowing health insurance companies to sell across state lines. “It’s like building a puzzle. If you only put a third of it on the table and said, ‘Hey, look, this puzzle’s incomplete, we hid the other two-thirds’ pieces,’ it’s not explaining to people how the whole thing comes together.
“There’s no question that increased competition drives down costs. It is just an economic certainty, and allowing greater choice will do the same.”
The bill has been condemned by Democrats, some Republicans, the American Medical Association, the American Hospital Association and a swath of conservative interest groups. Jonathan Gruber, an architect of the ACA and professor of economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, has denounced it as a “scam”.
Spicer said in response: “I think the plan that he helped create hasn’t done so well for Americans seeking health insurance … Respectfully, I think he should just hang out more at MIT and allow good ideas to continue to come forward so we can focus on achieving the president’s goal of what he sought out in the first place.”
Pressed more than once on whether Trump would guarantee healthcare for everyone, Spicer continued to attack the ACA, claiming that it forced people to buy plans they did not like. He said out of 30 million potential users, 6.5 million people decided they would prefer to pay a penalty, while nearly 14 million had applied for a hardship exemption.
“So you’ve almost 20 million people in America who have said that they don’t want Obamacare and they’ll either pay a penalty or have applied for a hardship.”
Retaining the ACA – seen as Obama’s signature domestic policy achievement – was not an option, he added. “If we do nothing, if we just allow this to continue, it will collapse on its own. The cost of it is unsustainable. The premiums are going sky-high in state after state and the choices keep going further and further down, and so this idea of comparing it to Obamacare is a false choice, because they have no choice.”
He was reluctant to embrace the term “Trumpcare”, however. “The Obama administration didn’t label it Obamacare. They called it the ACA. This is the American Health Care Act. The president’s proud of it, the president’s proud of the fact we’re working with Congress … I don’t think this is about labels and names.”
But the non-partisan CBO report leaves Republicans with an uphill battle to sell the plan – their first major piece of legislation under Trump – in the Senate and possibly the House. It was thought to be no coincidence that Breitbart News, a pro-Trump website, released a potentially damaging audio recording of the bill’s champion Paul Ryan, the House speaker, saying on a conference call with House Republicans on 10 October: “I am not going to defend Donald Trump – not now, not in the future.”
On Capitol Hill, Republican lawmakers from across the political spectrum criticised the plan. “It’s pretty eye-popping – 14 million people who will lose insurance in a year relative to baseline,” Republican senator Bill Cassidy, a physician from Louisiana, said, referring to the findings in the CBO report. “That’s something that folks should be a little bit concerned about.”
Cassidy, who introduced an ACA replacement plan in January, said he would like to see significant changes to the plan, especially to make insurance more affordable for low-income earners.
The vice-president, Mike Pence, and the health and human services secretary, Tom Price, joined Senate Republicans for their weekly lunch on Capitol Hill in an effort to galvanise dwindling support for the legislation.
The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, a Republican from Kentucky, said after exiting the weekly lunch: “Regarding the projection of fewer people purchasing [insurance], I think that’s the inevitable result of the government not making you purchase something you may not want.
“And so we are hoping to have a more vibrant market that will attract a greater number of people to actually be able to buy, at an affordable cost, insurance that actually makes sense for them rather than one prescribed by the government.”
McConnell said he expected changes to be made in the House before the bill is delivered to the Senate, where he anticipated it would be amended further.
Conservative hardliners have balked over concerns that the bill does not go far enough to repeal the ACA, panning Ryan’s replacement plan as “Obamacare lite”. On Tuesday, members of the House Freedom Caucus, whose support Republicans need to pass the bill in the House, said they required substantial changes to the legislation in exchange for their votes.
“Obviously we’ve got some work to do still,” the Freedom Caucus chairman, Mark Meadows, a Republican from North Carolina, told a crush of reporters. He added: “I’m optimistic that we’ll [see] some good results in less than a week.” 
Meadows said he had received “no assurances” from the White House on the legislation yet, but said he was having “good conversations” on “Medicaid, essential health benefits and the mandates”.
Speaking to Fox & Friends on Tuesday morning, the Ohio representative and Freedom Caucus member Jim Jordan said the current plan “doesn’t unite Republicans” and “doesn’t bring down the cost of premiums”.
But some joined the White House in seeking to discredit the budget office in an effort to undermine its findings. Senator Roy Blunt, a Republican from Missouri, said that the CBO was “notoriously bad” at anticipating what would happen in the marketplace. “They’re sometimes not even very good at adding and subtracting,” he said. 
On Tuesday, Democratic leaders held a news conference with doctors who are supportive of the Affordable Care Act and patients who are insured under the current healthcare law.
The House minority leader, Nancy Pelosi, denounced Republicans for what she characterised as prioritising political ideology above millions of Americans who risk losing coverage under the GOP healthcare plan. 
“They’re saving $33bn a year and they’re cutting off 26 million people from healthcare,” Pelosi said, adding: “This isn’t about politics, it’s about values.”
During an afternoon press conference, the Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer, called the plan one of the president’s “biggest broken promises” and quoted a pre-inauguration promise in which Trump said his plan would provide “insurance for everybody”.
“The CBO report confirms that Trumpcare does not even remotely come close to that pledge,” the New York Democrat said. “The president was off by 24 million Americans – more than the population of my entire state.” 



ARTICLE
White House chief of staff Reince Priebus denied on Sunday that Donald Trump had removed two top defense officials from regular seats on the National Security Council in a reshuffle that expanded the influence of senior adviser Steve Bannon.
On Saturday, Trump signed a memorandum that gave Bannon a seat on the “principals committee” of cabinet members who shape US foreign and defense policy. The memo also relegated the director of national intelligence and the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, two of Washington’s highest defense officials, off the principals committee.
Instead, the memo said, the chairman and the director would attend only meetings “where issues pertaining to their responsibilities and expertise are to be discussed”.
On Sunday, Priebus said the defense chiefs would in fact be invited to all meetings. “They’re included as attendees any time that they want to be included,” he told NBC’s Meet The Press. 
Former defense secretary Robert Gates, who served both Republican and Democratic presidents, told ABC’s This Week on Sunday that the relegation for the defense chiefs was a “big mistake”.
“Under the law, only two statutory advisers to the National Security Council and that’s the director of central intelligence, or the DNI, and the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff,” Gates said. 
“I think pushing them out of the National Security Council meetings, except when their specific issues are at stake, is a big mistake.
“They both bring a perspective and judgment and experience to bear that every president, whether they like it or not, finds useful.”
Susan Rice, who served as Barack Obama’s national security adviser, similarly expressed shock at the reorganization of the NSC. Rice tweeted that it was “stone cold crazy” to treat the chairman and director as “afterthoughts”. 
“Who needs military advice or (intelligence) to make policy on Isis, Syria, Afghanistan, DPRK?” she tweeted. “And CIA?? Cut out of everything?”
She added that during Obama’s tenure, the vice-president never chaired NSC meetings, as it appeared the Trump White House was ready to allow Mike Pence to do so.
Bannon has drawn controversy for his role as the publisher of Breitbart, a website that has run racist and misogynistic articles. Before taking over the site, Bannon was a Goldman Sachs executive and early investor in the sitcom Seinfeld. He joined Trump’s campaign as chief executive after the ouster of Paul Manafort, a former lobbyist who quit amid scrutiny of past work for pro-Kremlin politicians in Ukraine. 
Bannon has described himself as an “economic nationalist” and said he found inspiration in the works of Nazi propagandist Leni Riefenstahl. In a rare interview last week, he told the New York Times that he considers the press “the opposition” and said it “should keep its mouth shut”. 
On Sunday White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Bannon, who has no experience in government, was qualified by dint of his seven-year service in the navy in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
“He is a former naval officer,” Spicer told ABC. “He’s got a tremendous understanding of the world and the geopolitical landscape that we have now.
“Having the chief strategist for the president in those meetings who has a significant military background,” Spicer said, “to help make – guide what the president’s final analysis is going to be is crucial.”
Spicer said Rice’s criticism was “inappropriate” and that Trump receives “plenty of information” from the chairman of the joint chiefs. The reorganization, he said, was meant to “modernize” the council and make it “less bureaucratic and more focused on providing the president with the intelligence he needs”.
Like Jared Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law, Bannon was appointed to a White House position that does not require Senate confirmation. On Saturday, Bannon and Kushner sat in on several phone calls between the president and foreign leaders, including calls with Russian president Vladimir Putin and German chancellor Angela Merkel.
Pennsylvania senator Bob Casey was one of a handful of Democrats to criticize the reorganization, writing on Twitter: “Chairman of the joint chiefs out, former head of white nationalist website, in.”
“With Bannon at the table for nat sec decisions, we can expect more politically motivated discriminatory actions like we saw last week,” he continued, alluding to the president’s order to ban travel from seven predominantly Muslim countries. 



ARTICLE
Civil rights leaders reacted with fury to the move by Republicans to silence Elizabeth Warren as she was in mid-flow on the floor of the US Senate, reading out a 1986 letter from one of the titans of the struggle for race equality, the late Coretta Scott King.
King’s friends and fellow members of the movement for equal rights, in which she had played a prominent role alongside her husband Martin Luther King, responded with anger to the action of the Republican majority leader, Mitch McConnell. He cut Warren off mid-sentence, claiming that by quoting King’s words the Democratic senator had broken a Senate prohibition on members impugning the conduct of their peers.
The instant backlash from civil rights figures was spearheaded by the daughter of Coretta and Martin Luther King, Dr Bernice King, who within hours of the Senate drama unleashed blistering criticism of the direction taken by the Republican party. Setting out on Facebook a 10-point program for how to resist the new Republican stranglehold on White House, Senate and House of Representatives, she reserved her most pointed words for Donald Trump, though without naming him, since point one of her manifesto was: “Don’t use his name; EVER.”
She added, “45 will do” – a reference to Trump’s status as 45th president of the United States.
Rev Jesse Jackson, who was present at the Lorraine Motel in Memphis on 4 April 1968 when Martin Luther King was assassinated, called the abrupt termination of the reading of Coretta Scott King’s letter a “moral disgrace”. Jackson told the Guardian that the move was “beneath the dignity of the American dream”.
The silencing of Warren happened at a confirmation hearing for Jeff Sessions, Trump’s pick for US attorney general and one of the most contentious of his cabinet nominees. She was reading from a letter that Coretta Scott King had written in 1986 in which the late civil rights leader opposed in very strong terms the earlier nomination of Sessions for a federal judgeship for the southern district of his home state, Alabama. 
King wrote in the letter that Sessions was unsuitable for elevation to the courts because he had “used the awesome powers of his office in a shabby attempt to intimidate and frighten elderly black voters”.
Jackson said that by halting Warren’s reading, McConnell had exposed the kinship between Trump and the Republican party. “Just as Sessions sought to silence Dr King’s movement for the protected right to vote, McConnell last night sought to silence Coretta Scott King’s letter – it’s a consistent pattern.”
Rev Dr Barbara Reynolds, a close friend of Coretta Scott King who co-authored her memoir, My Life, My Love, My Legacy, said she was “appalled and upset” by what had happened. It was all the more disturbing, Reynolds said, given King’s specific and personal criticism of Sessions in the letter.
“At the time she wrote the letter, Sessions was working as a prosecutor and the people he was fighting were people she had grown up with outside Marion, in Alabama. He was prosecuting black people trying to help other blacks register to vote – and that’s what the civil rights movement was all about.”
Reynolds said that King had been so opposed to the idea of Sessions sitting in judgment in a federal court because “she didn’t want to go back to the life they led before they won the right to vote. Her family’s lumber mill was burnt down by white terrorists and there was nothing they could do about it precisely because they didn’t have the right to vote.”
She added: “Even now, in 2017, they are silencing Coretta Scott King. They won’t let her speak now, but her words still matter.”
In the book they wrote together, King says: “I am counting on the next generation to pick up the still broken pieces of society and continue the struggle against poverty, greed and power that Martin and I gave our lives to. Freedom is never really won; you have to earn it and fight for it in every generation.”
Sessions was rejected for the judge’s position in 1986. The judiciary committee of the US Senate voted his nomination down after the hearing was told that he had been accused of using the N-word to describe a black official in Alabama. 
He is expected to be confirmed as attorney general by the Senate on Wednesday evening.



ARTICLE
On the evening Donald Trump announced his supreme court nominee, thousands of protesters gathered outside of Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer’s Brooklyn apartment. They chanted “Just vote no” and “Obstruct” while carrying signs – “Get a spine, Chuck” – and a prop skeleton to illustrate their point. 
The protesters are part of a sudden swell of liberal activism that has drawn millions to city streets and airport concourses across the US, in a startling show of resistance to Trump’s presidency. Emboldened by this groundswell, some progressives have started using the word “primary” as a verb – and as a threat.
For Democrats in Washington, many of whom are still surprised by the scale and furiousness of backlash, the challenge is how to convert this energy into electoral success.
Schumer has significantly slowed the pace of Trump’s cabinet confirmations and excoriated many of the president’s nominees. But the activists outside Schumer’s home on that January night were unimpressed by his votes in favor of Trump’s nominees to represent the US in the UN and to lead the Pentagon, CIA and Department of Homeland Security.
“Our message to Democrats is simple: fight Trump or we’ll find someone who will,” said Waleed Shahid, a co-founder of the progressive group All of Us and a former organizer with the Bernie Sanders campaign. This week, the group launched the political action committee We Will Replace You, the latest in a series of projects to warn Democrats that failures to oppose Trump’s agenda will have consequences.
The group argues that Democrats need to exercise the little political power they still have. The activists have a long list of demands: votes against “all Trump appointees”, opposing his supreme court nominee, using congressional procedures to “bring all business to a crawl to block Trump’s agenda and demand Steve Bannon be fired”. Elected officials, they say, should “publicly support impeachment if Trump is found to have broken the law or violated the constitution”.
The activists have already circled a number of Senate Democrats who have failed to meet their standards, including vulnerable and increasingly rare red-state Democrats, such as Joe Manchin of West Virginia and Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota. Both Democrats are up for re-election in 2018. 
“The Democratic party establishment wants the support of the Tea Party of the left but they don’t want to earn it,” Shahid said, alluding to the 2010 movement that mobilized rightwing activists, confronted moderate Republicans and helped the party take control of the House in a wave. 
“They say they love the grassroots activism, but they don’t want to take the next step and challenge the Democratic leadership.”
Their demands put leaders such as Schumer in a bind. With his party shut out of power in Washington, public shows of support are arguablyits most powerful weapon, but he must also worry about the lawmakers in his caucus facing elections in states where Trump won.
Democrats must defend 23 Senate seats in the 2018 election cycle, 10 from states that Trump won in November. Already, outside groups have targeted these vulnerable red-state Democrats to try to soften their opposition to Trump’s nominees for the cabinet and supreme court.
“The activists threatening to primary [support a primary challenge to] Democratic candidates live in a bubble,” said Jim Kessler, a former Schumer aide and co-founder of a centrist thinktank, Third Way. “They have no idea how to win in places that aren’t sky blue already.”
Kessler believes the path back to power will require the Big Tent party to grow geographically, and not just move sharply to the left with its demands. In his view, red-state Democrats are an endangered species worth protecting – not threatening. 
The activists’ campaign says its goal is not necessarily to primary the candidates and that the threat “becomes a tool that successfully pushes Democrats to fight Trump harder”. 
Blanket obstructionism has proven to be a tall order – even for progressive politicians from safely Democratic states. Senator Elizabeth Warren, a progressive favorite from Massachusetts, has already been forced to defend her vote for Ben Carson for secretary of housing and urban development.
A number of activists who support using this tactic agreed that the real test will be the supreme court battle. Senate Democrats have the ability to filibuster Trump’s nominee, Neil Gorsuch, meaning that Republicans need to earn support from at least eight Democrats to confirm Gorsuch – unless the controlling party changes the rules.
“This nominee cannot be allowed to ever take the oath of office. It just cannot be allowed to happen,” said Anthony Rogers-Wright, a Seattle-based climate and environmental activist who was a surrogate for the Sanders campaign.
“If any Democrat does not take part in a mass filibuster – they’re disqualified.”
Already, a handful of senators have flatly refused to support Gorsuch, arguing that Republicans “stole” the seat from Barack Obama when they refused, for a record 293 days, to hold a hearing for his nominee, Merrick Garland. But more have said Gorsuch deserves a fair hearing, and that they will wait to hear more about his views and background before making a decision. 



ARTICLE
The Guardian has launched a new project, the Resistance Now, dedicated to covering the people, ideas and actions pushing back against perceived threats to society. We want to share your story of resistance.
Maybe it’s demanding answers at a town hall. Maybe it’s protesting against threats to the environment and the deportation of immigrants. Or marching in support of equality and racial justice – or restoring a cemetery after acts of antisemitism.
If you’re participating in the resistance movement, we want to hear from you. More specifically, we want you to show us what it looks like.
Please send us any pictures or videos of events happening in your community so we can share your efforts and stories with our readers. You can upload your contributions through GuardianWitness by clicking the “Contribute with GuardianWitness” button above. You can also use the GuardianWitness smartphone app or the Guardian app and search for ‘GuardianWitness assignments’.



ARTICLE
As many as 24 million Americans risk losing health coverage over the next decade under the Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office said on Monday.
The report predicts a dramatic loss of healthcare coverage over the next decade if Congress enacts the Republican healthcare proposal, which has faced criticism from across the political spectrum and from nearly every sector of the healthcare industry.
An estimated 52 million people would be uninsured in 2026, compared with the 28 million who would lack insurance that year under the current law, according to the report. President Donald Trump, who supports the Republican plan, has promised that his plan would provide “insurance for everybody”.
The congressional analysts estimate that the Republican healthcare proposal could reduce the federal budget by $337bn over 10 years, with the largest savings coming from cuts to the federal Medicaid program and “Obamacare” tax credits for people who buy insurance individually.
Republicans were bracing for an unfavorable accounting from the budget office on Monday, as the bill, called the American Health Care Act, faces intensifying opposition from conservatives, Democrats, consumer interest groups and nearly every sector of the US healthcare industry.
Reacting to the report, health and human services secretary, Tom Price, said the CBO score is “just not believable” and the White House “strenuously” disagrees with its conclusion. He said the analysis only accounted for one phase of the three-pronged plan, which the White House believes would cover more Americans than the report estimated. 
The House speaker, Paul Ryan, said the report confirms that his plan will “lower premiums and improve access to quality”, indicating that Republicans intend to press ahead with the legislation despite the sizable loss of coverage.
“Our plan is not about forcing people to buy expensive, one-size-fits-all coverage,” Ryan said in a statement. “It is about giving people more choices and better access to a plan they want and can afford. When people have more choices, costs go down.”
But Senator Susan Collins called the report a “cause for alarm” and urged her colleagues to slow down and revisit the replacement plan. 
“This is an extremely important debate with significant implications for millions of Americans,” the Republican said. “We need to spend the time necessary to get this right.”
In the run-up to the publication of the CBO report, many Republicans began casting the expected drop in coverage as a consequence of having more choice. 
“The one thing I’m certain will happen is CBO will say, ‘Well, gosh, not as many people will get coverage,’” Ryan said on CBS’s Face the Nation on Sunday. “You know why? Because this isn’t a government mandate.”
The report also concluded that barring Planned Parenthood from receiving federal dollars would amount to $234m less in Medicaid spending over 10 years. But about a third of those savings, the report warned, would be wiped out by unintended pregnancies caused when low-income or rural women lose access to contraceptive services. Planned Parenthood receives Medicaid reimbursements for providing STI and contraceptive services, but not abortions, to low-income patients at no cost.
In addition to increased spending on births, the report found, there would be unpredictable costs associated with the children, who could qualify for Medicaid and other federal programs.
Democrats, who had criticized Republicans for rushing the bill through key House committees before the CBO score was released, seized on the report’s findings and called on Republicans to drop the bill. 
“The CBO report should be a knockout blow for Republicans in Congress,” the Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer, told reporters during a joint press conference with the House minority leader, Nancy Pelosi, on Monday. “They should heed this warning and turn back from their plan that would be a disaster for the country.”
Pelosi echoed Schumer. “In terms of insurance coverage it’s immoral, in terms of giving money to the rich at the expense of working families it is indecent and wrong,” Pelosi said, adding: “I hope that they would pull the bill. It’s really the only decent thing to do.” 
“It is abundantly clear why congressional Republicans wanted to rush their healthcare bill through committee during two middle-of-the-night markups – they know it is a fundamentally bad deal for Americans,” said the House Democratic caucus chairman, Joe Crowley of New York. 
“Donald Trump’s ‘insurance for everybody’ pledge was a big fat lie,” the Democratic National Committee chairman, Tom Perez, said in a statement. 
The ACHA seeks to radically transform and cut Medicaid, one of America’s largest social safety nets; end requirements for Americans to purchase healthcare; allow insurance companies to charge the old five times more than the young; expand tax-free health savings accounts; cut taxes that would disproportionately benefit the wealthy; and shrink subsidies that benefit the middle class. 
At the same time, it allows insurance companies to levy a 30% surcharge on anyone who does not have insurance for more than two months, meant to incentivize people to keep insurance.
When the ACA was passed, it sought to insure all Americans and standardize health benefits. The law passed consumer protections, expanded Medicaid to single adults and established subsidized marketplaces for individuals to buy insurance. 
Though the GOP plan would scrap many of the existing law’s critical provisions, it keeps a handful of its most popular ones: a requirement that insurers cover the sick, allowing young people to stay on their parents’ health insurance, and a ban on lifetime coverage caps.
During the presidential campaign, Donald Trump touted a replacement plan that would “cover everybody”. 
Earlier on Monday, Trump invited a group of people – referred to by the administration as “victims of Obamacare” – to the White House to share their recount their negative experiences with the healthcare law.
Among those Trump heard from during the listening session was a cattle rancher who said the increasing healthcare rates are hurting her family business and a stay-at-home mom who was forced to re-enter the workforce because the increase in the premium for their family insurance was unaffordable. Trump promised the table that the Republican plan would ensure “access for everyone”, a departure from his earlier promise to create universal healthcare. 
However, that access would come with a price for some groups, the CBO predicted. Changes in the Republican bill could cause monthly costs for older, poorer Americans to rise dramatically. For example, a 64-year-old earning $26,500 a year would have annual out-of-pocket costs increase by $14,600, from $1,700 a year under current law. 
By contrast, young people could see annual costs drop. A 21-year-old earning the same amount of money would pay just $1,450 out-of-pocket, a $250 decrease from current law. 
With the GOP having only a two-vote majority in the Senate, the bill needs to bring warring factions together to pass, assuming Democrats uniformly oppose the bill. Yet conservatives remain staunchly opposed to the legislation in its current form, dubbing it “Obamacare lite”.
Heritage Action for America, one of the most influential conservative opponents of the Republican healthcare law, cast doubt on whether the bill has enough votes to pass the House. 
“The biggest fear I have – what keeps me up at night – is that Republicans pass a healthcare bill that keeps the fundamental architecture of Obamacare,” Michael Needham, the CEO of Heritage Action, told reporters on Monday. “Then, in 2020 or 2024, the American people look at the mess and vote in a Democrat who says the answer is single-payer healthcare.”
“I would say to my friends in the House of Representatives with whom I serve: ‘Do not walk the plank and vote for a bill that cannot pass the Senate and then have to face the consequences of that vote,’” Tom Cotton, a Republican senator for Arkansas, told ABC. “If they vote for this bill, they’re going to put the House majority at risk next year.”
Equally as blunt, Rand Paul, a Republican senator for Kentucky, said of Ryan’s plan: “He will not have the votes.” 
A handful of GOP senators have criticized the bill for not protecting Medicaid beneficiaries, and two Republican senators have objected to the provision stripping Planned Parenthood of federal funding.
House Republicans have pressed ahead quickly with the bill, which was unveiled last week. The healthcare plan was approved by two key House committees last week after all-night debates and despite objections from Democrats, who argued that it was critical to know the findings of the CBO report first. The proposal will next head to the House budget committee.
A preliminary assessment from the ratings agency S&P Global suggested between two million and four million people who are insured through the individual insurance market under the healthcare law could lose coverage, as well as between four million and six million people who are currently enrolled in Medicaid.
At the same time, as debate on the ACA has heated up its popularity hit a historic high in February, according to findings from the Pew Research Center and the latest Kaiser Health Tracking poll. The result is the highest level of support for the law in the 60 tracking polls Kaiser Health has conducted since 2010.
Molly Redden contributed to this report



ARTICLE
Expect some hilarious signs and chants at tomorrow’s March for Science, as tens of thousands of proud nerds  flood the National Mall in Washington DC in a passionate defense of science. One catchy chant floating on social media: What do we want? Evidence based science/When do we want it?/After peer review.
The brainy demonstration comes in reaction to the Trump administration’s attitude toward the sciences, and penchant for “alternative facts”. Trump has outlined plans to cut the Environmental Protection Agency, called climate change “a hoax,” and proposed cutting $7bn from science programs.
The march will be backed by 374 “satellite marches” around the country, and dozens of marches around the world. Speakers and performer include Questlove, Jon Batiste and, of course, Bill Nye The Science Guy.
Bernie Sanders will appear alongside 50 political hopefuls on Monday, at the “Rise up: protest to power” event in Washington DC. The political hopefuls will appear on stage with Sanders during a three-day event hosted by national activism organization People’s Action. George Goehl, the group’s co-director, told the Guardian all 50 have signed up to run on a progressive platform and are campaigning for a variety of positions, from city council to governor.
Similar assemblies will be held in 11 different states in coming months, with People’s Action aiming to attract more people interested in running for office.
Montana wildlife officials and animal rights activists aren’t happy about Donald Trump Jr’s weekend plans. 
Trump Jr is officially traveling to Montana this weekend to support Republican Greg Gianforte’s bid for congress. But his and Gianforte’s plans to go hunting for prairie dogs is causing upset.
The president’s eldest son is a keen hunter who has been involved in the deaths of an elephant, a leopard, a buffalo, deer and at least four pheasants. Shooting prairie dogs is legal in Montana state.
The national organizing platform is live streaming a “State of the Revolution” event on Sunday – to “kick off the next phase” of the resistance. 
Shannon Jackson, executive director at Our Revolution, told the Guardian on Friday that the organization is launching a new tool to connect people across the country with local organizing groups. 
It will also be publishing a new platform where activists can find information about sanctuary cities – and learn how they can get involved in protecting undocumented immigrants in their area.
Our Revolution has a list of watch parties on its website.
Poor bunny.



ARTICLE
After Donald Trump slammed a federal judge for a ruling that placed a nationwide halt on his freeze on refugee admissions to the US and travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries, the Democratic leader in the Senate blasted the president for a “lack of respect for the constitution”. 
James Robart, a US district judge in Seattle, temporarily blocked Trump’s executive order late on Friday. On Saturday, the state department and Department of Homeland Security said travel from the affected countries and refugee entry to the US would resume, pending an application for a stay on Robart’s ruling.
Regardless, Trump tweeted: “The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!” 
In a statement, Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said Trump had shown “a disdain for an independent judiciary that doesn’t always bend to his wishes and a continued lack of respect for the constitution”. 
Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic leader in the House, said: “No matter how many times the president attacks this judge … it won’t change the fact that this ban is unconstitutional, immoral and dangerous.
“The nationwide hold on the president’s ban order is a victory for our values, our security and our constitution.”
Patrick Leahy, the ranking Democratic on the Senate judiciary committee, issued a stinging rebuke of what he said was the president’s “hostility toward the rule of law”, which he called “not just embarrassing [but] dangerous”. 
“He seems intent on precipitating a constitutional crisis,” Leahy said, adding: “He fired the nation’s top law enforcement official [acting attorney general Sally Yates] for recognizing that his so-called ‘travel ban’ was indefensible. It is in fact an arbitrary and shameful attempt to discriminate against Muslims. 
“Last year, he made baseless accusations and attacked a federal judge [Gonzalo Curiel, in a case regarding Trump University] because of his ethnic heritage. And now he is attempting to bully and disparage yet another federal judge … for having the audacity to do his job and apply the rule of the law.”
The first White House response to the Seattle ruling came on Friday night, with a promise to appeal and a defense of the order as “lawful and appropriate”.
“The president’s order is intended to protect the homeland and he has the constitutional authority and responsibility to protect the American people,” said Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary.
The order has also prompted opposition and concern worldwide. Bob Corker, the Republican chair of the Senate foreign relations committee, told reporters on Capitol Hill this week that close US allies, such as King Abdullah II of Jordan, had voiced their own concerns.
“Obviously, the King did mention recent policies would have an effect and are having an effect,” Corker said. “But this is a temporary policy, and I think they’re trying to determine how people are being vetted and maybe this is something [that] four or five months is in our rearview mirror.”
On Saturday, the offices of Republican Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell and House speaker Paul Ryan declined to comment on the Seattle ruling.
Some Republicans have characterized the order as overly broad and questioned the administration’s decision not to consult congressional leaders or the newly appointed heads of the Department of Homeland Security and the Pentagon.
Ryan, however, has been among the more vocal defenders of the travel ban, insisting its intent is rooted not in religion but in national security.
“This is not a Muslim ban,” Ryan said at a press conference on Thursday. “If it were, I would be against it. This loose rhetoric that suggests this is a religious test or Muslim ban is wrong.”
However, the former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani, a top Trump surrogate who was considered for secretary of state, said the president had asked him how to implement a Muslim ban that would pass legal muster.
“I’ll tell you the whole history of it,” Giuliani told Fox News last week. “When he first announced it, he said ‘Muslim ban’. He called me up, he said, ‘Put a commission together, show me the right way to do it legally.’”
Spicer has insisted the order is not a Muslim ban. On Saturday, however, Trump tweeted: “Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it’s death & destruction!”



ARTICLE
Far-right provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos has been revealed as a speaker at next week’s influential Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) to give his message at a time when “political correctness is properly being discarded”, said its organiser.
The Breitbart news editor, who was permanently banned from Twitter in July 2016 for instigating racist and sexist abuse of Ghostbusters actor Leslie Jones, will take the stage alongside other speakers including US vice-president Mike Pence and Senator Ted Cruz.
Matt Schlapp, the chairman of the organiser American Conservative Union (ACU), said he thought the conservative movement could handle the controversy sparked by the invitation of the notorious internet troll and noted that “ACU has publicly taken on racism and the alt-right and will continue to do so aggressively”.
Seventy-five speakers have so far been announced for the annual gathering of conservative organisations in Washington, which begins on Wednesday. The keynote speaker will be Michael Reagan, the eldest child of former president Ronald Reagan.
On Friday night, Yiannopoulos appeared on HBO show Real Time with Bill Maher and insulted comics Lena Dunham, Leslie Jones, Amy Schumer and Sarah Silverman. He said: “The Democrats are the party of Lena Dunham. These people are hideous, mental people. The more the American people see of Lena Dunham, the fewer votes the Democratic party is going to get.”
Yiannopoulos added that Schumer and Silverman “used to be funny before they contracted feminism”.
One the abuse of Leslie Jones that saw him banned from Twitter, he said: “I simply don’t accept that an A-list Hollywood celebrity is sitting at home crying over mean words on the internet.”
Maher, a free speech advocate, told Yiannopoulos he thought he was “colossally wrong” on most issues
The show was followed by an expletive-ridden online segment with three panellists: comedian Larry Wilmore, author and counterterrorism expert Malcolm Nance and Georgia Republican Jack Kingston.
This month the University of California, Berkeley had to cancel a speech by Yiannopoulos after thousands of students gathered in protest and a group of black-clad activists shot fireworks at the speech venue. US president Donald Trump later criticised the university’s stance on free speech and brought into question the institution’s federal funding.
Associated Press contributed to this report



ARTICLE
All presidents deserve the respect that belongs to the office of the commander-in-chief. Even orange ones who trash the media, hide their business interests from public view, and praise Russian foes.
 Yes, even Donald Trump deserves something more than “you lie!” Especially when he lies.
 So it falls to us, on the occasion of his first address to a joint session of Congress, to take Trump at his un-tweeted word. At least for one night.
 After just one month in office, it is safe to say this has been the most tremendous start to a presidency. It’s safe to say that because Trump says it all the time.
 “I think in terms of effort, which means something, but I give myself an A+,” he told the ferocious interviewers on Fox and Friends on the morning of his big speech. “I think I get an A in terms of what I’ve actually done, but in terms of messaging, I’d give myself a C or a C+.”
 Don’t be so hard on your messaging, Mr President. Your heroic effort has certainly been noticed around the world, in federal courts across the nation, and by the true measure of your success: on Saturday Night Live.
At the very least, based on this brutally honest self-assessment, the new president’s first address to Congress deserved an A+ for effort.
The sheer effort required to start a speech by condemning racist murders and antisemitic attacks was historic. After all, earlier in the day, the same president had suggested all those bomb threats to Jewish community centers were the work of his political opponents “to make others look bad”.
Say what you like about the Trump presidency, but he is working hard to make all those “others” feel really good.
 “A new national pride is sweeping across our nation,” he read from his prompter in a tone he used to describe as low energy. “And a new surge of optimism is placing impossible dreams firmly within our grasp.”
 You can almost feel the surge of optimism in the previously downtrodden minority known as white supremacists. The impossible dreams of David Duke are firmly within his grasp, including his warm embrace of Trump’s conspiracy theories about those antisemitic bomb threats.
 Just last week Trump’s evil genius, Steve Bannon, declared that his boss was objectively the greatest orator since William Jennings Bryan, the populist Democrat who campaigned in vain against the elites, alcohol, and science. Bannon insisted that Trump’s stump speeches were “full of content” and Tuesday’s address to Congress was no less full of it.
To grasp for some oratorical heights, Trump and his speechwriters imagined the 250th anniversary of the founding of the republic.
Never mind that the auspicious anniversary falls outside the scope of the second term of a Trump presidency. Trump simply refused to accept a 250th year burdened by the mistakes of the past decades, when “we’ve spent trillions and trillions of dollars overseas, while our infrastructure at home has so badly crumbled”.
 His solution: to spend trillions and trillions of dollars overseas on increased military spending.
Some people might say this is contradictory, but they don’t see what Trump saw during his election: a moment in history that could not pass without mention or cliche. To underscore this point, he variously described 2016 as an earthquake, a rebellion, a protest, and a chorus.
 “Finally the chorus became an earthquake,” he orated, “and the people turned out by the tens of millions, and they were all united by one very simple but crucial demand: that America must put its own citizens first.”
 All except the non-united citizens: those who voted for Hillary Clinton, in greater numbers than moved the earth for Trump.
He described a world in which dead factories would come back to life, drug addiction would end, inner cities would spring into prosperity, and the nation would be paved with gleaming new roads. Seriously, they are going to gleam because of this promise: “Above all else, we will keep our promises to the American people.”
 This is the best promise of all. An A+ kind of promise, which we know to be true because this is the most principled and ethical government ever.
 “We have begun to drain the swamp of government corruption by imposing a five-year ban on lobbying by executive branch officials, and a lifetime ban on becoming lobbyists for a foreign government,” said the president who sounds like he lobbies for Vladimir Putin. If you have any doubt about this, you should ask the Trump Organization’s ethics officer to check the president’s tax returns, just to be sure everything is kosher. 
Few of his critics understand what Trump so eloquently described as the way “each American generation passes the torch of truth, liberty and justice in an unbroken chain all the way down to the present”.
Trump’s loving care and attention to truth, liberty and justice shone throughout his lengthy explanation of his approach to immigration.
 Soon, he promised, he would build a wall on the southern border, even before Congress has given him the money to do so. Right now, he assured us, he was deporting bad hombre criminals, as well as many who are just any kind of criminal. Already he was blocking the uncontrolled entry of so many Muslim foreigners, after so many Syrian refugees have wasted their green cards sitting in squalid camps on Greek islands.
Trump will keep all his promises, including the ones he just made Tuesday to work for “real and positive immigration reform”.
 “The time for small thinking is over,” said this president of exceedingly large thinking. “The time for trivial fights is behind us.”
Those trivial fights are so far behind us that it’s been a full two days since he tweeted that the Russian stories were just a Democratic conspiracy to “mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!”
 
 “We just need the courage to share the dreams that fill our hearts,” Trump concluded. “The bravery to express the hopes that stir our souls.”
 Sometimes those hopes and dreams just happen to include the demise of the New York Times, CNN and all the enemies of the people known as the free press.
 There is indeed a torch in Trump’s exceptionally large hands. And he’s not afraid to use it.



ARTICLE
The ink was barely dry on Judge Derrick Watson’s order suspending Donald Trump’s latest travel ban when the recriminations and conspiracy theories began.
One Fox News commentator called it “judicial tyranny”. President Trump himself called it “unprecedented judicial overreach”. On social media, amateur sleuths noted that Judge Watson had graduated from the same Harvard Law School class as Barack Obama (in 1991), and even noted that Obama had been in Hawaii on the day of the ruling, as though they had cooked it up together. 
One thing is beyond doubt: Judge Derrick Kahala Watson, the only native Hawaiian currently serving as a US federal judge, has made himself a national lightning rod with a ruling that admirers and detractors alike have described as pointed and outspoken. 
His 43-page document flatly describes the government’s contentions in defense of the revised travel ban as untrue and says the administration’s “illogic … is palpable”. It is rare that judges are willing to stick their necks out so visibly. And Judge Watson hardly has a reputation as a hothead or a rabble-rouser. He is a product of Hawaii’s prestigious private school system, attended Harvard as an undergraduate as well as a law student, and had a distinguished career as a federal prosecutor in northern California and Hawaii before being elevated to the federal bench. He has also served as a reserve captain in the US army.
Interviews with colleagues and friends by the Associated Press overnight suggested a man who was usually understated and fair-minded if also strict and highly principled. That was also the impression gleaned by the Senate when it voted unanimously to confirm Watson as a federal judge in 2013. At the time, President Obama praised him and five other judicial nominees for their “talent, expertise, and fair-mindedness”. 
Certainly, Watson is not the first federal judge to take issue with the administration’s attempts to impose a temporary ban on travelers from certain Muslim-majority countries. A similar restraining order was issued in early February by Judge James Robart in Seattle in response to the first draft of the administration’s executive order, and Watson’s ruling coincided with a similarly argued, though less broad, ruling from a federal judge in Maryland. All of them have argued that the travel ban looks a lot like an instrument of religious discrimination – both because of what is in the executive orders themselves and because of what President Trump and his team have said about them on the campaign trail and in public appearances since the election. 
There are indications, though, that Watson’s viewpoint may have been further influenced by his Hawaiian heritage and his long record of advocacy for immigrant rights and civil rights. While with a San Francisco law firm in the early 2000s, he devoted hundreds of hours to pro bono cases defending the rights of Mexican restaurant workers being held in slave-like conditions and to landlord-tenant disputes.
The complaint filed by Hawaii’s attorney general against the Trump travel ban contained an explicit reference to some of the most painful chapters in the islands’ history – the Chinese Exclusion Acts and the imposition of martial law and internment of Japanese Americans following the bombing ofPearl Harbor. At the time, the US supreme court upheld the government’s argument – similar to Trump’s – that it had the executive authority to defend national security as it saw fit. But the court’s ruling in Korematsu v United States has since been described as a “stain on American jurisprudence” and has been widely repudiated in federal court rulings if never explicitly overturned.
“If you have an order taking us back half a century to a time when there was discrimination on the basis of national origin or religion,” Hawaii’s attorney general, Doug Chin, told reporters after Watson’s ruling, “that’s something we have to speak up against.”
Watson’s suspension of the travel ban rested on the argument that the plaintiffs, including the head of the Muslim Association of Hawaii, had a strong likelihood of prevailing at a full trial. That conclusion, though, rests on a reading of case law that many more conservative jurists and commentators do not share – particularly when it comes to considering comments by President Trump and administration officials as well as the text of the executive order itself.
“Watson’s imaginative reasoning in Hawaii v Trump asserts a new judicial power to disregard formal law if the president’s personal words create a basis for mistrusting his motives,” conservative commentator David Frum wrote in a column worrying about the kind of precedent this could set for future administrations of either party persuasion. “In the age of Trump, many will be sympathetic to this judicial power – but it is crammed with dangers, too.”



ARTICLE
A Republican-led House committee voted on Tuesday to eliminate an independent election commission charged with helping states improve their voting systems as Donald Trump erroneously claims widespread voter fraud cost him the popular vote.
The party-line vote came less than two days after the US president vowed to set up a White House commission helmed by the vice-president, Mike Pence, to pursue his accusations of election fraud.
“We’re going to look at it very, very carefully,” Trump said of voter fraud in an interview with Fox News that aired Sunday. “It has to do with the registration, and when you look at the registration and you see dead people that have voted.” 
Reports that Trump told congressional leaders in a meeting last month that 3 to 5 million ballots had been cast illegally during the 2016 race were met with discomfort on Capitol Hill. While top Republicans have refused to disavow his charges of election fraud, they have not pushed for action on the issue, which remains a low priority for the congressional leadership.
The vote in the House administration committee underscored, once again, the political differences between the Republican president and the party’s rank-and-file. The GOP majority on the committee eliminated the Election Assistance Commission, which was created by Congress after the 2000 Florida recount to upgrade voting technology and provide election-related information to federal entities, state officials and election administrators. 
Republicans, who lead the effort to terminate the agency, say it is a prime example of government waste. They have been introducing legislation to end the commission for years with little success. 
“If we’re looking at reducing the size of government, this is a perfect example of something that can be eliminated,” said Representative Gregg Harper, the committee chairman, after the bill passed on a 6-3 vote. “We don’t need fluff.” 
Harper said he had not spoken to Trump about the legislation. “He’s certainly welcome to call me at any time,” he said. 
The bill was opposed by committee Democrats and voting rights groups, who argued that the federal agency played a vital role in protecting elections from hacking and other types of interference. 
“At a time when the vast majority of the country’s voting machines are outdated and in need of replacement, and after an election in which foreign criminals already tried to hack state voter registration systems, eliminating the EAC poses a risky and irresponsible threat to our election infrastructure,” said Wendy Weiser, the democracy program director at the Brennan Center for Justice. 
Congress allotted nearly $3.3bn to states and territories to support upgrading voting systems, and much of that money was placed into bank accounts where it gained interest. As of October 2015, the most recent date available, nearly $376m remained unspent in dozens of states across the country. 
As of today, the commission’s independent inspector general has not released audit reports for nine of a total of 55 states and territories, according to the EAC. 
“Each day we hear from state and local election officials who need our help to navigate the challenges they face,” said the EAC chair, Thomas Hicks, in a statement. “We are focused on serving them and the American voters. Congress should remain a trusted partner in that effort.” 
The committee also voted to terminate the public financing system, which provides major party presidential nominees with a lump sum grant of roughly $94.14m in the general election. But a candidate who accepts the grant may not raise any additional funds and is severely limited in how much of his own money he can give or lend to his campaign. 
Barack Obama in effect ended the practice of candidates taking general election public financing in 2008, when he chose not to accept it. His Republican rival, John McCain, took the grant that year and was swamped by the Obama campaign’s spending. Neither Hillary Clinton nor Trump accepted public financing last year. 
Money for the public financing of campaigns is collected through voluntary $3 checkoffs on taxpayers’ returns. The checkoffs do not affect how much money a taxpayer owes. 
The legislation would devote $63m of the available funds to pediatric cancer research. The remainder would be returned to the treasury for deficit reduction. 
It is not clear if the full House will vote on the measures.



ARTICLE
Activists, political analysts and writers including the author Salman Rushdie, foreign policy expert Anne-Marie Slaughter and Columbia University president Lee Bollinger appeared in New York on Saturday, at an event that aimed to look past partisan squabbling over immigration, “fake news” and the threat of terrorism.
The event, A Dangerous Moment: Shades of Red and Blue, was hosted by the The Ethics Centre, an Australian organization, and sponsored by the Guardian. In a series of discussions at the New York Public Library on 42nd Street, speakers addressed the rise of Donald Trump and the divided country he now leads.
Here’s a rundown of how the day’s panels panned out:
This panel featured John W Dean, a White House counsel in the Nixon administration; Hendrik Hertzberg, a speechwriter for President Carter and a New Yorker staff writer; and John Podhoretz, a conservative columnist for Fox News and the New York Post. The discussion focused on misunderstandings between left and right, and comparisons between Trump and Richard Nixon.
“It’s not really known what Trump is doing,” said Dean. “It’s very Nixonian.”
In contrast to the era of Watergate, Dean said, the New York Times and the Washington Post are in battle with each other, a situation which encourages good reporting and close coverage of the Trump administration.
Podhoretz said that in the early 1970s, the church would speak out on moral issues facing the government and people. It would have criticized a candidate like Trump, he said, because of his multiple marriages and comments about women. “Those institutions no longer have the moral veto they once did,” he said.
Podhoretz added that an issue facing Trump as president is that “it’s clear he didn’t want the job”.
“Nixon wanted to be president but he hated campaigning,” said Hertzberg. “Just the opposite from Trump.”
Trump’s travel ban and attitudes towards immigrants as terrorists dominated a conversation between Jamil Dakwar, director of the American Civil Liberties Union human rights program; Oz Sultan, a strategist at Big Data and a Republican Muslim-American; Sana Mustafa, a 25-year-old Syrian who moved to the US after she was imprisoned by the Assad regime; and Yael Eisenstat, a diplomat and national security advisor to former vice-president Joe Biden.
Sultan spoke in favor of Trump’s attempts at curtailing Muslim immigration and refugees through tighter vetting and a focus on national security, saying that though such moves were “a little wonky, a little cumbersome … I think the policy will find its way through”.
As someone who has gone through the refugee visa process, Mustafa criticized Sultan. “We are vetted a lot,” she said, noting it would be impossible to ask the Assad regime if she had been a “good citizen” because “I protested that government”.
She also said her 16-year-old sister had gone through three and a half years of security screening, including interviews that went on for nine hours, and had recently been rejected for a US visa, even though she had used the same evidence and argument for refugee status that secured a visa for Mustafa. “This is a discriminatory order,” she said, referring to the travel ban.
Eisenstat in turn questioned the logic of Trump’s travel bans because “I want to base everything on fact”. She added that “the vast majority of international leaders say banning people from these countries is not going to help our national security”, because such a ban would not be created because of any specific threat from those countries. 
Eisenstat said she believed Trump’s laptop and electronic ban came directly from intelligence information that revealed a risk of bombs being hidden in laptop computers. “No doubt in my mind,” she said.
Dakwar, a Palestinian Israeli, spoke about the risk of increased deportations of undocumented immigrants by Immigration and Customs agents, which, he said, were “just going to make this country worse”.
“It’s not just about the labor force,” he said, “it’s about how people feel, how they relate to each other in this country.”
This panel was made up by Slaughter, CEO of New America, a foreign policy thinktank; Thomas M Nichols, professor of national security affairs at the US Naval War College; Elmira Bayrasli, cofounder of thinktank startup Foreign Policy Interrupted; and Walter Russell Mead, professor of foreign affairs at Bard College. It focused heavily on American issues, particularly in light of the election.
“There’s no longer division between foreign and national politics,” said Slaughter, who said she had cancelled four planned trips to Europe since the election. “Why am I spending my time talking to people like me in watering holes in Europe, rather than reading about or traveling in this country?” she asked.
The most educated Americans are not encouraged to move to declining manufacturing towns or rural areas in order to help them, Mead said, because “the elites have stopped teaching that kind of patriotism”. He added that he supports some protectionist trade laws.
“Protectionism didn’t work well for the Soviets, it did not well for Latin America,” countered Bayrasli, who noted one reason working class Americans are frustrated is that as jobs have moved overseas, they have seen the rise of a middle class in Brazil, China and India and “feel left behind”.
Regarding the rise of extremist Islamic terrorism, Slaughter said the US needed to change its mentality that it alone can end it. 
“I don’t think we’re going to defeat them,” she said.
“The way we triumph is endure,” replied Nichols.
The pros and cons of affirmative action – and the impact race and religion have on a person’s individual experience – dominated the conversation between Jelani Cobb, a staff writer at the New Yorker; Bollinger of Columbia University; Paola Mendoza, artistic director for the Women’s March on Washington; and the writer Derryck Green.
Green argued against affirmative action, which he believes halts growth by offering a “false safety net”. If a black doctor was available to perform surgery, he said, people wouldn’t want to pick him or her out of fear he or she was only in the job because of affirmative action.
“It just has a very negative way of stigmatizing black achievement and accomplishment,” he said.
But that, said Cobb, was the problem. “What if that doctor were white … why is the white person not stigmatized?”
Asian students, Cobb said, generally outperform white students but that does not make us look negatively upon white students and question their upbringing.
Bollinger said at Columbia, African-American students are the very “top top” in quality – but people presume they are there because of affirmative action. “The stigma is the result of racism,” he said.
The Women’s March didn’t just focus on “women’s” issue such as reproductive rights, said Mendoza, but its organisers found that “pushback was very severe because people want women in this moment of time to be put in a box”.
“You can’t make me choose between being an immigrant and being a woman, or being a Muslim and being a woman,” she said. “I am the one and the same and I can’t choose.”
Muslims in America often have to renounce acts of terror even though the only connection between them and the terrorist is a shared religion, Cobb said. After the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando last June, in which 49 people were killed, Donald Trump tweeted about “radical Islamic terrorism”.
“He’s also from Queens,” Cobb said of the gunman. “As is Donald Trump. As am I.”
Distrust of the media because of its political coverage during the campaign was the hot topic between Rushdie; president of Bard College Leon Botstein; Lachlan Markay, a White House reporter for the Daily Beast; MZ Hemingway, a senior editor at the Federalist; and the Washington Free Beacon’s editor-in-chief, Matthew Continetti.
“Through this campaign year, the media was openly oppositional,” said Hemingway. “The media were not sceptical of Obama for eight years. Now they want to do journalism now Trump is president.”
Except, said Botstein, “you don’t expect the leader of a country to lie in such a bold faced manner”. He noted that retractions, fact checks or clarifications do not get as much traction with the reading and watching public as the original lie.
Partly that’s because people want to exist in their own ideological bubble, Markay said, adding: “I live in Washington DC and everyone has an opinion and everyone thinks they’re right, and no one cares about your opinion.”
Rushdie pointed out the meaning of the term “fake news” has changed, from “malicious stuff on the internet deliberately put there by Russians, specifically targeting Bernie Sanders voters in order to detach them from Hillary” to the White House using the term, “flipping it and accusing its … opponents in the mainstream media of being liars”.
Facebook is trying to stop the proliferation of fake news, noted Continetti, by trying to fact check stories and change its algorithm accordingly. But tech companies are not journalistic organizations. 
“At the end of the day, they’re also looking to make a buck,” he said.
There was also a discussion about the “liberal elite”. Instead of using the word “elite” to refer to journalists, Rushdie said, “the term elite should apply to a government of billionaires”.



ARTICLE
The White House has condemned the “horrible” deal struck by Barack Obama to resettle refugees from Australia, but indicated the US may still take them despite an angry phone call between Donald Trump and Australia’s prime minister.
The deal brokered between Obama and Malcolm Turnbull last November originally forecast the resettlement of up to 1,250 refugees from Australia’s offshore detention islands of Manus Island and Nauru.
But the plan inherited by Trump has blown up into a diplomatic incident after it emerged that a first call between the two allies degenerated into acrimony.
Trump used Twitter to deride the “dumb deal” and even made reference to the call during a traditionally tranquil address at the annual National Prayer Breakfast.
“When you hear about the tough phone calls I’m having – don’t worry about it. Just don’t worry about it,” Trump told the crowd of faith leaders, diplomats and members of Congress in Washington on Thursday. “They’re tough. We have to be tough. It’s time we’re going to be a little bit tough, folks. We’re taken advantage by every nation in the world, virtually. It’s not going to happen any more.”
The remarkable political spat continued at the White House daily briefing, where the press secretary, Sean Spicer, attempted to pass off the tenor of the call as “cordial” despite reports that it was anything but.
The Washington Post reported that Trump had abruptly ended the call, scheduled for an hour on Saturday afternoon, after just 25 minutes. Trump reportedly told the prime minister: “This was the worst call by far.” Trump had spoken earlier that day with four world leaders, including the Russian president, Vladimir Putin.
News of the phone call, followed by Trump’s tweet, led to immediate fears that the deal to resettle refugees from countries including Iran, Iraq, Somalia and Sudan could not survive Trump’s travel ban.
However, speaking on Thursday at his daily briefing, Spicer did not go so far. The refugees, he said, would be subject to an “extreme vetting” process to ensure that they came with “peaceful intentions” and did not pose a threat to US security. The remarks indicated that the resettlement deal had not been scrapped despite the president’s outrage.
“He has tremendous respect for the prime minister and for the Australian people and has agreed to continue to review that deal and to ensure that as part of the deal – which was always a part of it – that we would go through a very extreme vetting process to ensure that every single person that is coming here with peaceful intention and poses no threat to the US.”
Spicer said the president was “unbelievably disappointed” about the “horrible deal” negotiated by Obama and Turnbull last year. He added that Trump was “extremely, extremely upset with it – he does not like it”.
It is not clear why Obama cut the deal to take refugees from the Australian camps. However, last year Turnbull announced that his country would take some Central American refugees from a Costa Rican camp as part of a US-led effort. That deal was announced in a speech when he attended Obama’s leaders’ summit in September 2016.
Turnbull has stated emphatically in radio interviews that he secured a personal commitment from Trump, saying the deal had been “confirmed several times now by the [US] government”.
“We have a clear commitment from the president,” Turnbull told the Melbourne radio station 3AW. “We expect that the commitment will continue.”
The prime minister added: “I can confirm the report the president hung up on me is not correct.”
During a lunch with Harley-Davidson executives and union representatives in the White House’s Roosevelt Room on Thursday, Trump reaffirmed his view of the resettlement deal. 
“I love Australia as a country but we had a problem,” Trump said. “For whatever reason, President Obama said we’d take probably well over 1,000 illegal immigrants who were in prisons and take them into this country and I just said why? ... Why are we doing this? What’s the purpose? We’ll see what happens. Previous administration does something, you have to respect that, but you can also say: why are we doing this?”
News of the call prompted Senator John McCain, one of the Republican party’s leading foreign policy experts, to call Australia’s ambassador to express “unwavering support” for the countries’ alliance. 
“I asked Ambassador [Joe] Hockey to convey to the people of Australia that their American brothers and sisters value our historic alliance, honor the sacrifice of the Australians who have served and are serving by our side, and remain committed to the safer, freer, and better world that Australia does far more than its fair share to protect and promote,” McCain said in a statement.
Details of Trump’s punchy call with Turnbull came hours after a report of a leaked transcript of a call between the US president and his Mexican counterpart, Enrique Peña Nieto, in which Trump reportedly said he would send troops south of the border if the Mexican president didn’t control “bad hombres”.
House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer said Trump’s apparent rhetoric during the calls was an indication “of an administration deeply incompetent on matters of foreign policy and national security” and said he too had called Hockey to reiterate the US-Australia alliance. 
“I urge the president to apologize both to Prime Minister Turnbull and to President Peña Nieto for his childish behavior, which embarrasses our country and hinders America’s ability to lead in the world,” Hoyer said in a statement. The refugees will be subject to the “extreme vetting” process to ensure that they come with “peaceful intentions” and do not pose a threat to US security, Spicer said, indicating that the resettlement deal had not been scrapped despite the president’s outrage. 



ARTICLE
The attorney general, Jeff Sessions, is advising the federal prosecutors under his authority across the US to re-intensify the nation’s drug war as part of a Department of Justice initiative to target violent crime. Citing a 10.8% increase in the number of murders nationwide, and a decline in federal prosecution for violent crime, Sessions has issued a memo advising US attorneys “to employ the full complement of federal laws to address the problem of violent crime in your district”, including the use of prosecutions under the Controlled Substances Act.
The move mirrors several other hard pivots away from the priorities of the Obama-era DoJ and towards the hardline “tough on crime” rhetoric that Trump and Sessions have promoted. In recent weeks, Sessions has stated that his DoJ will roll back investigations into potential civil rights violations by police departments, and has reversed an order from Loretta Lynch’s DoJ to phase out the use of private prisons in the federal corrections system, painting a jarring picture of regression to reform-minded criminal justice advocates.
“We absolutely need to focus on the most violent offenders. But Sessions’ aggressive stance on crime, based on misleading statistics, shows we could be headed toward policies that don’t target the problem, such as another ‘war on drugs’,” said Inimai Chettiar, director of the Brennan Center’s justice program. “Research shows focusing on drug crimes does not make us safer. This was a major factor in making the United States the world’s number one jailer, and we should not repeat the mistakes of the past.”
Those mistakes, as Chettiar describes them, are part of what the former attorney general Eric Holder was trying to address when he issued a 2010 memorandum that encouraged prosecutors to use discretion in deciding when to file charges. This included not pursuing cases where “no substantial Federal interest” would be served, or where “there is an adequate non-criminal alternative to prosecution”, for example a program focused on rehabilitation.
Those mistakes were also in play when Holder issued another memorandum to federal prosecutors advising them to avert mandatory minimum sentences where unnecessary, noting that “in some cases, mandatory minimum … statutes have resulted in unduly harsh sentences and perceived or actual disparities” in the criminal justice system.
It’s difficult to assess exactly what impact Sessions’ memo will have. On the one hand, while it does not directly reference the “Holder Memo”, it does appear to be a direct repudiation of Holder and Lynch’s priorities, which recognized mass incarceration as an undesirable criminal justice outcome, in favor of more punitive, one-size-fits all answers. 
“I fear we are seeing the triumph of ideology over evidence,” said Kevin Ring, president of Families Against Mandatory Minimums. “This approach will undoubtedly be tough on some criminals, but it will not be tough on crime.”
On the other hand, what the memo literally suggests, that prosecutors use the tools at their disposal to prosecute violent crime, was never really in question. Both of Holder’s memos encouraged prosecutors to be less punitive only for non-violent crime. 
“This is absolutely nothing new. The memo says USAOs ‘may’ be doing this already. We know for a fact that they are already doing this,” said Roy L Austin Jr, the former deputy assistant to the president for the Office of Urban Affairs, Justice and Opportunity.
The effects of the memo may play out in very subtle ways, according to the Fordham law professor John Pfaff, for example, giving local prosecutors more leverage in plea negotiations with a “tough on crime” federal prosecutor waiting in the wings who could threaten a harsher sentence. “For cases that trigger federal jurisdiction – generally something involving drugs or illegal firearms – local prosecutors could threaten to hand a local case over to the feds to get a faster, and more favorable, plea deal at the local level,” Pfaff said. 
But no matter the actual impact of the Sessions memo, it signals a shift in the attorney general’s expectations of his representatives, and a view of crime that seems to focus only on parts of the data.
2015 saw the nation’s murder rate make its largest one-year jump in 43 years. But despite the spike, overall violent crime rates remain near all-time historic lows and are nowhere near those seen during the much more violent late 1980s and early 1990s.
“You lost 50lb. You gained back a couple. You’re not fat,” is how Jeffrey Butts described the historical context to the Guardian last year. Butts, the director of the Research & Evaluation Center at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice, added, “That doesn’t mean you shouldn’t look at your behavior, because the trend is not good.” 
An example of Sessions’ view was on display last month when, in a speech to a gathering of state attorneys general, he abandoned prepared remarks that addressed the historical context of crime for an off-the-cuff speech.
“Crime rates in the United States remain near historic lows,” Sessions was scripted to remark. “We have won great victories against crime in America.”
But instead, Sessions focused his entire address on doom and gloom, expressing near certainty that the spike in crime was not a “blip” but that it “represented the beginning of the trend”.
Criminologists say this prediction of a long-term crime increase has “no evidence” to support it. 
“I’ve got a nice speech here, but maybe we can just chat,” Sessions said before he began.
Lois Beckett contributed to this report



ARTICLE
Donald Trump suspends travel from seven Muslim-majority countries for 90 days and suspends refugee admissions for 120 days. The order applies to permanent US residents, ie green-card holders, as well as foreign visitors.
A federal judge in Brooklyn, New York, issues an emergency stay of Trump’s order, stopping deportations of travelers caught up in the ban and ordering the release of travelers with valid visas who have been held at US airports.
Homeland security secretary John Kelly issues a waiver from the ban for lawful permanent residents, over the reported objections of chief White House strategist Steve Bannon.
Washington’s attorney general sues the Trump administration in federal court, claiming irreparable harm from the ban and asking for a temporary nationwide restraining order blocking it.
Four additional states and multiple individual plaintiffs sue Trump over the ban. By 10 February, roughly 20 lawsuits are working their way through courts across the country.
A Washington state district court judge suspends the ban nationwide with a temporary restraining order. Travel to the US from affected countries resumes.
The justice department asks a federal appeals court for an emergency ruling to overturn the Washington state court decision. The request is denied. The appeals court asks lawyers on both sides to provide further information.
The appeals court, based in San Francisco, hears arguments by lawyers representing both the government and Washington state. Cable news carries live audio of the hearing. Tens of thousands listen online. 
The appeals court declines to block the Washington judge’s restraining order, saying the government has provided no evidence of any threat posed by travelers from the countries in question.
Supreme court – the “sooner” version
Trump’s tweet would seem to indicate that the justice department will ask the supreme court to review the appeals court decision. The supreme court could decline to do so, however, especially given the agreement of the lower courts.
“I think there’d be good reason for the court to decline, for the same reason that all of the courts have been acting, which is, the court would see there’s no urgent threat here,” said Baher Azmy, legal director of the New York-based Center for Constitutional Rights.
If the supreme court agreed to hear an emergency appeal in the case, a ruling might be expected quickly, within days, given the brisk pace of appeals so far.
But Trump may not appeal the case, Azmy said: “I don’t know politically what Trump would do. He may want to look tough and go to the supreme court. But maybe his lawyers will tell him, ‘You’ll lose,’ and that looks weak. Getting into his mind on that is anyone’s guess.”
Supreme court – the “later” version
Regardless of whether the supreme court rules on the emergency requests in the Washington case, the high court may rule at some point in the travel ban cases, perhaps to resolve a disagreement between lower courts that may develop. 
Travel ban cases are playing out in at least four federal court districts. It could take weeks or months – longer than the duration of Trump’s executive order, and long enough perhaps for supreme court nominee Neil Gorsuch to be confirmed – for a conflict in those cases to develop and rise to the high court.
Case proceeds in Washington state, and elsewhere
The district court in Washington state – the court where the temporary restraining order was issued – will continue to consider the original complaint of irreparable harm brought by the attorney general in the coming weeks and months. The process could result in a ruling “on the merits” of Trump’s travel ban, which would involve a detailed legal evaluation of the constitutional and statutory arguments in play. Such a ruling could be appealed, sending the case back up the chain to the San Francisco court. Other separate cases will proceed around the country. 



ARTICLE
A former foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump has written to congressional investigators claiming, without evidence, that his mobile phone may have been tapped last year.
Carter Page, a businessman, suggests this would support the view that the Trump campaign headquarters at Trump Tower in New York was under surveillance, since he works nearby and was a frequent visitor there.
The president has asserted in a series of tweets that Trump Tower was wiretapped by Barack Obama just before the election but did not explain his basis for the allegation, eventually calling for the House and Senate intelligence committees to investigate.
Page, like Trump, has challenged US policy towards Russia and called for warmer relations between the two countries. He visited Moscow last July and December and has not denied meeting the Russian ambassador to the US during last July’s Republican convention, where the Trump campaign successfully lobbied to drop anti-Russia language from the party platform.
In a letter addressed to Richard Burr and Mark Warner, chairman and vice-chairman of the Senate intelligence committee, Page notes media reports that secret court orders were issued last October to allow the FBI to conduct surveillance of “US persons” in an investigation of possible contacts between Russian banks and the Trump Organization.
“Having spoken in favor of some of Mr Trump’s policies on other Fox News Group programs during the 2016 campaign as a campaign surrogate and given the peaceful relationship I have had with Russian citizens since my years in the US Navy, it may be understandable why I would be an associated political target if such sick activities had indeed been committed as alleged in the previously cited media reports,” he writes.
“For your information, I have frequently dined in Trump Grill, had lunch in Trump Café, had coffee meetings in the Starbucks at Trump Tower, attended events and spent many hours in campaign headquarters on the fifth floor last year. As a sister skyscraper in Manhattan, my office at the IBM Building (590 Madison Avenue) is literally connected to the Trump Tower building by an atrium.”
Page continues: “So if prior media reports may be believed that surveillance was indeed undertaken against me and other Trump supporters, it should be essentially deemed as a proven fact that the American people’s concerns that Trump Tower was under surveillance last year is entirely correct.”
He says he keeps his cellphone on at all times except when flying, partly because of a “a chronic medical condition” that requires permanent access to a particular app.
In what is presumably a reference to the recent publication of documents by WikiLeaks showing the CIA maintains the technical capability to hack consumer devices, Page adds: “All of this is particularly relevant following recent allegations surrounding surveillance techniques.”
The Senate committee will examine Russia’s interference in the election, which intelligence agencies concluded was carried out to hurt Hillary Clinton’s campaign, and potential links between Russia and Trump’s associates. The panel has asked about a dozen individuals and organisations, including the White House, to preserve relevant materials.
The FBI is also carrying out its own separate investigation. Trump has repeatedly denied any knowledge of improper contacts and the White House has complained about a “fake narrative” being recycled.
Page, an oil and energy industry consultant who has spent significant time in Russia, told the Guardian he would be “more than happy” to testify to the Senate committee. He admitted that he had no proof that his phone was put under surveillance but denied he was attempting to put up a smokescreen, turning his fire instead on the Clinton campaign.
“My phone looks clean to me,” he wrote in an email. “More to the point and if they were indeed doing a J. Edgar Hoover-style political attack based on my beliefs, nothing I’ve ever written or said on it could be possibly construed as breaking any U.S. Law ... as per the false evidence and concocted allegations of the Lying Crooked Hillary campaign.”
Over the past year the Trump campaign and administration have issued conflicting statements over its relationship with Page.
Adam Jentleson, senior strategic adviser at the Center for American Progress Action Fund, has argued, referring to one of Page’s trips to Moscow, the change to the RNC platform and the first batch of DNC emails from WikiLeaks: “Two weeks in July 2016 show why Page could be such an important piece of the puzzle.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s decision to launch US military strikes in Syria without congressional approval has raised questions about the legality of the administration’s actions.
The president’s retaliatory strikes against the Assad regime over its use of chemical weapons earlier this week was largely met with bipartisan support in Washington. But US lawmakers and legal experts were split over whether the strikes authorized by Trump were constitutional. 
However, mostly everyone agreed: it’s complicated.
The War Powers Resolution of 1973 was designed to serve as a check on the president, requiring the commander-in-chief to consult Congress when dispatching US combat troops into an armed conflict. But it enables the president to act unilaterally in the event of “a national emergency created by attack upon the United States, its territories or possessions, or its armed forces”, which has been broadly interpreted by recent administrations while approaching international crises.
The Trump administration has been quick to point to its notification of congressional leaders in both parties, as well as certain members on the relevant committees, ahead of the president’s action on Thursday. The White House has also framed the legality of the strikes as a matter of national security and protecting against the potential threat to US forces in the region.
In 2011, the Obama administration argued its bombing campaign in Libya was within the president’s legal authority as its intent was aimed at “preserving regional stability and supporting the [United Nation Security Council’s] credibility and effectiveness”.
Under the US constitution, the president cannot declare war absent congressional approval. But recent administrations, through the use of drone strikes and so-called special operators (as opposed to ground troops), have created a decidedly lax interpretation of military involvement. 
When Barack Obama was seeking to respond to Bashar al-Assad’s use of chemical weapons in 2013, he asked Congress to authorize the use of military force through what is known as an AUMF (authorization for use of military force). But the president notably underscored that he did not require congressional approval to take limited military action, contending instead he deemed it the appropriate thing to do.
Congress did not ultimately hold a vote on a new AUMF, with many Republicans in particular taking a stance against doing so under Obama. Some argued the president had the authority to act unilaterally, seemingly not wanting to incur the political risk that has accompanied military conflict since Congress voted in favor of George W Bush’s invasion of Iraq in 2003. 
Although Obama did not proceed with military action against the Syrian regime, his administration eventually launched airstrikes in both Syria and Iraq targeted at Islamic State. For that action, lawyers in the Obama White House relied on the AUMF passed by Congress in 2001.
That AUMF provided George W Bush with the authority to exercise military action against countries, organizations and other groups involved in the September 11 attacks. Although the terrorist group in question at the time was al-Qaida, the measure has since been employed as the justification for broader military action in the Middle East as the US government has characterized Isis as an offshoot of al-Qaida.
While the Trump administration has carried forth Obama’s military campaign against Isis, the president’s authorization of 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles at a government airbase was the first US strike targeted at Assad’s regime in the six-year Syrian civil war. Though many acknowledge the 2001 AUMF has provided cover, even if questionably, to US military action in Syria, legal experts largely agree a direct attack on Assad’s military requires a new AUMF.
Trump, incidentally, advocated against Obama taking military action in 2013 and insisted on the president seeking authority from Congress: 
Mary Ellen O’Connell, a professor of international law at the University of Notre Dame, said the legality of Trump’s action “depends on which body of law is in question”.
“There’s no doubt that international law, the UN charter, prohibits the use of military force for retaliation or for reprisal, punishment,” she said. “You can only use military force in self-defense, and he did not.” 
While the president should seek authorization from both the US Senate and House of Representatives under domestic law, O’Connell acknowledged “a longstanding conflict between presidents and Congress” with respect to what military action necessitates a new AUMF. 
She also took issue with the Trump administration’s suggestion that the chemical weapons attack posed a national security threat to the US, stating: “Nobody thinks Assad could use chemical weapons on Americans.”
Matthew Waxman, a law professor at Columbia University and former national security official in the George W Bush administration, also said that the causal relationship between Assad’s strikes, Trump’s retaliatory strikes, and threats to American forces “is a pretty stretched one”.
“But all recent presidents have taken a broad view of the president’s constitutional powers to launch military strikes to protect American security interests,” he said. 
Basing the legality on humanitarian interests was also tricky under the US law, Waxman said, as “the constitutional precedents for defending American security interests are much stronger than the precedents for purely humanitarian action”.
Hina Shamsi, the director of the National Security Project at the American Civil Liberties Union, was far less equivocal. 
“The use of chemical weapons against civilians is horrific, but the fact is that President Trump’s military action violates the constitution and US treaty obligations under the UN charter,” she said. 
“There’s no legitimate domestic or international law basis for it, and it’s telling that the administration hasn’t even tried to provide one.”
Most US lawmakers were reluctant to criticize Trump’s initial response to Assad, with a majority of members of both parties declaring it important to establish that the use of chemical weapons would not be met without consequence.
But a handful of members of Congress were quick decry Trump’s action as unconstitutional. 
The Virginia senator Tim Kaine, who swiftly dubbed the strikes “unlawful” following Thursday’s announcement, said the 2001 AUMF applied to use of force against a terrorist organization but not Assad.
“I encourage the White House to bring the legal rationale promptly before us,” said Kaine, who sits on the Senate foreign relations committee, “as well as a full strategy to indicate what our posture is going to be vis-a-vis Syria.”
“The constitution is clear that Congress needs to authorize war ... If missiles landed at Andrews air force base fired by another nation, is there any doubt that we would consider it an act of war? We would consider it an act of war.”
Republicans were far more inclined to back Trump’s authority, noting that the administration had not yet outlined any pending action that would require Congress to play a role.
“He has the authority as commander-in-chief to respond to emergencies and take action,” said the Florida senator Marco Rubio, who forcefully praised Trump’s missile strikes.
Rubio, who voted against Obama’s proposed airstrikes in 2013 as part of a vote on the Senate foreign relations committee, further noted the presence of US troops in Syria, whom he said Trump was obligated to protect. 
“The presence of sarin gas and a regime willing to use it is a clear and immediate threat to those troops,” Rubio said, following a briefing with Gen Joe Dunford, chairman of the joint chiefs of staff.
Maryland senator Ben Cardin, the top Democrat on the Senate foreign relations committee, said the issue of legal authority had not been discussed during the briefing. 
“There is a strong belief that the president has inherent powers as the commander-in-chief to act on similar missions similar to what we saw yesterday,” Cardin said. 
The South Carolina senator Lindsey Graham, one of the more vocal hawks, said he believed Obama had erred by approaching Congress four years ago and was glad Trump did not follow suit.
“My advice to the president: just do it.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s nominee to oversee the US intelligence agencies has had his toughness and relevance questioned by his former colleagues on the Senate intelligence committee. 
During a long-awaited confirmation hearing to make Dan Coats, until recently an amiable GOP senator from Indiana, the next director of national intelligence (DNI), several senators wondered whether Coats possesses the grit and the influence to represent the intelligence agencies amid an ongoing row with the White House over Russia and concern over the DNI’s place in the national-security firmament.
“My only concern about your nomination is you’re one of the most likable, affable, easygoing people I’ve ever met, and I liked traveling with you and working with you on this committee. I’m not sure likability and affability are the qualities I want in this position,” said Maine independent senator Angus King.
King said he preferred “somebody who’s crusty and mean and tough”, particularly when dealing with fractious intelligence agencies and Trump, “who may or may not want to hear what you have to say”.
Oklahoma Republican James Lankford echoed King: “I really want the DNI to be able to be tough when it requires being tough and to be clear when it’s time to be clear, because the policymakers around you need clarity, need straightforward facts.” 
Coats, who was not close to Trump during the 2016 campaign, said that he had extensively discussed his position with the president and emphasized his independence. 
He said he told Trump: “‘You need to fully understand my role. My role is to provide you the best intelligence to formulate policy, not formulate policy or be a spokesman for any political decisions that are made.’ I have made this clear, and I will continue to make this clear.” 
Coats is the first DNI nominee not to come from either the professional military, intelligence community or diplomatic service. He seeks to step into his role at a fraught time for US intelligence after being on the sidelines as Trump’s early national security policies and priorities have coalesced. 
There is a palpable fear in US intelligence of being marginalized or pushed out as retaliation for assessing Russia’s interference in the 2016 election for Trump’s benefit. Those fears have been amplified by a potential intelligence review by a finance expert, Stephen Feinberg, close to chief White House strategist Steve Bannon and Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner.
Many in intelligence circles are trying to understand whether Coats will have influence with Trump or whether Trump prefers his CIA director, Mike Pompeo. Coats told senators he believed any review Feinberg conducts ought to fall under the DNI’s authority. 
Continuing a months-long feud with the US intelligence agencies, Trump has accused career intelligence officials of leaks about his associates’ closeness with Russia and castigated them as holdovers from Barack Obama’s administration. Both the House and Senate intelligence committees have begun inquiries into the Trump-Russia ties, though partisan factionalism on the panels has emerged into public view. 
Coats pledged to extensively cooperate with the congressional probes, saying the Russia question “needs to be investigated and addressed”.
Coats’s absence from policy debates, according to Capitol Hill sources, derives in part from the Senate panel opting to thoroughly vet an old colleague. But it followed reports during the transition that Trump would diminish the role of the office of the director of national intelligence, whose incumbent at the time, James Clapper, was the public face of the Trump-Russia assessment.
Though Trump aides denied those reports, Trump’s restructuring of the National Security Council through executive order removed a permanent seat for the director on the powerful principals committee and ultimately gave it to CIA director Pompeo. That restoration of the centrality of the CIA director, reversing a trend set by a 2004 structural reform emerging from the 9/11 commission, has raised questions about Coats’s relevance.
Coats said he had received verbal assurances “over and over and over” from Trump and his staff that he will have full access to the NSC committee: “I was informed that the drafting of that executive order was not intending to not have the director of national intelligence as part of the principals committee.”But under questioning, Coats appeared misinformed about a subsequent modification of the order that give Pompeo a seat. Coats said he had delivered to the White House “information as to how to modify” the NSC order – but did not know a date by which it would actually be modified. He also seemed willing to take the DNI position even without its full NSC principals-committee authorities.
“My concern is that there has been no indication or assurance given that you will, if confirmed, actually be a member of that body and I’d like to know, from you, if that does not happen, will you be prepared to still assume the responsibilities without the authority that you would have if you were a member of that body?” asked California Democrat Kamala Harris.
“I’m fully prepared to assume the responsibilities,” Coats replied.
Harris appeared puzzled: “Even if you are not – if the executive order is not modified?”
“Yes, I am. I’ve been assured that I have the authority to be a member of that committee and be at that committee at every one of its meetings,” Coats said.
“I’m perfectly comfortable with it, because I trust them and I believe what they’ve told me and I intend to do this.”
On a critical surveillance issue, Coats said he considered the reauthorization of an expiring legal authority for the National Security Agency’s surveillance dragnets a 2017 priority. But he equivocated on providing to the committee a long-sought estimate of how many Americans’ communications have been caught in those nets.



ARTICLE
As protesters prepare for nationwide demonstrations against Donald Trump’s environmental agenda, Bernie Sanders on Thursday backed legislation that would phase out the use of fossil fuels in the US by 2050.
 
“Mr President, start listening to the people and the scientists, not the greed of the fossil fuel industry,” Sanders said at a rally on Capitol Hill, where he was flanked by environmental advocates and two of his Democratic colleagues, Senators Jeff Merkley of Oregon, who authored the bill, and Ed Markey of Massachusetts.
“As you all know,” the Vermont senator and former presidential candidate told the crowd, “Donald Trump is wrong about a lot of things. But there is no area where he is more wrong than on the issue of climate change.”
Sanders added: “No, Mr President, climate change is not a hoax. Climate change is real.”
At the event, held just outside the US Capitol, Sanders, Merkley and Markey unveiled legislation which seeks to completely phase out the use of fossil fuels through a transition to 100% clean and renewable energy by the middle of this century. But the bill, called the 100 by ’50 Act, is unlikely to be considered by a Republican-controlled Congress, where many GOP lawmakers are still unwilling to acknowledge the science behind global warming and contribution of human activity.
The partisan nature of the debate was not lost on the audience, as one attendee interrupted the proceedings to ask: “Where are the Republicans?”
“We’re going to have to recruit those colleagues across the aisle,” said Merkley, who ranks among the Senate’s most progressive voices. “This is not a red or a blue issue,” he said. “There is no excuse for failure. This is the biggest test facing human civilization and we have to respond and win this battle.”
Demonstrators are set to gather in Washington for the People’s Climate March on Saturday, which will also mark the 100th day of the Trump administration. Similar marches are expected in major cities across the US, as part of a broader effort to oppose Trump’s efforts to roll back the climate initiatives put in place by Barack Obama.
The president has signaled his intentions to tear up the landmark Paris climate agreement, forged by more than 195 nations in late 2015, to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 26 to 28% over a decade.
Trump’s top aides, who are split on whether or not the US should remain part of the Paris accord, were scheduled to meet on Thursday afternoon to discuss the deal’s future. Trump’s chief of the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, is a vocal proponent of pulling out immediately.
Trump has vowed to withdraw from the Paris agreement, and has already taken steps through executive action to begin the process of overturning Obama-era environmental regulations.
Among them was a directive to the EPA to dismantle the Clean Power Plan, one of Obama’s signature climate policies to reduce carbon pollution from power plants. Trump also signed an executive order that aims to unravel the Obama rule designed to protect American waterways from pollution, and proposed in his budget draconian cuts to the EPA.
At the rally, Markey said Trump’s actions were precisely why hundreds of thousands of people felt compelled to take to the streets.
“Donald Trump [is] still saying that he’s going to issue a new executive order allowing for more oil drilling on the public lands of the United States of America,” he said, drawing jeers for the president from the crowd. “That is just completely and totally unacceptable.” 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump has cast “blame” on a federal judge who blocked a ban on travel from seven mainly Muslim countries, and said courts were making US border security more difficult, intensifying the first major legal battle of his presidency.
“Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril,” Trump tweeted on Sunday, two days after James Robart suspended his restrictions on refugees and travel and a day after a panel of judges denied the White House’s emergency appeal to reinstate the ban.
The US president tweeted: “If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!”
The US has for years had some of the most rigorous vetting for visas and refugees in the world, and airlines have said travel has not yet recovered to levels that were normal before Trump’s order.
Trump’s tweets were the latest in his running attacks on courts. Earlier on Sunday, hid vice-president Mike Pence said Trump had “every right to criticize the other two branches of government” and was not “questioning the legitimacy of the judge”.
Trump added: “I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!” 
On Sunday morning, the president’s allies scrambled to his defence while his opponents hailed the courts as a barricade against a leader who Bernie Sanders said was moving the US “in a very authoritarian direction”.
Trump, who was spending the weekend at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, had been unusually silent. The president had filled the week with morning tweets, sent like clockwork, defending his executive order to suspend travel from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days, to halt the US refugee program for 120 days, and to shut down the Syrian refugee program indefinitely. 
Signed nine days ago, the order caused chaos at airports around the US as officials detained and deported travelers who would have been allowed into the country only a day earlier, and protesters gathered.
Little more than a day after the order was signed, a federal judge in New York shut down a first provision, beginning the legal battle over whether Trump had violated the constitution’s limits on presidential power. On Friday Robart shut down the whole order temporarily. 
On Saturday, Trump attacked Robart in a number of tweets, calling him a “so-called” judge. On Sunday, after the ninth US circuit court of appeals in San Francisco rejected the government’s application for an emergency stay, Pence was sent as an emissary from the White House to several talkshows. He defended Trump’s personal attack on the judge.
“The president has every right to criticize the other two branches of government,” Pence told NBC’s Meet the Press. “I think people find it very refreshing that they not only understand this president’s mind, but they understand how he feels.”
Robart was appointed by George W Bush and confirmed to federal court by the Senate, 99-0, in 2004. Trump’s tweets against him recalled his 2016 attacks on another judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who was presiding over a fraud case against Trump that ended when the businessman agreed to pay $25m to people who accused him of running a scam university. Trump repeatedly said that Curiel, an American-born in Indiana, was biased because “he’s a Mexican”.
Pence told CBS’s Face the Nation Trump’s tweet about Robart was not a chip at the judge’s authority. “I don’t think he was questioning the legitimacy of the judge,” he said. 
The former governor of Indiana also maintained that Trump’s order would survive the courts. “We remain very confident that the president’s actions are on solid constitutional and legal grounds,” he said, adding falsely that a Boston judge had “upheld the constitutionality of the president’s actions”. 
On Friday, before the Seattle decision, a Boston court ruled narrowly in Trump’s favor on whether to extend a block on the travel ban. The courts have not yet decided whether Trump’s order is constitutional.
Like House speaker Paul Ryan, Pence also insisted that the travel ban was “not a religious test”. Attorneys arguing against the ban have noted that the text of the order allows for preference of religious minorities from the Muslim-majority countries named; that Trump has explicitly said he wants to prioritize Christian refugees; and that the president has repeatedly spoken about destroying “radical Islamic terrorism”. 
“The president was reflecting on the fact that Christians who have faced persecution across the wider Middle East,” Pence said, adding that the order was motivated by security concerns. 
Justice department lawyers have however struggled to show evidence for such fears in court. Instead, they have argued that the president has “unreviewable authority” to keep any class of non-citizen out of the country, a view that challenges the powers of the courts.
Pence said federal agencies would comply with the court orders. Some critics, however, still fear creeping authoritarianism from Trump’s White House. Chief among those warning about the balance of powers on Sunday was the independent Vermont senator Bernie Sanders, who said Congress and the courts should actively check each other and the president.
“We are a democracy, not a one-man show,” Sanders told CNN’s State of the Union. “We are not another Trump enterprise.”
He added: “We have a president I fear is moving us in a very authoritarian direction, a president who apparently has contempt for the entire judiciary.”
The senator, who rose to national prominence in a hard-fought but losing campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination, said Trump had led the US into “a dangerous and unprecedented moment in American history”. The onus would be on Republican leaders, he said, to use Congress as a shield for the liberties of ordinary Americans.
“I would hope that people like Mitch McConnell have the courage to stand up to Trump’s movement toward authoritarianism,” Sanders said.
McConnell, the Republican Senate majority leader, neither defended nor condemned Trump’s travel ban. “Courts are going to decide,” he told CNN. “Proper vetting is important to the American people, but there’s a fine line between proper vetting and interfering with proper travel and some kind of religious test.”
The White House and its other ally in Congress, Ryan, have insisted the ban is not a religious test. “We can’t shut down travel,” McConnell added. “We certainly don’t want Muslim allies who’ve fought with us in countries overseas to not be able to travel to the United States. We’ve got to be careful about this.”
The Republican leader also broke with the White House over Trump’s personal insult to a judge. “I think it’s best not to single out judges for criticism,” he said. “We all get disappointed from time to time from the outcomes of courts.”
McConnell’s caution was a sign of dissent within his party over the anti-immigrant nationalism that has emerged from Trump’s first two weeks in office. Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska, a Republican critic of Trump, took particular issue with the president’s attack on Judge Robart.
“We don’t have so-called judges, we don’t have so-called senators, we don’t have so-called presidents,” Sasse told ABC’s This Week. “We have people from three different branches of government who take an oath to uphold and defend the constitution. We have real judges.”
The ninth circuit gave Trump and the states opposing him, Washington and Minnesota, until 3pm PST on Monday to present new arguments in the case. 
According to White House reporters, the president began Sunday at his golf course in south Florida, far from the courtroom fray or the airports where refugees, visa holders and dual citizens have started to return. He spent the previous evening at a gala at his Mar-a-Lago resort, which was dressed up to themes of 18th-century aristocracy for the occasion.



ARTICLE
“Somebody put out the concept of a hundred-day plan,” Donald Trump said last week. That somebody was Donald Trump, who set out a “contract with the American voter” for his first 100 days in office during a speech in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, last October.
Despite playing it down, the president is now in a headlong rush to rack up achievements before Saturday’s milestone. The frenzy continued on Wednesday with what the White House described as the most significant tax reform since Ronald Reagan in 1986 and one of the biggest tax cuts in history for both individuals and corporations.
But to Trump’s critics it was everything they feared and predicted, a brazen plan to rob from the poor and give to the rich, which in this instance includes the president himself. The Patriotic Millionaires, a group of 200 wealthy Americans who have opposed tax cuts for their own class, issued a pithy response: “Patently absurd.”
The sweeping reforms propose reducing individual taxes from seven brackets to three and doubling the standard deduction. Simplification is likely to be seen as a boon by millions of people forced to spend hours filling in labyrinthine paperwork every year. But opponents say a proposed elimination of the estate tax would hand billions of dollars to the top 0.2%, including Trump’s own family.
Dramatic cuts in the taxes paid by both big and small corporations are intended to spur economic growth and create jobs. The top marginal tax rate would fall from 35% to 15%. Small businesses that account for their owners’ personal incomes would see their top tax rate go from 39.6% to the corporate tax rate of 15%.
But tax is fiendishly complicated and a case study in not being able to please everyone. At a packed press conference, Gary Cohn, a former Goldman Sachs president who is now Trump’s chief economic adviser, acknowledged: “This isn’t going to be easy. Doing big things never is. We’ll be attacked from the left and we’ll be attacked from the right.”
Trump got his fingers burned on healthcare when a hastily compiled bill on which he seemed vague was shot down in the House of Representatives. Tax reform could meet a similar fate, not least because it is partly contingent on knowing what new healthcare legislation will look like.
In addition, experts warn that the tax cut could reduce federal revenue by at least $2tn, swelling a national deficit that already stands at $19tn. This would be hard for many Republicans to contemplate, throwing more sand in the gears of Trump’s legislative agenda.
Joe Kennedy, a former chief economist at the commerce department and now a senior fellow at the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation thinktank, wrote in a blogpost that the plan would “add trillions of dollars to the deficit over the next decade, an issue the administration further aggravates by proposing to cut taxes on so-called ‘pass-through’ businesses”.
“The unfortunate effect of these flaws will be to divert attention away from other proposals that have a greater chance of passing Congress, which will slow progress toward much-needed tax reform to boost the US economy.”
In addition, Reagan had the advantage of bipartisan cooperation, unlike the rancour and polarisation that scars Washington today – a dysfunction that helped get “drain the swamp” Trump elected. This time, Democrats have already declared their opposition until Trump releases his own tax returns, but the treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, said on Wednesday that he “has no intention” of doing so.
Soon after, Chuck Schumer, the Democratic minority leader in the Senate, warned that the White House plan would be rejected by taxpayers of all political stripes. Progressive senator Bernie Sanders, a former presidential candidate, added that it would only make a rigged system worse and do little to help a collapsing middle class.
Democrats will also be under pressure from their progressive base to resist what is seen as an old-fashioned return to Reaganite trickle-down economics likely to entrench inequality. Trump and his cabinet – the wealthiest ever – stand to benefit.
Delvone Michael, a Tax March executive committee member, said: “Today, Donald Trump proved once again that he is looking out for himself, wealthy corporations, millionaires, and billionaires – not the American people. His plan – crafted by Wall Street for Wall Street – gives even more tax breaks to wealthy corporations and cuts the rate that corporations pay by more than half. Big companies are already swimming in profits – they don’t need extra help raking in more money.”
But for now, on Trump’s own terms, it is a case of mission accomplished. As the 100-day deadline nears, he has won the news cycle with headlines such as “biggest tax cut ever” and flashbacks to Reagan-era photos of Tom Cruise in Top Gear and world heavyweight boxer Mike Tyson. He has deflected attention from his lack of legislative achievements and the ongoing investigations into his alleged links to Russia. He will claim to be a man of action, thinking big and leaving the awkward details to others. 



ARTICLE
The US vice-president, Mike Pence, has attempted to mend fences with European leaders by pledging support for the EU, following hostile comments from Donald Trump and his supporters.
On his first visit to Brussels since assuming office, Pence said on Monday the new administration wanted to work in partnership with the EU. “It is my privilege on behalf of President Trump to express the strong commitment of the United States to continued cooperation and partnership with the European Union,” he said.
“Whatever our differences, our two continents share the same heritage, the same values and above all the same purpose, to promote peace and prosperity through freedom, democracy and the rule of law, and to those objectives we will remain committed.”
Pence’s emollient tone was in sharp contrast to the enthusiasm for Brexit shown by his boss in the White House. Trump welcomed Brexit and has said that more countries will leave the EU, which he recently described as “basically a vehicle for Germany”.
The head of the European council, Donald Tusk, welcomed Pence’s words, but challenged the Trump administration to put its promises into practice.
Tusk, describing himself as an “incurably pro-American European” who was “fanatically” devoted to transatlantic ties, told reporters he had been frank with Pence, because having heard “many new and surprising opinions” no one could pretend nothing had changed.
But he voiced optimism, after hearing what he described as Pence’s support for an international order governed by law, not force, security cooperation and the integrity of the EU. Tusk said: “In reply to these three matters, I heard today from Vice-President Pence three times ‘yes’. After such a positive declaration, both Europeans and Americans must simply practise what they preach.”
“The reports of the death of the west have been greatly exaggerated. Whoever wants to demolish that order, anticipating a post-west order, must know that in its defence we will remain determined,” he added.
An EU source described the encounter between Tusk and Pence as a “cordial and constructive meeting that [had] lasted longer than foreseen”.
Pence, a former governor of Indiana, is on the final leg of his first visit to Europe since becoming vice-president in January. On Saturday at the Munich security conference he criticised European countries for not meeting Nato defence spending pledges in a blunt message aimed primarily at Germany, France and Italy.
In Munich, he did not mention the EU, an omission remedied on Monday with a series of meetings in Brussels. As well as meeting Tusk, Pence saw the EU foreign policy chief, Federica Mogherini, and the head of the European commission, Jean-Claude Juncker. 
Following a meeting with the head of Nato, Jens Stoltenberg, Pence stepped up the White House’s message that Europe needed to meet its promise of spending 2% of national income on defence. “European defence requires European commitment as much as ours...The president expects real progress by the end of 2017,” he said referring to the target.
The vice president also voiced regret about the resignation of the US national security advisor Michael Flynn, who stood down after it emerged he had tried to cover up secret talks on easing sanctions against Russia.
“I was disappointed to learn that the facts that had been conveyed to me by General Flynn were inaccurate,” Pence said, adding that Trump’s decision to ask for his resignation was proper and had been handled in a timely way. 
Large parts of Pence’s public speaking notes, laden with references to shared values and heritage across the Atlantic, could have been written by his predecessor, Joe Biden. But he made clear that Trump intended to “search for new ground” with Moscow, while insisting that the US would continue to hold Russia accountable for enforcing the Minsk ceasefire.
His comments are unlikely to dispel the concerns of many EU leaders, who have been alarmed by Trump’s cheerleading for Brexit and travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries.
Shortly before taking office, Trump predicted that more countries would follow the British example and choose to leave the European Union. In an interview with the Brexit campaigner and Conservative MP Michael Gove, the US president also described the bloc as “basically a vehicle for Germany”, adding “that’s why I thought the UK was so smart in getting out”.
The man tipped as his preferred choice as ambassador to Brussels, Ted Malloch, has suggested that the EU may need “a little taming” and claimed that the euro will collapse in 18 months. The European parliament has urged European leaders to block his appointment. Malloch is yet to be confirmed as Trump’s choice.
Trump is expected to meet several EU leaders at the G7 summit in Italy in late May, followed by a Nato gathering in Brussels. 
EU leaders have taken differing approaches to Trump. The French president, François Hollande, and the German chancellor, Angela Merkel, have criticised Trump’s travel ban, but leaders in central Europe, such as Hungary’s Viktor Orbán and the ceremonial president of the Czech Republic, Miloš§ Zeman, have voiced approval of the US president. Theresa May has highlighted the importance of the UK’s special relationship with the US, as Britain seeks a post-Brexit trade deal. 




ARTICLE
“Historic”, “massive”, “phenomenal”. Donald Trump has pulled out all his increasingly tired superlatives to describe his plans for reforming the byzantine and bonkers US tax system. Well, good luck with that.
As he ponders his next move at Mar-a-Largo this Easter weekend, Trump will do well to remember that tax reform has a way of leaving a president with egg on his face. It’s not without reason that no commander-in-chief has achieved it since Ronald Reagan, in 1986. 
Reagan, wildly popular, didn’t pass tax reform until his second term and it took 10 tense months to pull it off. Trump, who is wildly unpopular and has yet to even appoint most of the people who would do the heavy lifting on tax reform, wants it done by summer. Say what you like about Trump, he doesn’t lack ambition.
When he accepted the Democratic presidential nomination in 1976, Jimmy Carter (the anti-Trump) called the US tax code “a disgrace to the human race”. 
“All my life I have heard promises about tax reform,” he said, “but it never quite happens. With your help, we are finally going to make it happen. And you can depend on it.” 
Forty years on, the federal tax code covers close to 75,000 pages, 187 times longer than it was a century ago. 
The main problem, according to Cato Institute senior fellow Michael Tanner, is that tax reform lies at the heart of Washington’s quagmire. “The tax code isn’t just part of the Washington swamp,” Tanner wrote recently. “It is the swamp.”
But to hear it from the Trump camp, tax is easy. After the failure to “repeal and replace” Obamacare, treasury secretary Steve Mnuchin recently told a group of financial journalists: “Healthcare is a very, very complicated issue. In a way, [tax reform is] a lot simpler. It really is.” 
Few beyond the Trumposphere would agree. But don’t worry, dear reader. As Richard Rubin, the Wall Street Journal’s tax wonk, recently pointed out, while tax policy is labyrinthine, tax reform stories are actually simple. In fact, there are only four: “It’s hard”, “What does X mean for reform?”, “What does reform mean for X?”, “Check out weird tax thing”.
When it comes to taxes, though, we’re all in favor of simplification. Right? So let’s cut Rubin’s Rules down to two: “Why is it hard?” and “What does X mean for reform?” Those are the two questions that, in the weeks to come, will keep the president padding through the corridors of power, into the wee small hours.
The White House needs a big win after its humiliating defeat over healthcare reform. In principle, everyone agrees that the US needs tax reform. The Tax Foundation’s last survey of tax competitiveness ranked the US a dismal 31st out of the 35 Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) member countries it measures. (If you really want simple taxes, move to Estonia or New Zealand). While everyone in Congress would like to see that score improve, no one agrees how. 
Trump’s plan is to cut taxes on middle-class Americans, reduce business taxes and simplify the tax code. Three tax bands will replace the current seven, with the threshold for paying tax rising and the top rate falling. 
Tax cuts that add to the national debt – that are not “revenue neutral” – have to expire after 10 years. Tax reform is more ambitious and Trump must balance the books in order to get it passed. In order to do so he has proposed cutting loopholes for the super-rich and corporations – including, perhaps, the “carried interest” loophole used by billionaire hedge funders. A one-off 10% tax on repatriating the $2.5tn corporations have sitting in cash sitting overseas would pay for some cuts, as would a controversial “border adjustment” tax on imported goods.
But even if Trump can get his pluses and minuses to balance out, the plan has to pass Congress. Democrats, hoping for a second major Trump fail, won’t give the president any votes, not least because an analysis of Trump’s plan by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center concluded it would give rich people the biggest tax cuts, with about half of the benefits going to the top 1%.
Among Republicans too, tax reform is a knotty issue. The proposed border tax has reportedly managed the unusual feat of uniting Paul Ryan, the House speaker, and Stephen Bannon, Trump’s top strategist. The tax would raise $1tn in revenue over 10 years, paying for other cuts and incentivizing US manufacturing (or so Trump argues) over overseas production. It also contains the word “border”, which should appeal to his isolationist base.
But treasury secretary Mnuchin and economic adviser Gary Cohn are against the tax, as are business leaders who argue it will effectively translate into a tax on consumers as retailers and others pass costs on to buyers. Even for Republicans, tax cuts for the rich paid for by price hikes at Walmart might prove a tough sell as the midterm elections approach.
Then there are the special interest groups and their pet politicians who will be fighting to keep their tax breaks while lobbying for new ones they’d like. Rewriting 75,000 pages of tax code will create a feeding frenzy of opportunity.
“Tax cuts are easy, tax reform is hard,” says Maya MacGuineas, president of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, a bipartisan and nonprofit organization that studies the impact of fiscal policy.
Even with the national debt now marching its way to $20tn (a credit card debt of more than $61,000 for every US citizen) MacGuineas said she saw little sign that politicians were making the tough choices needed to pass true tax reform.
“We are in a period of giveaways and politicians are reluctant to talk about hard choices,” she said.
Where X equals the Affordable Care Act, the answer is everything. Politically, Trump’s failure to make good on his promise to repeal and replace Barack Obama’s signature healthcare policy makes passing any new and major legislation both more important and more difficult. 
The rightwing Freedom Caucus played chicken with Trump’s health plans and Trump was the first to blink. His threats of retaliation look about as convincing as those of an overweight school bully who finds his “victim” has a blackbelt in jiu-jitsu. The Freedom Caucus now knows it can hold out for the tax policies it likes and will likely derail any plan that appeases the moderates.
Financially, the failure to repeal Obamacare also gives Trump a tax headache. Trumpcare (aka the American Health Care Act) could have cost 24 million Americans their health insurance, according to the Congressional Budget Office, while handing $144bn in tax cuts over the next decade to those with incomes of $1m or more by axing new taxes created under Obamacare, according to the non-partisan Joint Committee on Taxation.
It would also have shaved $337bn off the federal budget over the next decade. 
If Trump’s tax plans are to remain revenue neutral, and they will have to placate the Republican’s deficit hawks, Trump will have to find other ways to make up that saving. He will also be under pressure to shoehorn those tax breaks back in to the tax reform package.
He has pledged to go back for a second run at healthcare but to do so while tackling tax reform would risk creating a tsunami of wonk that could drown an administration that so far has shown little patience for the details.
The net result of this swamp-a-thon? The grand plan will collapse and Republicans will eventually pass a 10-year tax cut for the rich, said Cato’s Tanner. 
“They are not going to just come out and say they want tax cuts for the rich,” he said. “Tax reform sounds so much more noble.” 
But in the end? 
“I don’t think they really care about paying for those tax cuts.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump has said that he intends to launch a “major investigation into voter fraud”, as controversy continues over his false claim that millions of people voted illegally in last year’s presidential election.
The president’s tweets on Wednesday morning did not specifically state a desire to review the 2016 presidential election, which he won in the electoral college despite Hillary Clinton winning about 3m more votes.
Trump cited improper voter registration as the focus of the putative investigation. 
“I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and … even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!” he wrote in two tweets.
Trump was stung by his loss of the popular vote in last November’s presidential election and blamed it, without evidence, on votes cast by millions of illegal immigrants. 
He elaborated the falsehood in an interview late Wednesday. “You have people registered in two states. They’re registered in a New York and a New Jersey. They vote twice,” he told ABC. “There are millions of votes, in my opinion.” The president added: “Of those votes cast, none of them come to me. None of them come to me.” 
Several members of Trump’s own party have rejected the falsehood. House speaker Paul Ryan said: “I’ve seen no evidence to that effect. I’ve made that very, very clear.” Republican senator Lindsey Graham urged the president to stop damaging the credibility of America’s democracy.
Democrats were even more aggressive, sending letters to the 102 chief election officials and attorney generals in all 50 states requesting all cases in which their offices had determined that an individual who cast a vote in the November election was prohibited from doing so.
Representative Elijah Cummings, ranking member of the House committee on oversight and government reform, said: “President Trump wants a major investigation of voter fraud – well, now he has one. He continues to be obsessed with false numbers and statistics, but these are not ‘alternative facts’, and there is no evidence to support these claims.
“What is a fact is that Republicans in state houses across America have passed restrictive laws that impair the ability of legitimate voters to participate, and they use the myth of voter fraud to justify their abuses. We should be expanding the ability of legitimate voters to exercise their rights – not degrading them.”
Republican congressman Adam Kinzinger of Illinois sounded frustrated about the president’s focus when talking to reporters on Wednesday. 
“When you argue crowd size, when you argue over voter fraud, you’re taking your eye off the message and harming your ability to unify Republicans and the country,” he said, adding: “Now look, he’s president, he gets to set his own message but, if I was advising the team, I’d say ‘here’s the great things you’ve done,’” in contrast to “rabbit holes on messaging”.
His fellow Republican Jason Chaffetz of Utah, the chair of the House oversight and government reform committee, made clear he was “not planning on spending any resources” on an investigation of voter fraud and that “it’s not something [his committee is] pursuing”.
“I don’t see any evidence [of voter fraud],” Chaffetz told reporters. “But the president has 100,000 people at the Department of Justice and if he wants to do an investigation, have at it. I just don’t see any evidence of it.”
Trump’s own attorneys dismissed claims of voter fraud in a legal filing responding to Green Party candidate Jill Stein’s demand for a recount in Michigan late last year.
“On what basis does Stein seek to disenfranchise Michigan citizens? None really, save for speculation,” the attorneys wrote. “All available evidence suggests that the 2016 general election was not tainted by fraud or mistake.”
All 50 states and the District of Columbia have finalized their election results with no reports of the kind of widespread fraud that Trump is alleging, the Associated Press reported.
Later, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Trump’s planned investigation was intended “to understand where the problem exists, how deep it goes”.
Spicer did not provide many details as to what the probe would look like, calling it at one point “a task force”.
He suggested that the probe would focus on dead people who remained on the voter rolls and people registered in two or more states.
Senior White House adviser Steve Bannon is registered to vote in two different states.
In particular, Spicer singled out “bigger states” where the Trump campaign “didn’t compete” in the election. 
On Tuesday, Spicer confirmed that Trump still believes the baseless claim that millions voted illegally in the election. “The president does believe that,” he said. “He has stated that before. I think he stated his concerns of voter fraud and people voting illegally during the campaign and he continues to maintain that belief based on studies and evidence that people have presented him.”
The controversy reignited on Monday night when Trump reiterated his view to congressional leaders that millions voted illegally, according to reports. He was criticised by Democrats and some Republicans.
But Spicer insisted: “As I said, I think the president has believed that for a while based on studies and information he has.”
Pressed further, Spicer said it was “a longstanding belief” of Trump’s. “This isn’t the first time you’ve heard this concern of his. I think there have been studies. There was one that came out in 2008 that showed 14% of people who had voted were non-citizens. There are other studies that have been presented to him. It’s a belief that he maintains.”
The press secretary appeared to be referring to a Washington Post article by the political scientists Jesse Richman and David Earnest which, drawing on the Cooperative Congressional Election Study, argued that more than 14% of non-citizens in 2008 and 2010 samples indicated that they were registered to vote.
The Washington Post’s website now prefaces the article with three rebuttals, a response from the authors defending their work, and a peer-reviewed article contending that the findings “were biased and that the authors’ data do not provide evidence of non-citizen voting in US elections”.
When pressed about whether Trump would call for an investigation into what a reporter said would be the biggest scandal in American electoral history, Spicer said: “Maybe we will.” He later added: “Anything is possible. It’s a hypothetical question.”
Trump’s tweets followed the next morning.
Asked what it meant for democracy, Spicer was evasive and replied only: “It means I’ve answered your question.”
Weeks after the election, Trump insisted in a tweet that he had won the popular vote “if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally”.
Fact-checking websites and newspapers traced the claim to a two-week-old “random tweet” by a former Republican party official in Texas. Gregg Phillips claimed on 12 November to have found “more than three million votes cast by non-citizens” – but he too failed to provide evidence.
The topic was one Trump long harped on throughout the campaign with claims that the election was “rigged”.
In October, he insisted at a Wisconsin rally: “People who died 10 years ago are still voting.” Trump specifically claimed 1.8 million dead people would vote – and for “somebody else”. This appeared to be a reference to a 2012 study that found up to 1.8 million active voter registrations from deceased voters. That specific study did not provide any evidence of voter fraud or any ballots cast by the deceased. Instead, it simply illustrated that some state voter databases were out of date.
Trump had also long specifically warned of voter fraud in minority communities, specifically in Philadelphia, where Barack Obama won African American neighborhoods by overwhelming majorities in 2012. In an October rally in exurban central Pennsylvania, Trump warned the almost entirely white crowd: “Watch your polling booths, because I hear too many stories about Pennsylvania, certain areas. We can’t lose an election because – you know what I am talking about.”
There is no evidence of widespread voter fraud. Research over the last 16 years has found voter fraud to be extremely uncommon, and 2016 appeared to follow that pattern. ProPublica election monitors saw no evidence of widespread illegal voting.
The Associated Press contributed to this report



ARTICLE
In A Short History of Decay, Emile Cioran wrote that “chaos is rejecting all that you have learned. Chaos is being yourself.” In our present moment of decay, which Cioran didn’t live to see, every fresh helping of ignorance and entropy gives us reasons to wonder whether this should be hung as a motto over the White House gate.
Trump’s domestic agenda is crumbling, as is the party of which he is ostensibly a member. In international affairs he has found the only posture more dangerous than belligerence – incoherence. Unrepentant conspiracy theorists and reactionary ideologues are mainstreamed by his friends and family. And week after week we see that even large segments of the right are calling time on the whole mess. 
 
Publication:  National Review
Author:  Ian Tuttle is one of the young fogeys most recently added to the NR pipeline. After graduating in 2014 he has already had two “fellowships” which have allowed him to pump out a stream of articles aimed at NR’s standard targets (Linda Sarsour, pro-choice activists, Denmark). Now our boy is all grown up and ready to take on the task that NR used to perform so adroitly: policing the boundaries of rightwing discourse. 
Why you should read/watch:  On the face of it, the title and thrust of this article is absolutely correct. In ordinary times, such things wouldn’t need to be written. Cernovich is a professional misogynist and date rape apologist who came to prominence as a “pickup artist”, but later jumped on the “alt-right” bandwagon and has lately been pushing the Pizzagate conspiracy theory. Not long ago, arbiters of conservative respectability like NR would have been able to keep people like Cernovich beyond the pale. The fact that someone like this is being cited by Kellyanne Conway and awarded notional Pulitzers by Donald Trump Jr just confirms what observers of American conservatism have been saying for a while: the NR crowd, and “movement” conservatives in general, are no longer driving the bus. 
Excerpt:  Donald Trump might turn out to have his virtues. His presidential tenure may advance conservative policies or arrest the growth of tentacular bureaucracy. His insensitivity to criticism could help deflate the political correctness swallowing up American political culture. But it can hardly come as a surprise that the “grab-em-by-the-p” candidate has helped elevate other vulgar, amoral showmen.
Publication:  The American Conservative
Author:  Daniel Larison is a tireless critic of American military adventurism. Like many other such voices, he has found a home on Pat Buchanan’s paleoconservative hub. Buchanan’s own frequently repellent views, and the prolific reactionaries who take up so much space on his website, should not stop us tuning in to the sensible analysis that frequently appears there. 
Why you should read/watch:  A tweet from LA Times writer Matt Pearce on Wednesday morning summed the current situation up succinctly: “what is the foreign policy of the United States”. Right now we may be gearing up for shooting wars which may pit us against two nuclear-armed states – North Korea and Russia. Or we may not. It’s hard to tell. Larison’s pithy post exposes the real basis of Trump’s odd and contradictory recent pronouncements on international affairs: an antipathy to Barack Obama. 
Excerpt: Far from demonstrating any consistent interest in realpolitik, this shows how incoherent and changeable Trump’s views on most issues really are. Practically the only thing that unites all of his different views is that they are driven by reflexive hostility to anything associated with Obama, and so at this point I would half-expect Trump to order an attack on Assad’s forces just because it is the thing Obama didn’t do.
Publication:  The Washington Post
Author: Michael Gerson was once a speechwriter and confidant of George W Bush, and is the author of such tomes as Heroic Conservatism. He now has a twice-weekly column in the Post. Given his history, his current capacity to sound like a voice of reason speaks volumes about how dire our current situation is. 
Why you should read/watch:  Gerson gives us the straight dope on the GOP. They thought they could control Trump, and they can’t. They thought he would mature into his role, and he didn’t. They thought that his campaign performances were just bluster, but this is just who he is. Now his presidency is sinking with all hands on deck, and there’s nothing they can do about it. 
Excerpt:  It is now dawning on Republicans what they have done to themselves. They thought they could somehow get away with Trump. That he could be contained. That the adults could provide guidance. That the economy might come to the rescue. That the damage could be limited.
Instead, they are seeing a downward spiral of incompetence and public contempt – a collapse that is yet to reach a floor. A presidency is failing. A party unable to govern is becoming unfit to govern.
Publication: Aleteia
Author:  David Mills has some serious history on the traditionalist Catholic right. He used to be executive editor of “the conservative” flagship First Things. His last book was called Discovering Mary. A Nazi-punching antifa he is not. But his criticisms of the “alt-right” are no less sharp than many on the left, let alone the right. 
Why you should read/watch:  Mills’s critique of Richard Spencer’s “teenage boy Nietzscheanism” explicitly opposes it to Christianity, but in an interesting way. He begins by conceding that liberals he disagrees with (even pro-choice liberals) have more in common with him than Spencer, since they at least feel the need to pay lip service to a vestigial Christian morality. Spencer and his like are accursed. We don’t have to agree with any of this to see it as a wedge in the right, and in turn a possibility of isolating new fascist movements. 
Excerpt: This shows where man without God winds up: in wishing some people will die so the world will be a better place for people like you, in which you buy the “truly great life” at the cost of others’ lives. Those of us who, believing in the God who so loved the world that he gave his only son for it, value every human life? Radically dysgenic, egalitarian, multi-racial human rights thumpers. But then we follow the radically dysgenic, egalitarian, multi-racial human rights thumper who said “Let the little children come to me.”
Publication:  Infowars
Author:  Sadly, we’re well past the point at which Alex Jones would have needed any introduction. 
Why you should read/watch:  At some time in the distant past, it may have been possible to see Jones as no more than a kooky meme machine. Before his association with Trump and his self-reinvention as a regime propagandist, he might have seemed like harmless enough fun. More recently, any remaining illusions along those lines have become impossible to sustain. When he’s not going out of his way to show how conspiracy theory tends to terminate in antisemitism, he’s indulging in rants like the one he unleashed on Tuesday. Here, he responds to (admittedly poorly founded) accusations that he is a Russian intelligence asset with a white-hot stream of homophobic anger. His guest during this outburst is Roger Stone – who, along with Jones, is in Trump’s caravan. These are the president’s people, and this is the discursive swamp they dwell in. 
Excerpt:  With due warnings about profanity and homophobia, you can hear the rant here. At the time of writing, oddly enough, Jones’s own YouTube channel had removed the full show. 



ARTICLE
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser because of his contacts with the Russian ambassador to Washington and his subsequent attempts to cover up the true nature of those contacts.
But his resignation is unlikely to mark the end of the Trump administration’s crisis of legitimacy over its relationship with Moscow. The manner of this matter suggests that this is only the beginning.
Flynn is the third Trump acolyte forced out over the question of links to the Russian government of Vladimir Putin. Paul Manafort, the former campaign manager, and Carter Page, a businessman Trump described as an adviser, both left last summer after reports surfaced about their contacts with the Kremlin. 
The question of the true nature of the relationship between the president and Putin – who Trump once claimed to have met and later denied knowing – hung over his campaign and now looms over his presidency.
Many administrations have rocky starts, but there has never been a case of a national security adviser being forced to leave in less than a month. It has broken through the aura of impunity around the Trump White House and emboldened critics in their demands to know what the president knew and when he knew it.
“Trump may think Flynn is the sacrificial lamb, but the reality is that he is the first domino. To the extent the administration believes Flynn’s resignation will make the Russia story go away, they are mistaken,” said Susan Hennessey, a former NSA lawyer. 
“Flynn’s resignation validates the suspicions of many in Washington that something is seriously amiss with regard to President Trump’s ties to Russia. This is the third member of Trump’s circle to be pushed out over Russia-linked scandals,” she said. 
“This is only going to increase pressure from both the public and Congress demanding a full accounting of the nature of Trump’s connections to Russia both now and during the campaign.”
Trump clearly fought to keep his national security adviser in place, confident in his control of the executive branch and the grip of Republican loyalists on Congress. 
The Washington Post reported on Monday that former acting attorney general Sally Yates informed him last month that Flynn’s misleading statements to Vice-President Mike Pence and other officials could leave him open to Russian blackmail. But it was Yates who was sacked, over her refusal to defend Trump’s travel ban, not Flynn. 
The US intelligence agencies struck back, however, through an ever greater flow of leaks to the press, until Flynn’s position was untenable. The same leaks also suggest that the foundations of the whole administration are shaky. 
Intelligence officials were quoted as saying that Flynn’s communications with the Russian ambassador to Washington, Sergei Kislyak, dated back to before the election, adding to the pile of unanswered questions about possible collusion between the Trump campaign and an operation, run by Vladimir Putin himself according to US intelligence agencies, to steer the US presidential election in Trump’s favour. 
Flynn fell because he appears to have talked to Kislyak about measures the Obama administration was about to impose on Moscow at the end of December, including the expulsion of FSB intelligence officers, in retaliation for the interference in the election. According to the reports, he gave the impression that the sanctions would not last long, with the Trump administration less than three weeks from office.
Putin’s muted response took the Obama White House by surprise. He did not carry out tit-for-tat expulsions, but made a point of inviting the children of US diplomats in Moscow to the Kremlin for Christmas parties. Trump showed his approval in a 30 December tweet saying: “Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!”
Michael McFaul, a former US ambassador to Moscow, said: “This tweet does kind of make one wonder if the president-elect knew about the contents of Flynn conversation on sanctions with Kislyak.”
Numerous reports suggest that Trump did indeed intend to lift sanctions on Moscow and that executive orders were drafted to that effect in his first week in the White House, only to be deferred after protests from congressional Republicans, who have since started work on legislation that would take control over such sanctions out of the president’s hands. Theresa May also signaled her government’s determination that the sanctions should stay when she visited Washington. 
But despite such concerted resistance from natural allies, Trump has persevered in defending Putin. When ultra-conservative talkshow host Bill O’Reilly suggested to Trump that Putin was “a killer”, the president replied: “There are a lot of killers. You think our country’s so innocent?” 
Trump’s refusal to criticise Putin and his hurry to lift sanctions on Russia have still not been explained. In a leak to CNN on Friday, intelligence officials indicated that they have confirmed at least some of the allegations contained in a set of reports given to the FBI by a former MI6 officer, Christopher Steele, last year. 
They said could not corroborate the suggestion in the Steele reports that Russian intelligence had personally compromising material on Trump from his behaviour on trips to Russia, but that they had independent evidence of contacts between individuals in Trump’s entourage and Russian officials. 
The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (Fisa) court is reported to have granted a wiretap warrant in mid-October to allow the justice department’s national security division to look into contacts between two Russian banks and Trump associates. 
Those investigations appear to be continuing but within the hostile environment of an executive controlled from the Trump White House. However, intelligence officials have now signalled that they are prepared to leak aggressively if they feel they are being muzzled. 
Ultimately, the fundamental questions about Trump’s links with Russia may only be answered in Congress. The Senate intelligence, armed services and foreign relations committees, as well as the House intelligence committee, have all voiced intentions to look into the allegations, and subpoena top officials if necessary. But so far those enquiries have not properly got off the ground in the face of Republican reluctance to maim an executive that is fast-tracking much of the party’s social, economic and fiscal agenda. 
If the leaks continue at their present rate, however, it is possible than congressional Republicans will flip, and decide that Trump is more of a liability than an asset. That moment has not been reached yet, but the fall of Flynn has brought it closer. 



ARTICLE
US statisticians are concerned that Donald Trump’s administration might suppress or manipulate public statistics that don’t fit his narrative of the truth, the Guardian has learned. In a series of interviews, individuals who have recently left high-level positions at federal statistical agencies expressed worry that the administration may stop collecting and publishing data on subjects such as abortion, racial inequality and poverty. 
“We should all be starting from the same numbers. I think that’s a fear that many of us have at this point – it’s that picking and choosing your numbers to suit your politics is not the way that we ought to be doing it,” said Katherine Wallman, chief statistician of the United States from 1992 to 3 January this year.
Wallman, like other statisticians the Guardian spoke to, believes that a number system which consists of accurate, publicly available government data is currently under threat.
In a press conference on Monday, the White House spokesman, Sean Spicer, told journalists: “The president, he’s not focused on statistics as much as he is on whether or not the American people are doing better as a whole.” But without statistics, measuring how “the American people are doing” is simply a matter of opinion. 
It’s not the first time the president’s team has questioned public data. In August, the then presidential candidate described the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) unemployment numbers as “phoney”, claiming: “The 5% figure is one of the biggest hoaxes in American modern politics.” In the same speech, Trump suggested alternative data, adding: “The number’s probably 28, 29, as high as 35. In fact, I even heard recently 42%.”
During the first week of his presidency, external communication by the EPA and the interior, agriculture and health departments was halted.
Speaking on the phone in the first days of her retirement, Wallman explained that many new administrations “don’t necessarily understand the autonomy of the statistical agencies”. Other statisticians have described a range of ways in which public data might be influenced by the Trump administration.
The most frequently cited is simply the defunding of specific statistical programs. This is already under way. Two Republican-sponsored bills are attempting to nullify a 2015 housing regulation aimed at addressing racial segregation in cities such as Baltimore and Chicago, simply by halting data collection. The new bills, which together are titled the Local Zoning Decisions Protection Act of 2017, state that “no Federal funds may be used to design, build, maintain, utilize, or provide access to a Federal database of geospatial information on community racial disparities”.
Defunding public data is also an effective tool in silencing activists. As a former Census Bureau employee explained: “You can’t talk about discrimination if there’s no data there to support it.” The employee, like most of the statisticians the Guardian spoke with, asked not to be named for fear that they would not be able to work for federal agencies in the future. 
But many statisticians believe that economic indicators are likely to be protected from possible manipulation by the administration because the business community relies so heavily on accurate numbers. Indeed, Erica Groshen, the outgoing head of the BLS, expressed the most optimism of any of the statisticians interviewed.
Groshen had already handed in her government ID and cleared out her desk when she spoke to the Guardian on Friday. As the only political appointee in the BLS, it was Groshen’s last day in her four-year job. When asked about some of the risks cited by other statisticians – the increasing role of the private sector in public data collection, changes in methodologies which could make numbers appear more favorable – Groshen was confident in repeatedly asserting “the BLS is independent of the administration”.
When asked if she had spoken to Trump’s new administration, Groshen said: “We have had a number of conversations with him and them in different venues and they have asked questions.” She continued: “One I remembered was whether we were part of the normal budgetary process. Then there were other questions about what the release schedule looked like.”
Groshen said her biggest worry is about cuts to the department: “We had a major cut in 2013; we hadn’t been doing very well [financially] before that.” This year, the department expects to be underfunded by about $30m on a budget of $609m.
Current coping mechanisms for dealing with budget shortfalls are dangerous, according to Groshen. “You can keep positions unfilled for a while but when you do that, you risk two things: one is obviously irrelevance because you’re not keeping up with the times and the other is you’re raising the risk of some kind of operational failure.” Isaac Shapiro, a fellow at the nonpartisan Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, said data such as the supplemental poverty measure, used to assess safety net programs, is among the statistics most at risk of inaccuracy if budget cuts cause staff to take cheap shortcuts in data collection.
Funding isn’t the only concern, though. One economist who worked at a federal statistical agency from 2009 until 2016, and who also asked not to be named, explained: “The administration can and probably will start adding onerous requirements for vetting before information is released to the public.”
Wallman has thoughts about what that vetting could look like. In her 25 years as chief statistician, Wallman said she was not aware of efforts by politicians to change the data, “but then there’s the interpretation and presentation of the data and I am aware of occasions where policy folks have thought it was appropriate to change the things that were featured in a press release, or take out specific bullets that they thought were unattractive, or change the timing of the release because it might be inconvenient in terms of a policy that a cabinet official wished to announce.” Wallman added: “I am concerned about that over the next week.”
There are also concerns about the increasing involvement of the private sector in public data collection. Kenneth Prewitt, former director of the US Census Bureau and currently professor of public affairs at Columbia University, posited a scenario in which a private company was responsible for population counts and its methodology was not publicly available. Then, Prewitt explains, it’s possible that the company would use less rigorous methods that could “count some people twice and others not at all. And if you can leave people out of the census selectively, you can actually affect, eventually, the drawing of legislative boundaries at the local level, the state level and of course at the federal level.”
According to Prewitt, there are simple ways to make adjustments to the way data is calculated that affects the final numbers.
“What people do not understand,” he explained: “If you control the denominator, you control everything.” 
Denominators are used in virtually every single public statistic. For example, the Census Bureau publishes data which shows that one in four US Hispanics lives in poverty (specifically, 11.2 million out of 48.2 million Hispanics in the US). To change that statistic, you can either change people’s lives or, more simply, you can change the way that you count who is and who is not Hispanic – then, the statistic can become one in three, one in 10, one in whatever.
As a former Census Bureau statistician explained, once you change the statistics, “you can write your own narrative. You can tell people how sick they are or how safe they are.”



ARTICLE
For his second pass at an executive order temporarily banning travel to the United States from Muslim-majority countries, Donald Trump has made some basic revisions. Unlike the original travel ban, issued in January, the new ban does not apply to permanent US residents or to citizens of Iraq – although “additional scrutiny” is called for in the latter case.
The new ban, which you can read here, makes subtler exceptions, too. Here is a list of groups not covered by the ban issued Monday, according to the fine print.
Note: if you are planning travel to the United States and are concerned about your status, consult with a legal professional.
Nine kinds of hardship cases are contemplated:



ARTICLE
Hawaii has become the first state to file a lawsuit against Donald Trump’s revised travel ban, saying the order will harm its Muslim population, tourism and foreign students.
Attorneys for the state filed the lawsuit against the US government on Wednesday in the federal court in Honolulu. The state had sued over Trump’s initial travel ban, but that lawsuit was put on hold while other cases played out across the country.
Trump’s new executive order, signed on Monday, bars new visas for people from six Muslim-majority countries and replaces an initial order issued on 27 January, which was chaotically rolled out and subsequently halted by a federal court following a barrage of legal challenges from states and advocate groups across the country.
The new order sought to alleviate some of these complaints by offering exemptions to lawful permanent US residents and current visa holders from the six countries – Yemen, Somalia, Sudan, Iran, Syria and Libya – as well as staggering the timeframe of implementation. 
But the state of Hawaii argues in an amended complaint that the new order remains incompatible with freedom of religion protections in both the state and federal constitutions, will harm the state’s economy and educational institutions, and would prevent Hawaiians with family members in the six targeted countries from reuniting.
“Given that the new executive order began life as a ‘Muslim ban’, its implementation also means that the state will be forced to tolerate a policy that disfavours one religion and violates the establishment clauses of both the federal and state constitutions,” the complaint states.
Hawaii’s attorney general, Douglas Chin, said nothing of substance had changed in Trump’s revised order. “There is the same blanket ban on entry from Muslim-majority countries (minus one) and the same sweeping shutdown of refugee admissions (absent one exception) and lawless warren of exceptions and waivers,” Chin said.
“Hawaii is special in that it has always been non-discriminatory in both its history and constitution,” he added said. “Twenty per cent of the people is foreign-born, 100,000 are non-citizens and 20% of the labour force is foreign-born.”
Chin said people in Hawaii find the idea of a travel ban based on nationality distasteful because they remember when Japanese Americans were sent to internment camps during the second world war. Hawaii was the site of one of the camps. People in Hawaii know that the fear of newcomers can lead to bad policy, Chin said.
On Wednesday, Judge Derrick Watson granted the state permission to refile the amended motion for a new restraining order on Trump’s second ban. 
The government has been instructed to file a response to the motion by 13 March, with a date in court set for 15 March at 9.30am Hawaiian time, just hours before the second executive order will come into full force. 
Imam Ismail Elshikh of the Muslim Association of Hawaii, a plaintiff in the state’s challenge, said the ban will keep his Syrian mother-in-law from visiting. “The family is devastated,” the filing said.
It remains unclear whether other states that challenged Trump’s first ban will follow Hawaii’s lead. The Washington state attorney general, Bob Ferguson, said on Monday he was “carefully reviewing” the new order. As of Wednesday morning, Ferguson had filed no new motions in the case. 
The New York state attorney general, Eric Schneiderman, also said on Monday he was “closely reviewing the new order” but has yet to announce any further action. 
Carl Tobias, a professor at the University of Richmond Law School, said Hawaii’s complaint seemed in many ways similar to Washington’s successful lawsuit, but whether it would prompt a similar result was tough to say.
He said he expected the judge, an appointee of Barack Obama who was a longtime prosecutor, to be receptive to “at least some of it”.
Given that the new executive order spells out more of a national security rationale than the old one and allows for some travellers from the six countries to be admitted on a case-by-case basis, it will be harder to show that the new order is intended to discriminate against Muslims, Tobias said.
“The administration’s cleaned it up, but whether they have cleaned it up enough I don’t know,” he said. “It may be harder to convince a judge there’s religious animus here.”
Tobias also said it was good that Hawaii’s lawsuit included an individual plaintiff, considering that some legal scholars have questioned whether the states themselves have standing to challenge the ban.
Associated Press contributed to this report



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s deputy national security adviser, KT McFarland, is expected to step down and has been offered the position of ambassador to Singapore, a US official told Reuters on Sunday.
The news came at the end of a week of major foreign policy developments, including a missile strike on Syria and diplomatic and military moves against North Korea, in which Trump removed his chief strategist, Steve Bannon, from the national security council.
Bannon’s removal, amid reports of infighting between the former Breitbart publisher and Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, was made at the urging of HR McMaster. The lieutenant general is reshaping the team he inherited from the retired general Michael Flynn, who resigned as Trump’s first national security adviser.
Flynn was forced to resign on 13 February over his contacts with Russia’s ambassador to the US, Sergey Kislyak, during Trump’s campaign.
McFarland, 65, is a former national security analyst for Fox News and was one of Trump’s first hires after he was elected president in November.
Her removal from the NSC represents a further effort to depoliticise the body and distance the administration from any connection to Flynn. McFarland was reported to have initially resisted but later accepted the reassignment. An official speaking on condition of anonymity told the Associated Press the administration was still awaiting approval from Singapore. The post requires Senate confirmation. 
Such a move will elevate Dina Powell, a former Goldman Sachs executive who worked for the George W Bush administration and for Republicans in Congress and who has been serving as deputy national security adviser for strategy. 
At Goldman, Powell led the bank’s not-for-profit foundation and oversaw the 10,000 Women initiative, a mentoring and networking program. On Trump’s transition team, she worked with Ivanka Trump on issues related to entrepreneurship, small businesses and women’s empowerment.
Powell, who speaks Arabic, having moved to the US from Egypt at the age of four, was also reportedly asked by Kushner, Ivanka Trump’s husband, to suggest ways private sector ideas could inform the overhaul of the federal government with which he has been tasked.
 Powell’s ascent is part of an apparent White House power shift away from arch-conservatives like Bannon and towards the more liberal-minded Kushner and Ivanka Trump.
News of McFarland’s likely reassignment came at the end of significant foreign-policy focused week. Trump ordered missile strikes against a Syrian airbase that drew praise in many parts of the world and staged a Florida summit with Chinese president Xi Jinping.
Whether such moves can start to put an end to reports of factional infighting within the administration remains to be seen. 
On Saturday, a senior administration official said Bannon and Kushner had agreed to “bury the hatchet”, in a bid to stop infighting that has distracted from Trump’s message.
However, other figures with knowledge of the administration’s political makeup told news outlets Reince Priebus’s job as chief of staff could be under threat if he is unable to stop the feuding.



ARTICLE
Steve Bannon, the man seen as the power behind Donald Trump’s throne, has declared that the president will take the US back from a “corporatist, globalist media” that opposes his brand of economic nationalism.
Trump is “maniacally focused” on fulfilling his campaign pledges, Bannon warned, predicting a daily fight against the media he has branded as the opposition party. 
“The mainstream media ought to understand something: all those promises are going to be implemented,” Bannon told a gathering of thousands of conservatives near Washington on Thursday, who feted him and the White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus.
Bannon is a liberal bete noire whose confrontational, populist brand of Republican politics also upends decades of conservative orthodoxy. He has emerged as Trump’s most powerful aide and been dubbed “Trump’s Rasputin” or, in Twitterspeak, #PresidentBannon. On Thursday, he stepped out of the shadows to make rare public remarks.
He painted a picture of the White House at war with vested interests in the media. “The corporatist, globalist media are adamantly opposed to an economic nationalist agenda that Donald Trump has.”
“He’s going to continue to press his agenda and as economic conditions get better, as more jobs get better, they’re going to continue to fight..
“Every day is going to be a fight. That is the promise of Donald Trump … All the people who’ve came in and said you’ve got to moderate. Every day in the Oval Office he tells Reince and I: ‘I committed this to the American people, I promised this when I ran, and I’m going to deliver on this.’”The crowd at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) erupted in cheers and applause, with some delegates standing and punching the air.
Bannon, 63, cut a casual figure with a dark open-necked shirt and light beige trousers on stage alongside Priebus, in a more traditional suit and tie, as the pair made their latest attempt to bury reports of discord. “We’re basically together from 6.30 in the morning to 11 at night,” Priebus said.
But Bannon, who described his own West Wing office as the “war room”, soon launched into his attacks on the media. “If you look at the opposition party and how they portrayed the campaign, how they portrayed the transition, how they portrayed the administration, it’s always wrong.”
Priebus, seeking to explain Trump’s win, said: “What we were starving for was somebody real, somebody genuine, somebody who actually was who he said he was.”
Bannon gave a clear insight into the way the Trump team is approaching its rightwing agenda, setting out three “verticals”: national security and sovereignty; economic nationalism; and “deconstruction of the administrative state”.
 He added: “One of the most pivotal moments of modern American history was his immediate withdrawal from TPP [Trans-Pacific Partnership].”
Bannon is a near-constant presence every time cameras cover a Trump press conference or follow the president into the Oval Office. He has gained a place on the “principals committee” of the National Security Council, elevating him above the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff and the director of national intelligence.
Dan Cassino, a political scientist at Fairleigh Dickinson University, said: “It seems like we are getting his ideas coming out of Donald Trump’s mouth to a great extent. 
Crucially, Cassino argues, Bannon determines what media Trump consumes and shapes his worldview. “The information flow seems to be going through Breitbart and Fox News rather than through the national security apparatus. That’s troubling.”
CPAC, which draws more than 10,000 conservative activists each year, has not traditionally been natural Trump turf. He was booed when he appeared in 2011.
On the equivalent opening morning last year, speaker after speaker studiously avoided mentioning Trump, who at that time was busy upending the Republican primary race. He was well behind Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio in a straw poll of delegates and pulled out of his scheduled speech, anticipating a hostile crowd.
The president is due to address CPAC on Friday in wholly different circumstances. “Well, I think by tomorrow this will be TPAC,” said Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser to Trump. 
A few “Make America Great Again” caps were visible among the attendees but establishment Republican senators, congressmen and governors were relatively scarce. 
The pro-Trump Breitbart News was prominent. The tone was triumphant and aggressive, championing gun ownership rights and tough law enforcement while criticising and mocking liberals.
But tensions were clear as Dan Schneider, leader of the American Conservative Union, took the stage to denounce the “alt-right”, the rebranding of the far right that has been accused of racism, Islamophobia and neo-Nazism. “There is a sinister organization that is trying to worm its way into our ranks and we must not be duped,” he told the audience. 
“That term – alt-right – it had been used for a long time in a very good and normal way, but this group has hijacked it.”
A short distance away, outside the main hall, the prominent white nationalist Richard Spencer, wearing a general admission badge, told reporters that he “coined the term” alt-right and rejected Schneider’s criticism.
“He didn’t even do basic research on what the alt-right is and he denounced it,” Spencer complained. “That’s pretty pathetic … He just called us names.”
Asked if he feels he now has an ally in the White House, Spencer said: “In terms of Donald Trump, I would say that it’s not so much that he’s alt-right, it’s that he’s a nationalist and a populist and so he’s connected to us on that basic level. He doesn’t articulate our ideas – he’s not an identarian – but his arrow points in our direction.”
Challenged about a salute he gave last November, he said: “‘Heil Trump!’ was a moment of exuberance. It was an ironical statement.”
As Spencer talked to a large group of reporters, a delegate who gave his name as “Grizzly Joe”, wearing a stars and stripes shirt, confronted him angrily: “Get the fuck out of here. You don’t represent us. You’re a piece of shit. I hope everybody got that. You’re a fucking piece of shit. He’s a fucking white supremacist piece of shit.”
Spencer was escorted out by security soon after. He posted a video online saying he was “politely asked to leave”.
Vice-President Mike Pence closed out the first day of the conference on Thursday evening to a rapturous reception from the crowd, which often rose to its feet amid the former Indiana governor’s remarks.
Pence’s speech echoed the themes he took to the campaign trail – sharing in his boss’s pledge to “Make America Great Again” but offering little in the way of specifics. Pence, like Trump, also gloated about how their insurgent campaign had succeeded despite being written off by opponents.
“President Trump turned the blue wall red,” Pence said of Trump’s success in the so-called Rust Belt states that were long a stronghold of Democrats. 
“You know what? The establishment never saw it coming.”
His remarks were characteristic of the Trump administration’s continuance of the campaign. Last week, Trump returned to the stump with a rally in Florida.
And on Thursday, Pence played the role of Trump’s dutiful lieutenant, furthering the narrative that the president was already succeeding even as a new CBS poll found that six in 10 Americans did not feel Trump understood the complicated problems a president must face. 
Thursday’s speakers also included the Wisconsin governor Scott Walker, Texas senator Ted Cruz, and education secretary, Betsy DeVos. Breakout sessions included such topics as “Fake climate news camouflaging an anti-capitalist agenda – and what President Trump plans to do about it”.
CPAC also means merchandise. This year the products include The Deporables’ Guide and Godless America, and T-shirts with slogans including “Border wall construction” and “God is great, beer is good & liberals are crazy”.
Meanwhile, America’s deep divisions were laid bare in a powerful article published by the Atlantic magazine under the headline “I was a Muslim in Trump’s White House”. In it, Rumana Ahmed says she was the only hijab-wearing Muslim woman in the West Wing under the Obama administration and always felt welcome and included.
But when she continued to work for the national security council under Trump, the new staff looked at her with “cold surprise”, she recalls. “The diverse White House I had worked in became a monochromatic and male bastion.”
“This was not typical Republican leadership, or even that of a businessman. It was a chaotic attempt at authoritarianism.”
Ahmed quit after just eight days. “When Trump issued a ban on travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries and all Syrian refugees, I knew I could no longer stay and work for an administration that saw me and people like me not as fellow citizens, but as a threat.”



ARTICLE
This week we found that even the lanyard set are impressed by the fact that protests and direct action are constraining Donald Trump’s capacity to act.
In the wake of these successes, some on the right are offering the left advice about how to comport themselves at these events – but do we want it? Having put Iran “on notice”, the administration is risking the ire of erstwhile supporters, amid questions about how the US has conducted recent wars under less chaotic regimes. And we’re getting more opportunities to consider the batshit curriculum that people such as Steve Bannon have imbibed on their way to the administration of a superpower. 
Publication: Curtis Yarvin, AKA Mencius Moldbug
Author: Yarvin is a key thinker in the so-called “neoreactionary” movement. From around 2007, Yarvin, a computer scientist, started producing a body of work which rejected liberal precepts of equality, progress and democratic government. His elitist prescriptions found favor with other Silicon Valley weirdos, notably sea-steading blood enthusiast Peter Thiel, who has financially backed Yarvin’s startup. 
Why you should read it: Last week, Politico published a list of thinkers who have allegedly influenced Steve Bannon, and Yarvin’s work was described as “laying the theoretical groundwork for Trumpism”. In this (admittedly long and dense) blogpost, Yarvin/Moldbug dismisses a belief in democratic suffrage as a quaint superstition, and implicitly promotes the idea of oligarchy in the name of efficiency. If, as Politico suggests, he really does have an indirect line to the White House chief strategist, we should know that it’s likely that Bannon sees democracy primarily as an obstacle. 
Extract: “And, if our goal is really just the faithful execution of a trust, why assume that electoral suffrage of any sort is the most effective way to constitute it? Surely the shareholders of Google have entrusted its management with a tremendous trust – $170 billion worth, last time I checked. Surely this is worth as much as Georgia, or at least Georgia in the 1870s. How does Google just skate along without any suffrage at all, whereas Georgia needs elections? And which trust would you guess is more effectively exercised?”
Publication: Joe Rogan Experience (podcast)
Host: Joe Rogan has one of the most downloaded podcasts in the world. He began it in 2009 after stints in standup and TV comedy and, later, as a UFC announcer. Last week he brought in Austin’s own doyen of multimedia conspiracy culture and, latterly, Trumpism, for episode #911 of his show. He and Alex Jones are longtime friends, so you could say it was an inside job. 
Why you should listen: “Answer not a fool according to his folly,” it says in Proverbs, “lest thou also be like unto him.” Jones’s appearance on Rogan’s show is a cautionary tale. Rogan tries to push back on Jones’s talk of “psychic vampires” and “globalist combines” for a while, but the idea that everything is connected turns out to be virulently contagious. 
Extract: Go to 6:35 in the YouTube snippet of the podcast, and listen to Rogan’s initial scepticism about elite paedophile rings collapse under Jones’s of torrent of half-truths and arrant nonsense. 
Publication: The Atlantic
Author: As I explained last week, David Frum coined “Axis of Evil” as a George W Bush speechwriter, supported the invasion of Iraq, recanted (sort of) but later seemed to suggest that he was right all along. Nevertheless, he has for some time occupied a perch as a moderate conservative at the Atlantic. 
Why you should read it: There is a lot of debate on the left at the moment about what the appropriate tactics and targets are for protesting against the Trump administration. Frum offers some advice: make over protests with patriotic iconography, limit demands and don’t neglect what Weber called the “strong and slow boring of hard boards” outside protests. “The more conservative protests are, the more radical they are,” he argues. 
The idea is that to build a mass movement in America, you mustn’t alienate what Frum sees as core American values. For better or worse, few on the left will be persuaded by these recommendations, from this source. But as a spectacle, this column is instructive. Perhaps the most striking thing about Trumpism is that it has so thoroughly rehabilitated some of the people whose adventurism started us down the road to this mess. Strange days. 
Extract: “Midlife brings strange changes to us all. After a lifetime of viewing demonstrations from the other side of the barricades, I was one of the many who admired the orderly commitment and resolution of the women’s march on Washington the day after President Trump’s inauguration. Yet my admiration is mixed with worry. As I step through the police lines, I bring a message with me: Your demonstrations are engineered to fail. They didn’t stop the Iraq war. They won’t stop Donald Trump.”
Publication: The American Conservative
Author: Pat Buchanan started in politics as a Nixon opposition researcher and then as Reagan’s director of communications. Later, he ran as a proto-Trump “paleoconservative” Republican in 1992 (when he made a few early inroads in primaries) and 1996. In 2000, he headed the Reform party ticket. He never got on with movement conservatives – they charged him with antisemitism, he accused them of betraying “America first” conservatism. He later started the American Conservative, and there (and in his role as a media commentator) he has been a reliable Trump booster. Until now. 
Why you should read it: Eventually, Trump plays everyone. Buchanan’s support was premised on the idea that Trump, like him, was some kind of isolationist. There’s a hint of panic in this piece that tries to make sense of Michael Flynn’s saber-rattling at the Islamic republic. Trump’s nihilistic slipperiness on every matter of principle may have gained him supporters during the campaign. But in office it seems to be exacting a cost. The question is whether this comeuppance is happening too late to avert disaster. 
Extract: “Is the United States making new demands on Iran not written into the nuclear treaty or international law – to provoke a confrontation? Did Flynn coordinate with our allies about this warning of possible military action against Iran? Is NATO obligated to join any action we might take? Or are we going to carry out any retaliation alone, as our NATO allies observe, while the Israelis, Gulf Arabs, Saudis and the Beltway War Party, which wishes to be rid of Trump, cheer him on?”
Publication: Military Times
Author: Shawn Snow and Andrew DeGrandpre are reporters and editors at the military “trade” outlet Military Times. Snow is a Marine Corps veteran. 
Why you should read/listen: Trump is having his laugh-a-minute press sec, Sean Spicer, oscillate between lying to the press corps and berating them. Washington stories may become wholly dependent on leaks. The big scoops of Trump’s years in power may emerge in unusual venues that progressives aren’t used to reading, and from reporters whose skills are geared to a specialist audience. The Military Times’s primary audience are those currently serving in the US military or veterans – people with a reputation for conservative politics. But this remarkable story suggests that the US military has been undercounting the number of airstrikes on foreign nations, perhaps as far back as 2001. We have been fighting a hot war in the Middle East for a generation. If the story is true, then put simply, we have no real idea what has been done in our name. 
Extract: “Most alarming is the prospect this data has been incomplete since the war on terrorism began in October 2001. If that is the case, it would fundamentally undermine confidence in much of what the Pentagon has disclosed about its prosecution of these wars, prompt critics to call into question whether the military sought to mislead the American public, and cast doubt on the competency with which other vital data collection is being performed and publicized. Those other key metrics include American combat casualties, taxpayer expense and the military’s overall progress in degrading enemy capabilities.”



ARTICLE
A British Muslim schoolteacher travelling to New York last week as a member of a school party from south Wales was denied entry to the United States.
Juhel Miah and a group of children and other teachers were about to take off from Iceland on 16 February on their way to the US when he was removed from the plane at Reykjavik. The previous week, on the 10 February, a US appeals court had upheld a decision to suspend Donald Trump’s executive order that temporarily banned entry to the country from seven Muslim-majority countries.
The trip proceeded as planned but pupils and colleagues from Llangatwg comprehensive in Aberdulais were left shocked and distressed after the maths teacher, who had valid visa documentation, was escorted from the aircraft by security personnel. 
Miah, 25, from Swansea, said he was made to feel like a criminal and was so worried by what happened to him that he did not eat or sleep for two days. He told Wales Online that shortly before the flight was due to leave he was approached by an official who told him he could not board the plane.
“Everyone was looking at me,” Miah said. “As I was getting my luggage the teachers and kids were confused. I couldn’t believe this was happening. I was being escorted out. It made me feel like a criminal. I couldn’t speak, I was lost for words.
 “We got to the airport, and as soon as we got to check in, the lady behind the desk read my passport and then straight away said you’ve been selected for a random security check. 
 “She took me to the room, made me stand on a stool, take my shoes off, jacket off, checked under my foot, got a swab to brush over my hand and bag, my clothing and school hoodie. They gave me the all clear and then I went. The search was about five minutes. There were five or six people in the room, two searched me.”
 He was taken to a hotel. “I was waiting for two hours for a room. It was horrendous. There were holes in the sheets, a dirty bag under the bed, the light wasn’t working and only the lamp was working. 
 “My phone battery was dying so I went to my suitcase, and that’s when I realised the padlock was missing. It had gone. I was so paranoid, I was scared, I didn’t sleep or eat for two days.”
 The school booked him on to a flight back to the UK. The school party was due to return to the UK on 20 February.
The teacher’s employer, Neath Port Talbot council, has written to the US embassy in London demanding an explanation and the issue is being taken up by Welsh politicians. 
A council spokesman said Miah was left feeling belittled at what it described as “an unjustified act of discrimination”. The council said the teacher is a British citizen and does not have dual nationality. 
The spokesman said: “Juhel Miah was with a party from Llangatwg comprehensive who travelled initially to Iceland en route to New York last week. Mr Miah boarded the onward flight in Reykjavik on 16 February but was escorted from the aircraft by security personnel. While the school trip proceeded as planned, Mr Miah’s removal from the flight left pupils and colleagues shocked and distressed.
“The local authority understands that Mr Miah was refused permission by the United States authorities to fly to New York, despite being issued with a valid visa for travel. Mr Miah is a popular and respected teacher at Llangatwg comprehensive school. He is a Welsh Muslim.
“We are appalled by the treatment of Mr Miah and are demanding an explanation. The matter has also been raised with our local MP.
“No satisfactory reason has been provided for refusing entry to the United States – either at the airport in Iceland or subsequently at the US embassy in Reykjavik. Mr Miah attempted to visit the embassy but was denied access to the building. Understandably he feels belittled and upset at what appears to be an unjustified act of discrimination.”
Trump’s travel ban was unveiled at the end of his first week in office. While the White House insisted that he was fulfilling a campaign promise to toughen vetting procedures for people coming from countries with terror ties, the order caused chaos at airports in the US and sparked protests across the world.
In its original form, the order temporarily suspended all travel to the US for citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Somalia, Sudan and Libya for 90 days. The order was put on hold by the courts and a revised version has not yet been signed though it is understood from a draft that the same seven countries will be targeted in it.
Neath Port Talbot council pointed out that UK government advice states: “We have confirmed with the US government that British passport holders (regardless of country of birth or whether they hold another passport/nationality) aren’t affected by the executive order.” 
It also drew attention to a statement made by the foreign secretary Boris Johnson at the end of last month in the House of Commons, when he said: “We have received assurances from the US embassy that the executive order will make no difference to any British passport holder, irrespective of their country of birth or whether they hold another passport.” 
The council said Miah’s experience casts serious doubts on whether either of the statements could be relied upon.
Neath Labour AM Jeremy Miles said he was appalled to hear about the incident. He said he would be raising the issue with the Welsh government to ask them to make representations to the British government. 
 The Foreign Office is aware of the case. A spokeswoman said: “We are providing support to a British man who was prevented from boarding a flight in Reykjavik.”
There was no immediate response from the US embassy in London.



ARTICLE
The progressive senator Elizabeth Warren accused Donald Trump of firing a prominent prosecutor to install “cronies” , warning on Sunday of “a massive fight” in the Senate over his picks for new US attorneys.
On Saturday, Trump fired Preet Bharara, the US attorney of the southern district of Manhattan, where the prosecutor had pursued corruption cases against members of both the Republican and Democratic parties. In November, Bharara met with Trump and his nominee for attorney general, Jeff Sessions, and said he had “agreed to stay on” after conversations with both.
But on Friday afternoon, Sessions abruptly ordered 46 prosecutors, nearly all appointees of Barack Obama, to resign “effective immediately”. Bharara refused to resign and was fired, saying in a brief public statement: “One hallmark of justice is absolute independence, and that was my touchstone every day that I served.”
On Sunday, Bharara wrote a message, tantalizing in its apparent implications but lacking any detail, on the former US attorney’s newly active personal Twitter account. “By the way, now I know what the Moreland Commission must have felt like.”
The Moreland Commission was created to investigate corruption in New York state government but was abruptly shut down by Governor Andrew Cuomo in 2014. At the time of his dismissal, Bharara was overseeing separate corruption investigations into the staffs of Cuomo and the New York mayor, Bill de Blasio. 
New presidents typically replace the appointees named by their predecessors, but not since 1993 has a new administration done so in such a rapid, sweeping fashion. And late on Saturday, an official speaking on condition of anonymity told the Associated Press that the sudden dismissal of Bharara was preceded by an unusual phone call from the White House to the prosecutor’s office.
On Thursday, the president’s secretary called Bharara, who declined to take the call because the justice department has strict rules about communications between presidents and prosecutors. Bharara told Trump’s secretary he could not speak directly with the president.
The White House has declined to comment on why Trump fired Bharara after asking him to continue in his role. Warren seized on this ambiguity, tweeting on Sunday that Trump “talked a big game about getting corruption out of gov[ernment]. But he wants a bunch of tame prosecutors who won’t investigate him.”
“Preet Bharara had authority over Trump Tower,” Warren wrote, noting the US attorney’s jurisdiction over Manhattan, the Bronx and Westchester, New York. Trump “called him directly, breaching protocol”, Warren continued. “24 [hours] later he was asked to resign.”
“More GOP & Dems respect Preet Bharara as a fearless prosecutor who stands up to both parties & Wall Street. I guess that’s why Trump fired him,” she said, before drawing a comparison to Trump’s decision to fire Sally Yates. The president fired Yates, who was acting attorney general in the first weeks of his administration, after she refused to defend his executive order limiting travel, and after she warned Trump that his national security adviser had misled the White House about conversations with Russia’s ambassador.
Warren said the president “wants people like AG Sessions, a loyalist who lied to the Senate about meeting with the Russians”, alluding to Sessions’ failure, under oath, to disclose his own conversations with the ambassador. 
“You can’t fire the rule of law,” Warren wrote. “You can’t shut down ongoing investigations by career prosecutors.”
“The Senate confirms US attorneys. And you’re not replacing real prosecutors with cronies [with]out a massive fight,” she added.
Despite Warren’s threats, she and fellow Democrats have little hope of ceating a major Senate battle over US attorney nominations. The party in control of the Senate needs only a simple majority to approve nominations, and few Republicans have broken ranks on any of the president’s cabinet picks.
Bharara’s office had also opened an investigation into Fox News over a possible failure to inform shareholders of multimillion-dollar settlements with female employees who had accused Roger Ailes, the former CEO, of sexual harassment. 
Over his seven years as US attorney for the southern district, Bharara earned the nickname “the sheriff of Wall Street” for his work presiding over high-profile cases on financial hacking and insider trading, as well as cases involving JPMorgan Chase, Toyota and the billionaire investor Steven Cohen, 



ARTICLE
An attorney for a voting rights group said Monday that Donald Trump’s administration will no longer challenge a strict Texas voter ID law, signaling a dramatic change in the government’s approach to civil rights under its new attorney general, Jeff Sessions.
The justice department told plaintiffs in the case against the law that the government will formally end its opposition to the law, according to Danielle Lang, the deputy director of voting rights for the Campaign Legal Center. 
“It’s a complete 360,” Lang told the Associated Press. “We can’t make heads or tails of any factual reason for the change. There has been no new evidence that’s come to light.”
Lang said the reversal was an “extraordinary disappointment”.
Early Monday afternoon, it was not immediately clear what specific changes the justice department would make in in court documents, for instance whether it would now argue the law was not passed with intent to discriminate by race. Federal courts have ruled that the 2011 law, which requires one of seven forms of photo ID to cast a ballot, discriminates against minorities. 
In 2014, a judge ruled that the law disproportionately affected black and Hispanic Americans, and in 2015 and last year appeals court judges largely affirmed her ruling.
Texas asked the supreme court to review that decision, but in January the justices declined to do so – leaving a window to return to the case later. In a statement, Chief Justice John Roberts wrote that there would be “no barrier to our review” while the case continues through the courts.
A hearing on whether the law was passed with discriminatory intent is scheduled for Tuesday.
The justice department under Barack Obama had joined the civil rights groups and voters against the lawsuit, arguing that the claims to prevent voter fraud lacked evidence and were used to make it harder for non-white people to vote. Obama’s attorneys general, Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch, repeatedly took action against voter ID laws, either through investigations or lawsuits against state governments. Last July, an appeals court struck down a similar voter ID law enacted in North Carolina.
Sessions’ civil rights record shadowed his confirmation hearings earlier this month, which ended with a 52-47 vote in favor, with all but one Democrat voting against the senator. Civil rights groups, including the NAACP, sided with Democrats against Sessions, warning about his attitudes toward race. 
In 1986, Sessions was rejected for a seat on a federal court after testimony that, while he worked as a state attorney in Alabama, Sessions called civil rights groups “un-American” and called a black official in his office “boy”. Sessions has denied that claim, and also denied a claim that he used a racial slur about a different black colleague. 
Also in 1986, civil rights activist Coretta Scott King, the widow of Martin Luther King Jr, wrote a letter criticizing Sessions for his indictment of activists who were trying to help elderly black people vote in Alabama.
“Mr Sessions has used the awesome powers of his office in shabby attempt to intimidate and frighten elderly black voters,” she wrote. “For this reprehensible conduct, he should not be rewarded with a federal judgeship.”
Marc Elias, the attorney who served as counsel for Hillary Clinton’s 2016 campaign, said that the justice department’s reversal was a validation of “the fears voiced during [Sessions’] confirmation fight”.
“After taking the lead in challenging Texas’ restrictive voting law these last six years, the justice department, now under President Trump, is actively siding with suppression,” Elias said in a statement. “Make no mistake: this move is just the beginning of the Trump administration’s coordinated assault on the right to vote, and it demands an aggressive response.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
The Trump administration has unveiled a controversial new office set up to support the victims of crimes committed solely by undocumented migrants, which was quickly labelled a device for “scapegoating immigrants” by advocates who pointed to numerous studies showing immigrants are significantly less likely to commit crime.
The Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement Office, or Voice, was commissioned by Donald Trump in January through an executive order that also contained a host of hardline changes to immigration enforcement in the United States. The president was later booed by Democrats when he mentioned the new office during a speech to Congress in February. 
At a launch event in Washington, the homeland security secretary, John Kelly, told reporters that the intention behind Voice was to “acknowledge the exceptional damage caused by criminal illegal aliens and to support the victims of these preventable crimes”.
Kelly, who did not take questions from reporters, added: “There’s nothing but goodness in what we are doing here today.” 
The secretary was joined at the unveiling by a number of crime victims and their families, reminiscent of the primetime speaking platform Trump offered to the family members of three individuals killed by undocumented migrants at the Republican national convention last July. 
The new office, contained within homeland security’s Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency [Ice], has established a hotline for crime victims to call. Operators would then direct victims to Ice officers who would assist in explaining enforcement and removal laws. The line would also help to assign one of 27 victim assistance specialists and assist victims in receiving automated custody status information under a new online system launched on Wednesday. 
An Ice spokesman, Bryan Cox, said that the agency would use existing funds to finance the office and confirmed the 27 assistance specialists were existing employees.
As part of the hardline January order, Voice is also expected to produce a quarterly report detailing all crimes in America committed by undocumented migrants. Cox confirmed the agency intended to comply with the directive but said there was no date set for the first of these crime reports. 
According to research published by the American Immigration Council in 2015, immigrants are far less likely to engage in criminal behaviour than those born in the US and are less likely to be incarcerated. Numerous other studies have pointed to similar conclusions. 
Representative Joaquin Castro, a Democrat from Texas, acknowledged there was no dispute that victims of crime underwent a tragic ordeal, but he told the Guardian: “It’s hard not to believe that the president doesn’t have an agenda here to make some kind of ugly example of undocumented immigrants.”
Grace Meng, an immigration researcher at Human Rights Watch’s US program, shared these concerns. 
“Scapegoating immigrants as responsible for crime is a common tactic used by abusive governments around the world, to create a convenient fantasy that a society’s problems all come from the outside.” 
“If the Trump administration was serious about public safety, it would respect the stance taken by scores of law enforcement officials, who recognize communities are safest when immigrants are seen as important members of these communities, rather than outsiders who come to the US to cause harm,” Meng added. 
Steve King, a Republican congressman from Iowa who has often sparked controversy for making incendiary comments about immigrants, however, celebrated the creation of the new office.
“I think it’s a terrific move by the president and his administration,” King told the Guardian. 
“It identifies the grief across the country that is caused by the hands of people who shouldn’t be here – that can’t be here legally and by law.” 



ARTICLE
The division that threatens to split this country in two is not between red and blue states, or between rural and urban areas – it is between the way we discuss politics and the realities of American lives, none of which fit into tidy categories. Contrary to popular narratives, you can be a progressive populist, a wealthy and college-educated Trump supporter, a rural laborer of color, a provincial urbanite, an open-minded midwesterner.
And, as first-time Democratic political candidate James Thompson proved this month in Kansas, you can give conservative Republicans a run for their money as an army veteran, a rifle-owning marksman, and a civil rights attorney who has fought on behalf of black victims of police brutality. Whose first college major was theater, and who named his daughter Liberty.
All at once. In a “red” state.
When conservative congressman Mike Pompeo vacated his Kansas seat to head the CIA earlier this year, conventional political wisdom said the special election to replace him was in the bag for the Republican state treasurer, Ron Estes. The district had gone for Trump by 27 points and is home to Koch Industries, the global, $100bn conservative moneybag whose famous family routes hundreds of millions of dollars to conservative candidates across the country.
But a small band of prairie progressives saw something else: Kansas Democrats had picked up 13 seats in the state legislature in 2016, while moderate Republicans had unseated conservatives.
They saw people angry at far-right governor Sam Brownback’s destruction of the state economy. They saw racially diverse Wichita. They saw the same people who twice elected previous governor Kathleen Sebelius, who went on to design the Affordable Care Act as Obama’s health secretary. They saw a state where socialist Bernie Sanders won the 2016 Democratic caucus. They saw a district that had, perhaps, gone for Trump less because they agreed with him than because he was a wrecking ball who had acknowledged their existence. 
Thompson, who has lived in Kansas for 20 years, saw it too. His grassroots campaign quickly aligned itself with post-Trump resistance movements while focusing on jobs, education and veteran issues.
The underdogs canvassed to such effect that Republicans put an estimated $150,000 toward heading them off with an abortion-themed smear TV ad and robo-calls from Trump and Mike Pence. Ted Cruz went to Kansas to rally the base. The president bleated an Estes endorsement on Twitter for good measure. 
Democrats, well … the day before the election, they paid for some calls. 
They were investing in Georgia’s sixth congressional district (which soon would be a two-point miss for the Democratic challenger) but not in Kansas – a poor use of resources according to strategists, apparently. Even the party’s state organization refused to pony up $20,000 for a mailer. 
On the homestretch, it was liberal blog Daily Kos that drummed up close to $250,000 in personal donations for Thompson from across the country. Our Revolution, the organizational offshoot of Bernie Sanders’ presidential run, endorsed the campaign as well.
Ultimately, for the scrappy, local progressives who energized southern Kansans across party lines, it was victory in loss: Thompson came within seven points of winning a US House seat that has been held by Republicans for a quarter of a century. He also turned Sedgwick County, the state’s most populous area, blue for the first time since 1996. Such a swing would unseat Republican representatives in more than 100 districts.
National pols and pundits, struggling to reconcile their ideas about a “deep red” area with the hard numbers before them, seemed more astonished by the Kansas special-election results than interested in learning something from them.
It is likely that most members of that chattering class have never lived in Kansas –which may be filed somewhere in their brains as a red square rather than 82,000 square miles of 3 million people. (One Washington Post congressional reporter dismissed the results for being in a “rural” district – never mind that Wichita is the largest city in the state and a manufacturing hub that probably built the airplane he was tweeting from.) 
Around the turn of the millennium, cable news networks came to a consensus that “red” meant Republican and “blue” meant Democrat. Since then, most of us have settled into a destructive habit of envisioning entire states as political monoliths, our country two disparate sociopolitical lands. 
We’ve seen this sort of bifurcation myth before: during the civil war, northern whites were the good guys, southern whites the bad. In fact, most whites in the north were on the right side of history because of where they happened to live, and they too benefited from slavery and white supremacy.
Yet, with our notoriously short-term American political memory, we have no problem again constructing two pat sides: educated urban America and socially backwards “Trump country”.
 I am not surprised by Thompson’s near-win in the district I know well. My family has farmed wheat crops, raised and butchered livestock, worked on factory assembly lines, and hammered together buildings there for five generations. I find the area to be more apolitical than conservative, more concerned with personal freedom than with telling women what to do with their bodies or transgender kids where to pee.
Most Kansans I know loathed extreme conservative Sam Brownback before the 2014 gubernatorial election, yet he eked out re-election. I suspect the state legislature’s swing to the right to be a symptom of ignored moderates and liberals staying home, while extremists rallied social conservatives to the polls in local elections.
Like “blue” people find themselves called to do in every “red” state, meanwhile, many Kansans were resisting when resisting wasn’t cool. 
As a professor at a state university and a fundraiser for nonprofit social-service agencies, I have rallied with them during the Brownback era – our state portender of the national Trump era. 
I have seen Kansas small bookstore owners set up write-your-representative tables and pay for the postage. 
I have seen Kansas social workers drive pregnant, poor teenage girls to abortion clinics. 
I have seen Kansas artists paint murals about peace on walls built before the civil war. 
I have seen my former college students paint rainbow stripes across a residence next to the hatemongering Westboro Baptist church in Topeka and call it Equality House in defiant celebration of LGBT Kansans. 
When Brownback demolished state funding for the arts during his first term, the New York Times reported, a small-town Kansas woman – who could have chosen to move – kept her art gallery financially afloat by canceling custodial services and scrubbing the toilets herself. 
To render such efforts invisible with a single stroke of red is an insult I won’t abide.
About an hour after the special election was called for the Republican candidate, Thompson’s campaign manager – Colin Curtis, a 27-year-old native of Kansas City – spoke with me via phone from a Wichita bar. He had just sent Thompson and his family home after the concession speech, but morale was high. Like a proper midwesterner, Curtis – who was a toddler the last time a Democrat won the seat – abstained from making a single complaint. 
Much of the left’s national social-media sphere, however, had already devolved into a whine-fest. Thompson could have won if neoliberals in Washington had given a damn! The party is useless! The party is on track – Georgia’s sixth is where it’s at because national strategy is all about suburbs! Kansas is a bunch of idiots anyway! Curtis said flying under the national radar had been to their benefit for most of the campaign.
“As soon as it became about national politics and Donald Trump and Mike Pence and Ted Cruz,” Curtis said, “the [Republican party] was just able to use that to ramp up their people.”
But Curtis dispelled a theory going around that national Democrats stayed away because they were concerned their brand might be toxic to Thompson’s cause in Kansas.
“We would have welcomed them,” he said. “There were never any discussions like, ‘Don’t get involved, you guys won’t help us’.” 
The day after the election, Thompson – sounding tired but upbeat, having just announced that he will vie for the House seat again in the 2018 midterms – said it had been just as Curtis predicted.
“[Curtis] told me at the very beginning, ‘Look, don’t expect anybody from the outside to come in and help us’,” Thompson said.
He admitted it was frustrating to be written off by potential funders and boosters due to the perception that the race was an unwinnable waste.
“I got very sick of this terminology of ‘political capital’,” Thompson said. “Why won’t this person send out a tweet? Well, they don’t want to spend that ‘political capital’. Pardon my language: that’s bullshit.”
Thompson sighed.
“I understand maybe not wanting to invest a bunch of money,” he said. “But the idea that somebody can’t send out a tweet or do something to help somebody to me is ridiculous.”
While national party investment in his campaign was negligible, national grassroots unity proved essential. Curtis estimated that 90% of their donations came from individuals across the country, with an average amount of $20. In the final days before the race, Curtis estimated, 75% of phone calls to district voters were made from other states – crucial for freeing up local volunteers to knock on doors. Those face-to-face contacts are what allowed them to flip Sedgwick County, he said.
“It’s absolutely critical that, moving forward, progressives continue to invest in states like Kansas where they see opportunity,” Curtis said. “Hopefully the parties do that with the 50-state strategy, but if not I really hope the people keep it up. Because they made it as possible as we could have made it here.” 
For me, it was heartening to watch even moral support pour in from across the country. On the campaign’s Facebook page, hundreds of comments chimed in not with judgment or dismissal but solidarity and emojis of hearts and United States flags:
“I’m rooting for you from Arkansas!!!!”
“Watching from Oklahoma. I grew up in Wichita and still have family there. I’m rooting for you!”
“I can only imagine the excitement you locals are feeling! I can’t stand it and I live in CA. So happy I could help from a distance. My mom and her family are from KS. She would be so proud. Keep us posted!!”
“Wishing you the best from Maryland. I went to KU and I have been pained to see what has happened to my adopted state.”
“So nervous in New Mexico!”
“All the best from Maryland! [crab and lobster emoji]”
“Watching (and praying) from Nevada … Congratulations on an outstanding campaign!”
“Good luck from NJ! We all need you.”
“Praying in Texas.”
“Go blue from Indiana!!”
I teared up reading the comments. As a progressive in a “red state”, one gets used to feeling unacknowledged or misunderstood at the national level. But here were Americans from all over the map, including “blue” strongholds, saying they had invested their money, their time, and their hope in our cause.
The Thompson campaign found a similar spirit of human connection across supposed divides on the campaign trail, Curtis said.
“As you go around Kansas,” he said, “they’re not concerned about which friends of theirs are Republicans and which friends are Democrats. They care about which friends listen to them, help them out, do good things, are good people.”
 I grew up mostly on a farm west of Wichita but spent several years in that city’s public schools and have lived in both rural and urban settings across the country. I find the “rural v urban” narrative as misleading as “red v blue”.
For instance, the terms have become shorthand for racial demographics, but rural Kansas’s meatpacking industry – which employs thousands of immigrants from around the world – is more ethnically diverse than some gentrified neighborhoods of coastal cities.
Rural whites, however, indeed have swung right in my lifetime – an issue Thompson believes he can surmount with more time. “One of the reasons I want to run in 2018 is that I’ll have 18 months to go and talk to people instead of 60 days,” Thompson said, speculating that rural areas have settled along the Republican party line because they are ignored by Democrats. 
Another assumption about rural America is that it’s brimming with religious zealots obsessed with abortion rights. But, aside from agricultural issues such as farmers’ concern about water rights, Thompson found rural Kansans cared about the same things Wichita did: paying the bills, personal freedom. 
Curtis said abortion is a juggernaut issue not because most Kansans are fixated on it – a poll they did two months ago found that 51% of the district identified as pro-choice – but because the Republican party is so good at getting pro-life voters to the polls. 
Thompson was proud to be endorsed by and speak up on behalf of Planned Parenthood, local Black Lives Matter activists, and other groups with liberal social missions. But just about everyone he spoke with wanted to discuss healthcare, education, jobs.
“I was talking about working-class people and understanding what’s it’s like to try to put food on the table and make a decision between paying the rent or buying food,” Thompson said. “All those things that somebody that grows up poor understands.”
Thompson, 46, may be new to politics, but he has lived many of his platform’s issues in a way that creates a sort of expertise too often lacking among legislators. He grew up in poverty in Oklahoma City with a stay-at-home mom and his stepdad, a carpet-layer. By the time he was a teenager, he was out of his mother’s care, living in a van with his stepdad and brothers.
He filed for emancipation, graduated from high school, and got a theater scholarship to the University of Central Oklahoma. It wasn’t a full ride, and he struggled to make ends meet. Joining the army, he figured, would provide financial security, a paid education, a chance to get out of Oklahoma, the honor of serving his country.
Thompson went to basic training on 31 July 1990. Two days later, Iraq invaded Kuwait. Rather than being sent to combat, though, Thompson was selected for the presidential honor guard, which performs ceremonial duties at the White House and Arlington cemetery. Four years later, he enrolled at Wichita State University on the GI bill. He went on to law school at Washburn University in Topeka and has been a civil rights attorney in Wichita ever since.
Thompson’s life experience has offered him a window into what he sees as the underlying issue of unrest throughout the country: a need for security. When security is lacking, the fear that might arise can be volatile. 
“I’ve been in more fights than I care to remember, growing up as a kid in a rough place,” he said. “People have a fight-or-flight instinct. My instinct is always to fight.” 
While that individual gumption was essential to his climb from poverty to the middle class, Thompson does not support the American edict to pull yourself by your bootstraps.
“It was progressive programs that allowed me to get out of poverty,” he said. “I had [free school] lunches growing up. We were on welfare a lot of times. I can remember standing in line for government cheese and butter.” His college education, too, was supported by public programs such as Pell grants and government-backed school loans.
Thompson’s liberalism is rooted in a desire for a more equal world in both economic and social terms.
“I saw racism in my own family growing up, and I didn’t like it,” he said. He recalled a night out in Washington DC with black friends he had made in the military. To his astonishment, they couldn’t hail a cab, but cabs came right to him. 
His first civil rights case was against the Wichita police department, whose officer had beaten a black male teenager so badly he was in intensive care for six weeks. Thompson settled the case for just under $1m, and similar cases started coming his way.
It wasn’t until Sanders’ populist run for president, though, that Thompson was inspired to run for office. With a 12-year-old daughter, Brownback for governor, and Trump newly in the Oval Office, he felt a call to action. 
Before running as a Democrat, for years Thompson had been registered as an independent, then as a Republican in order to influence that party’s Kansas primaries. He wished party labels would be removed from ballots so that people had to educate themselves about the candidates rather than blindly check boxes for their team.
“Those labels of Democrat or Republican should be maybe a general guideline, but it definitely shouldn’t define how you vote or define a person,” he said. “Because there’s going to be lots of different shades in there.”
One of the political left’s most important contributions to social progress is its persistent dismantling of rigid identity structures: racial stereotypes, strict gender roles, the validity of a gender binary to begin with. 
The great political irony of the 21st century, then, is the childlike pride with which many members of the left trade in stereotypes about places like where I’m from. Many “progressive” Americans rightly reject the notion that one’s fate or value in society should be decided by race, gender, or sexual orientation. One’s place, however, has become the acceptable signifier for separating the righteous from the scourge. 
The truth is that many “blue” people live in “red” states, and vice versa. About a third to two-fifths of American voters are thus.
So why doesn’t a liberal person in a place governed by dangerous conservative extremists crawl out of what people see as her backwards little hole? 
Out of love for home. Out of civic responsibility, even, to a place she knows is worth fighting for.
Besides, the brakes are probably out on her car anyway. 
In a recent episode of the podcast On Being, host Krista Tippett moderated a conversation between millennial progressive leader Heather McGhee and libertarian Tea Party organizer Matt Kibbe. Tippett asked the two, so opposed to one another in their politics, what good they saw in the other’s position and what troubled them about their own. 
Kibbe admired progressivism’s defense of community and care for all its members and admitted that a hyper-focus on personal liberty can appear uncaring about our most disadvantaged citizens. McGhee appreciated the libertarian movement’s activism against the mass incarceration state and lamented class-based disconnects within the Democratic party.
The animosity we presume to exist in people our political labels suggest as enemies often dissipates in the space of direct communication. 
As for the media’s role in framing the national conversation, journalist Faria Chideya called for more expansive storytelling during a recent public forum at Harvard University on race and class in the 2016 election. 
“Let’s look more deeply into the deep social conservatism in the black and Latino communities,” Chideya said. “Let’s look more deeply into how certain progressive ideals in working-class white communities meet up against certain regressive ideals.”
The test for a relatively young nation being forced to grow up is whether it can recognize simultaneous truths. 
Thompson shows the way for Democrats in areas they’ve long failed at the polls by being a walking integration of categories: a gun-rights defender who goes hunting, a liberal activist, a commonsense graduate of the school of hard knocks, a fighter who doesn’t mince words with wonky policy talk but shows up as an ally for his local Jewish community, people of color, the LGBT community.
At a recent Wichita rally supporting transgender rights, a couple of hecklers wearing masks used a blow horn to try to drown out event speakers. When Thompson went to the microphone, one of the disrupters tried to talk over him.
“I told him to shut the pie hole three feet above his ass – over the speaker system,” Thompson recalled and cracked up. “My director of communications asked me later, ‘Please don’t ever say that again.’”
But Thompson’s vernacular would have gained the admiration of my straight-talking family, who rarely engage in activism because it often speaks a language they didn’t get to learn.
At this perilous moment in America, the only victory to be had is not on the red and blue map but above it, not with clever strategies but through human connection. 
Thompson’s progressive, populist momentum in “deep red” Kansas – where he respected people enough to knock on their doors and look them in the eye – is proof of that. His showing at the polls echoed bipartisan resistance seen in recent months at town hall meetings and marches in seemingly unlikely places and suggested a playbook for Democrats aiming to reclaim districts vacated by Montana, South Carolina and Pennsylvania Republicans in special elections yet to come.
America is one place. Every state shares in her sins, and every state shares in her progress.
An hour after Thompson’s narrow loss, from a bar a few miles from Koch Industries in Wichita, Kansas, campaign manager Curtis asked that progressives, Democrats, and resisters remember what it felt like to almost break through to the other side that night that Thompson almost won.
“Keep fighting,” Curtis said. “Keep going.”



ARTICLE
A US judge has blocked Donald Trump’s order cutting off funding to “sanctuary cities”, dealing a major blow to the president’s anti-immigrant agenda and setting the stage for another legal battle after the ongoing travel ban dispute. The White House has responded with fury, calling it another case of “egregious overreach by a single unelected judge”.
A California judge issued a nationwide injunction on Tuesday blocking enforcement of Trump’s executive order targeting cities and counties across the US that have pledged to be a safe haven to the country’s 11 million undocumented immigrants. The order, in line with one of Trump’s signature campaign pledges, is aimed at forcing cities to cooperate with federal immigration agencies in deportation efforts by withholding government funding.
San Francisco was the first US city to challenge the order with a lawsuit in January, arguing that blocking funding to municipalities that protect immigrants was unconstitutional and a federal overreach that violated the sovereignty of the liberal California city.
US district judge William Orrick ruled that San Francisco and Santa Clara County, which joined the lawsuit, have demonstrated that they are “likely to succeed on the merits of their challenge” and that “the balance of harms and public interest weigh in their favor”.
The ruling is a significant rebuke to Trump as he nears the 100-day mark of his presidency and is the latest example of local progressive governments successfully thwarting key policy efforts of the administration, which has promoted a xenophobic agenda and promised an aggressive crackdown on immigrants.
The decision came days after the US Department of Justice sent letters to nine jurisdictions demanding that they provide proof of cooperation with federal immigration authorities or risk losing grant money.
The DoJ claimed in a statement on Tuesday that the ruling upheld the government’s “ability to use lawful means to enforce existing conditions of federal grants” and said “it will follow the law with respect to regulation of sanctuary jurisdictions”. It’s unclear how the DoJ may challenge the order, which temporarily halts the president’s executive order as the lawsuit moves forward.
An angry White House statement on Tuesday night said the judge’s ruling facilitated “the dangerous and unlawful nullification of federal law in an attempt to erase our borders”. The Trump administration would “pursue all legal remedies to the sanctuary cities threat”.
“This San Francisco judge’s erroneous ruling is a gift to the criminal gang and cartel element in our country, empowering the worst kind of human trafficking and sex trafficking, and putting thousands of innocent lives at risk,” said the statement.
Trump echoed this early on Wednesday morning, tweeting: “First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban & now it hits again on sanctuary cities – both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!”
He added: “Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the ‘ban’ case and now the ‘sanctuary’ case is brought in … the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this ‘judge shopping!’ Messy system.”
Trump was referring to the ninth circuit court based in San Francisco, where judges have also ruled against Trump’s travel ban. Orrick does not sit on the ninth circuit, but his district is encompassed in the territory of the appeals court.
Trump criticized sanctuary cities throughout his campaign, arguing that the local governments protecting undocumented immigrants from deportation were enabling crime. Researchers, however, have found that undocumented immigrants are less likely to commit serious crimes than people born in the US and that high rates of immigration are tied to lower rates of property crime and violent crime.
The city of San Francisco has argued that it has about $1.2bn in federal funding at stake. Sanctuary policies vary by local government, but one analysis has suggested that there are 39 cities and more than 360 counties that have some kind of law in place limiting cooperation with federal authorities. 
Proponents of sanctuary cities argue that the policies are critical to public safety and that if local police collaborate with immigration agents, undocumented immigrants won’t report crimes or work with law enforcement. In recent months, there have been reports that deportation fears have led to a drop in victims of violence coming forward, witnesses refusing to cooperate in police cases and workers declining to speak to government officials investigating exploitation and wage theft. 
“Because San Francisco took this president to court, we’ve been able to protect billions of dollars that fund lifesaving programs across this country,” San Francisco city attorney Dennis Herrera said in a statement. “This is why we have courts – to halt the overreach of a president and an attorney general who either don’t understand the Constitution or chose to ignore it.”
In his decision, Orrick noted that San Francisco’s sanctuary law is designed to “ensure community security” and “due process for all” and that the city uses federal funding to “provide vital services such as medical care, social services, and meals to vulnerable residents, to maintain and upgrade roads and public transportation, and to make needed seismic upgrades”.
Trump has also repeatedly failed at his efforts to ban travel from a number of Muslim-majority countries, stopped by federal judges and Democratic state officials who challenged the ban in court.
The first version of the ban he introduced in January led to chaos at airports across the globe and went so far as to target lawful permanent residents from seven countries, along with suspending the US refugee program. After federal judges shot down the order, which critics argued was discriminatory, Trump introduced a revised version of ban that targeted six countries and removed language prioritizing minorities for refugee resettlement, which was considered anti-Muslim.
But a federal judge in Hawaii blocked the second order just before it was implemented and later rejected the US government’s efforts to overturn his ruling, thereby extending the ban on Trump’s order. 
The Hawaii state attorney general had argued that the travel ban continued to discriminate based on religion, saying in court that the revised order was “like a “neon sign flashing ‘Muslim ban, Muslim ban’”.
Trump and the US attorney general, Jeff Sessions, have faced backlash for their criticisms of federal judges. Sessions made headlines last week when he criticized the Hawaii rulings by saying he was “amazed that a judge sitting on an island in the Pacific can issue an order that stops the president of the United States”. He later declined to apologize.
The president has also lashed out at the judges who have blocked his ban on numerous occasions, saying a US judge in Washington state had “put our country in such peril”, adding, “If something happens blame him and court system.” During his campaign, Trump also attacked US judge Gonzalo Curiel, arguing that he was biased because of his “Mexican heritage”, a comment that was widely condemned as racist. 
The Associated Press contributed to this report



ARTICLE
Donald Trump once declared that he possessed “one of the best memories in the world”. But on Wednesday, the US president yet again purported to have trouble recalling awkward facts from his own recent past.
In his first public remarks about the leaking of part of his 2005 federal tax return, Trump claimed on Twitter that “nobody ever heard of” David Cay Johnston, the reporter who published the documents late on Tuesday. So why, Trump asked, would the pages show up in Johnston’s mailbox?
Less than a year ago, however, Trump himself called Johnston at his home in Rochester, New York, to berate the 68-year-old Pulitzer winner about a series of questions he had submitted for the property developer while working on an article about Trump’s troubling financial dealings.
“I just want you to know that if I don’t like the way you write it, I’m gonna sue you,” Trump said in the call on 27 April 2016, according to Johnston. When reminded that, as a public figure, Trump would need to prove Johnston had deliberately lied, he said: “I don’t care, I’ll sue you anyway,” before hanging up.
And this was only the latest in a series of conversations from a decades-old acquaintance between the two men that had taught Trump to take Johnston very seriously. In a 1992 book, Johnston became the first journalist to reveal that while living luxuriously, Trump paid no federal income tax in 1978 or 1979 – and probably for several more years – by legally claiming millions of dollars in write-downs.
Such a pedigree meant that, contrary to the president’s claim that Johnston was a nobody, few journalists were a likelier destination for a leak of Trump’s newer tax documents.
A political enemy of the president would have known Johnston would give the story credibility. At the same time, if the leak of this relatively favorable year’s summary was a deliberate act from a Trump associate seeking to distract from other White House problems, they too might have been wise to pass them to a proven muckraker such as Johnston for maximum deniability.
Speaking as he waited for takeoff on his flight home from New York City on Wednesday, Johnston said the authorized leak theory was feasible. “It’s a possibility, because Donald has this history of leaking things that make him look good,” said Johnston. “But given the angry statement from the White House last night, possibly not.”
That tirade released pre-emptively to reporters before Johnston went on air with MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow was, in fact, the first acknowledgment he got from the White House. 
Johnston said he had emailed details of the document to Sean Spicer, Trump’s press secretary, at about 5pm and offered to have a conversation on background to ensure that the document was authentic.
Spicer ignored him. Johnston emailed Spicer again shortly before broadcast, he said, and again received no reply. Then the Trump team briefed the nation’s White House correspondents on what was about to be reported elsewhere – a break from the typical rules of engagement, but not unheard of as a defensive PR tactic.
“He went and took what I gave him and gave it to other reporters,” said Johnston. “That’s as unethical as it gets. It tells me that the Trump White House lacks honor.”
The documents arrived at Johnston’s home in Rochester last week, he said, while he was in Palm Beach researching his next book about Trump.
As he used his iPhone to snap some photographs of Mar-a-Lago, the president’s private club, he received a call from his daughter Amy, one of Johnston’s eight adult children.
“You won’t believe what came in the mail,” she told him, adding that he needed to check his email inbox immediately. Amy had scanned the documents and sent them to her father as a PDF. 
Next, Johnston stood frozen, pinching the phone’s screen with his fingers to enlarge the tax filing’s tiny rows of text. “Holy mackerel,” he said to himself.
Curtailing his Florida trip, Johnston packed his bags and headed for the airport. During a layover at Atlanta, he said, he stationed himself in the Delta lounge and coordinated a plan over the telephone with his colleagues at DC Report, the nonprofit online news outlet that he founded. They agreed to propose a collaboration with Rachel Maddow, whose television show has a loyal liberal following, and who has recently attracted attention for her strident commentaries on Trump’s murky finances.
“I actually wanted to do Lawrence O’Donnell, because he’s more of a tax expert,” Johnston said. “But Rachel has the bigger audience, and she’s very hot right now. She’s been hitting these issues very hard.”
Johnston and Maddow brushed aside complaints from Trump sympathizers that publishing someone’s tax return without consent could amount to a felony, arguing that the first amendment of the US constitution gave them protection to release documents that were innocently obtained.
“I didn’t do anything to solicit this beyond having a tip line on our website,” said Johnston.
According to a scan provided to the Guardian, the documents were sent in an envelope that was postmarked on 9 March in Westchester, a commuter county just outside New York City, where Trump owns a golf course and country club.
Some have speculated that because the document dates from 2005, that indicates it may have originated from proceedings of a libel lawsuit Trump pursued against Tim O’Brien, a reporter who wrote a biography of Trump in 2005.
 Some Trump tax documents were known to have been turned over for the case, but appear to have been placed under seal. O’Brien is forbidden from discussing them.
Johnston said that he knew O’Brien but the pair were not friends. In late January, he said, they ran into one another for the first time in years at the funeral of Wayne Barrett, another veteran Trump chronicler. Johnston doubts that O’Brien had anything to do with the leak.
“It could have come from someone at the firm that handled it, it could have come from someone at Trump Organization, it could have come because it was copied for a government regulatory proceeding, or litigation. I don’t know,” he said. “All I cared was whether it was authentic, and the White House confirmed it.”



ARTICLE
Is there method in the madness?
No one doubts that Donald Trump’s first 50 days as US president have busted norms, paradigms and taboos every bit as surely as his insurgent election campaign. On day 44, for example, he used Twitter to accuse his presidential predecessor, Barack Obama, of criminal wiretapping, then in the next moment mocked his reality-TV successor, Arnold Schwarzenegger, over poor ratings.
But Trump has also been both praised and criticised for doing more than many politicians to keep his election promises. There have been fleeting moments when a blurry picture of policy sharpens into focus. From the botched travel bans to the wrangling over healthcare reform, there are signs of how difficult it will be to translate policy into coherent action.
“There is no ideology around the policies we see so far,” said Michael Steele, former chairman of the Republican National Committee. “There are particular impressions on issues. A lot of it is campaign-related rhetoric.”
To be in Washington these days is to dwell inside a washing machine, a daily churn of intelligence leaks, congressional demands for blood – attorney general Jeff Sessions has survived but the former national security adviser Michael Flynn did not – and pre-dawn presidential tweet storms (President Trump has topped more than 540 tweets at the last count). 
Yet the architect of the chaos has also twice attempted to step back and explain his vision for America.
First, on day one, there was his dark inaugural address, with its ringing phrase “American carnage” and unabashed nationalism. Second, on day 40, there was an address to a joint session of Congress which struck a less harsh tone and promised a “new chapter of American greatness”, offering an olive branch for bipartisan cooperation.
But perhaps it was day 35 that offered a peek behind the curtains to the whirring cogs and wheels of White House machinery. It was not so much “Trumpism” as “Bannonism”, articulated by chief strategist Steve Bannon, who has compared himself to Thomas Cromwell in Henry VIII’s court and emerged as the biggest influence on the president’s thinking.
“If you look at the lines of work, I would break it up into three verticals or three buckets,” he told the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) near Washington. “The first is kind of national security and sovereignty … The second line of work is what I refer to as economic nationalism … The third, broadly, line of work is deconstruction of the administrative state.”
Work began on these “three verticals” at a hectic pace with distinctly mixed results. On the first, Trump announced that he would seek a $54bn increase in military spending, while cutting back on aid and diplomatic programmes, though he is yet to signal a meaningful shift in the fight against Islamic State.
But the most disruptive act so far was a travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries, rushed through on a Friday night, replete with glaring flaws. It backfired spectacularly, with mayhem and protests at airports, and was knocked back by the courts – an early kick in the complacency of the administration. A revised ban – slimmed to six countries but with substantially the same policy thrust – is now also facing legal challenges by six different states from Hawaii to New York.
Rich Galen, former press secretary to Dan Quayle, an ex-vice-president, said: “I think they were totally shocked how quickly it got thrown back in their face by the judicial world and the political world. That taught them a lesson that they need people around them who know what they are doing. They thought they could bluster their way through it.”
The learning curve from campaign to governance has proved steep, Galen added. “What these guys are finding out is it’s a lot harder to do it than talk about it. Being president is a lot harder than 140 characters.”
He predicted: “I think the next 50 days will look very much like the first. Trump is having a lot more trouble adjusting to people not leaping in the air every time he suggests something. As president, you can’t control the press, you can’t control the legislature, you can’t control the judiciary.”
Economic nationalism implies an assertion of domestic control of the economy, protectionist policies such as tariffs and, perhaps most importantly in this context, opposition to trade and immigration. At CPAC, Bannon hailed withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership as “one of the most pivotal moments in modern American history”, enabling Washington to negotiate bilateral trade deals instead.
Trump – who likes the mantra “Buy American and hire American” – has made questionable claims that jobs are already returning to the country because of him. There are fears he will impose punitive tariffs on Mexican and Chinese imports, triggering a trade war that will stifle economic growth.
John Hudak, a senior fellow in governance studies at the Brookings Institution thinktank in Washington, said some Republicans in Congress would be unwilling to support “trade sovereignty” and Trump had diminished his chances of enlisting Democrats. “For a person who can become so petty in party politics, to launch an agenda that needs help from the other party shows a president who is under-talented,” he said.
Hudak described Trump as “the anti-Clinton”, contrasting him with President Bill Clinton’s ability to reach across the aisle even in his darkest political moments.
As for immigration, the populist movements in Britain, France and elsewhere have been characterised as dividing the world between “nationalists” and “globalists”. Bannon has made clear his loyalty to the former while declaring war on the “corporatist, globalist media that are adamantly opposed to an economic nationalist agenda”.
Construction on Trump’s border wall has not yet begun but he has backed his incendiary campaign rhetoric with new guidance that promises a security crackdown on the border and could see millions of undocumented immigrants deported. A series of highly visible raids by the president’s nascent deportation force has left Latino communities across the country on edge.
Then, in the longer term, there is a $1tn infrastructure plan, intended to boost employment. In an interview with the Hollywood Reporter last November, Bannon gave a crucial insight. “It’s everything related to jobs,” he said. “The conservatives are going to go crazy. I’m the guy pushing a trillion-dollar infrastructure plan. With negative interest rates throughout the world, it’s the greatest opportunity to rebuild everything.”
That infrastructure plan, also cited in Trump’s speech to Congress, will be tough for some Republicans to swallow, while sympathetic Democrats might balk at lending support to this president. 
Third in the set of Bannon principles was “deconstruction of the administrative state”, a phrase reminiscent of The Lord of the Rings, according to one commentator. It implies that the left has created a shadowy bureaucracy to push its agenda and that the state itself is inimical to the popular will. “The way the progressive left runs, is if they can’t get it passed, they’re just going to put in some sort of regulation in an agency,” Bannon said.
Trump has signed two executive orders slashing regulations and declared: “We don’t need 75% of the repetitive, horrible regulations that hurt companies, hurt jobs.” Activists are concerned that the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) will be a particular target, risking an increase in pollution.

But Hudak warned: “There’s a heck of a lot of regulation in this country that protects industry. You can kill the EPA but if you go too far you’re going to harm big business in this country. The idea that you can take a hatchet to the federal bureaucracy and always please conservatives is a myth.”
It is still uncertain, for example, whether Trump intends to shut down the Export-Import Bank, which has benefited some major corporations. “Closing it would be conservative but not Republican,” Hudak said.
For all the hurly-burly, few believe that a clear blueprint is yet discernible amid Trump’s scattergun approach to the making of both policies and wild, distracting accusations that tend to consume news cycles.
Rich Tyler, a conservative political analyst, observed: “There is no ideology, save for populism. There’s no anchoring governing philosophy to any of this. There may be ‘Trumpism’ but it’s not really conservatism or Republicanism. There may be a realignment but the incompetent and mixed messages coming out of the White House make it very difficult.”
Bannon’s three verticals need to be better defined, Tyler added. “I still don’t know what our position is towards Russia and Putin, I’m still unclear what the plan is to defeat Isis in Syria and Iraq, I don’t know what our agenda is for North Korea and Kim Jong-un. I don’t know what ‘economic nationalism’ means.”
For the next 50 days, he predicted, “It’s going to get harder. We’ve now seen the way the administration reacts. They don’t have a replacement for Obamacare. Foreign powers will continue to test us and we’ve shown we don’t have a response.”
Such is Trump’s temperament and volatility, there were some who doubted he would make it to 50 days. But his speech to Congress reassured doubtful Republicans and left Democrats digging in for a protracted battle against a constantly moving target.
Bob Shrum, a Democratic political consultant, said: “There’s a deal here: the congressional Republican party is putting up with the tweets and other things they don’t like and in return they get to repeal and replace Obamacare and cut taxes for rich people.
“These are conservative dreams. They are putting up with Trump because he’s giving them their conservative dreams. I expect more of the same so long as he’s there.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s adviser Kellyanne Conway accidentally inspired a law professor and a comedian to convince thousands of people to take to the streets this Saturday to demand that the president release his tax returns.
The day after attending January’s Women’s March in Boston, Jennifer Taub was proudly looking at photos and coverage online when a video of Conway popped up.
Conway, Trump’s former campaign manager, declared that Trump was “not going to release his tax returns” and that voters didn’t care. 
“That annoyed me ... people do care,” said Taub, a law professor at Vermont Law School, whose research and teachings focuses on corruption, corporate political spending and the links between politics and money.
Buoyed by the huge turnout at the Women’s March, she posted on Twitter.
“I traffic in ideas that people usually ignore,” explained Taub. “I invest years in research, writing and crafting a book, meticulously searching and referencing. I’ve testified before Congress. And nothing happens.”
But this time was different. Her post started getting hundreds of retweets. 
A few hours later, the comedian Frank Lesser tweeted the same idea, and thanks to some high-profile retweets – from comedians Patton Oswalt and Billy on the Street’s Billy Eichner, and Beau Willimon, creator of the US TV series House of Cards – thousands of people were declaring they’d march on Tax Day to prove that people wanted the president to release his tax returns.
Overnight, an article was published on Huffington Post about Taub and Lesser’s idea. The pair started direct-messaging one another on Twitter to strategize. Emails flooded in from community organizers and groups offering to help plan the event.
“I impulsively shot off a tweet at two in the afternoon, and by the next morning, I’d created a movement,” said Taub.
At first, she wasn’t sure what to do. 
“I was like: ‘Ah, OK, wait a minute. I’m a law professor. I can plan an academic conference, but how am I going to do this?’
“I had a choice: I could just walk away, turn off my phone and get back to academia, or I could help this thing come to life. I didn’t want to let go – it was too exciting!” 
She joined the executive committee for the march, along with other community organizers. Her husband, the artist Michael Kuch, designed a poster that has been printed for 40 marches.
More than 130 events will take place this Saturday, with a full list of times and places available on the Tax March website. The DC march, which kicks off at 12pm at the US Capitol west front fountain, is expected to be the biggest: more than 50,000 people have listed themselves on Facebook as interested or attending. 
Congresswoman Maxine Waters and Senator Ron Wyden will speak in DC. A giant inflatable chicken adopted as the march mascot – it both resembles Trump and questions if he is too chicken to release his tax returns – is already popping up around DC.
For Taub, Trump releasing his tax returns is important for two reasons: the first is “the tradition of transparency”, and the second is the public’s ability to identify conflicts of interest between Trump’s real estate and business holdings and his domestic and foreign policy.
“I believe the president should serve in the public interest and not for his own personal profit,” she said.
Tax reform is Trump’s next big legislative effort and Taub wants to push for “tax fairness, and inclusion of everybody in the economy so we can not just survive but thrive”.
“We could be heading in a direction of the 1% getting a tax break and I think people are very concerned about that,” she said.
Marches are planned for as far away as New Zealand and Tokyo; major US cities including New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco; and tiny little towns in the midwest. One is being hosted at the Coachella music festival in California.
“It’s just this amazing combination of all different regions and all different sizes,” said Gwen Snyder, a community organizer in Philadelphia and national organizer of the Tax March.
Snyder notes that the Tax March has seen a lot of new community organizers like Taub emerge and want to get involved because of their frustrations at the Trump administration.
“These are newly activated folks who are building relationships and building this national network,” said Snyder.
The law professor agrees – even if she misses the quiet of her work before the march, reading and writing legal texts.
“I didn’t expect how much joy and love there would be in the resistance,” said Taub. “I’m really excited to work together for years to come. It’s been transformative for me in that way – maybe I won’t retreat back in my shell.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s former campaign manager Paul Manafort once offered to help Vladimir Putin advance Moscow’s interests as part of a multimillion-dollar contract agreed with a Russian billionaire with close ties to the Kremlin, it has been reported.
According to a report by the Associated Press released on Wednesday, Manafort proposed a confidential strategy in 2005 whereby he would influence US politics, business dealings and news coverage inside the US, Europe and the former Soviet republics, in a way that would benefit the Putin government.
The explosive allegation comes days after James Comey, the FBI director, confirmed before a congressional hearing that the FBI was investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election and possible coordination between the Kremlin and Trump campaign officials. While Comey repeatedly refused to name the subject or subjects of the investigation, Manafort is one of several former Trump campaign officials known to have ties to Ukraine and Russia.
He resigned from his role as Trump campaign chairman after it emerged last year that he had worked as a covert Washington lobbyist for a pro-Russia political party in Ukraine.
It is not clear based on the AP report whether Manafort, a longtime Washington lobbyist, followed through on his pitch to help Putin. But the AP said the detailed offer was made to the Russian aluminium magnate Oleg Deripaska, a close ally of Putin for whom Manafort worked.
Citing interviews with several people familiar with the payment, AP said that Manafort signed a $10m annual contract with Deripaska that began in 2006. The business relationship lasted until 2009, it reported, based on one person familiar with the work.
According to a 2005 memo by Manafort to Deripaska obtained by AP, Manafort said: “We are now of the belief that this model can greatly benefit the Putin government if employed at the correct levels with the appropriate commitment to success.” He added that he could offer “a great service that can re-focus, both internally and externally, the policies of the Putin government”.
In a statement, Manafort told the Guardian he had “always publicly acknowledged that I worked for Mr Deripaska and his company, Rusal, to advance its interests”. 
“For example, one of the projects involved supporting a referendum in Montenegro that allowed that country to choose membership in the EU, a measure that Russia opposed,” he added. “I did not work for the Russian government. Once again, smear and innuendo are being used to paint a false picture.”
He told AP: “I worked with Oleg Deripaska almost a decade ago representing him on business and personal matters in countries where he had investments. My work for Mr Deripaska did not involve representing Russian political interests.”
White House press secretary Sean Spicer attempted to distance the administration from Manafort, saying his work for Deripaska happened during “the last decade”. Trump was not aware of Manafort’s clients from that era and there were “no suggestions” Manafort did anything improper, Spicer said.
Earlier this week he had claimed the former campaign chairman had played a “very limited” role for a “very limited amount of time”. But the AP reported that Manafort and some of his associates remained close to Trump’s inner circle, and Manafort told a colleague that he continues to speak to the US president.
Deripaska, one of the richest men in Russia, is considered one of Putin’s closest allies. A spokesman for Deripaska declined to answer questions, AP said.
The revelations are important because they appear to show that Manafort had much closer links to Russia than was previously known. Among other new details, AP reported that Manafort had made plans to open an office in Moscow and that some of the work that Manafort did in Ukraine – work that was already publicly known – was actually directed by Deripaska. 
AP also reported that Manafort allegedly told Deripaska in 2005 that he was pushing policies as part of his work in Ukraine “at the highest levels of the US government – the White House, Capitol Hill and the State Department”, and claimed to have hired an international law firm with close ties to the then US president, George W Bush, to support his clients’ interest.
 It is not known whether Manafort is a subject of the FBI’s counterintelligence investigation. But his name was mentioned more than two dozen times by members of Congress in their questioning of Comey. 
AP reported that Manafort did not disclose his lobbying work to the US Department of Justice at the time that his contracts were in place, a requirement for so-called foreign agents – people who lobby on behalf of foreign leaders or political parties. Failing to register is a felony punishable by up to five years in prison and hefty legal fines. 
According to the AP, the $10m contract that Manafort eventually sealed with Deripaska was agreed through a Delaware-listed company called LOAV Ltd, which used his former address in Alexandria, Virginia. Manafort now owns an apartment in Trump Tower in New York City.
Additional reporting by Ben Jacobs in Washington



ARTICLE
When Donald Trump delivered his first address to Congress 10 days ago, sticking dutifully, for once, to the teleprompter, the media praised him for sounding statesmanlike and presidential. But one person, sitting in a front-row seat just a few feet away, thought differently.
Bernie Sanders was growing more aghast with every sentence. Then, when Trump began to talk about the environment, the 75-year-old independent senator from Vermont nearly laughed out loud. Earlier that day, the president signed an executive order that gutted federal controls against the pollution of rivers and waterways. Now he was standing before US legislators pledging to “promote clean air and clear water”.
“The hypocrisy was beyond belief!” says Sanders, still scarcely able to contain himself. “To talk about protecting clean air and water on the same day that you issue an order that will increase pollution of air and water!”
Sanders’ Senate office in DC has an untouched quality, as though the rocket launcher that propelled him last year from relative obscurity to credible contender for the White House has left no trace. The office walls display quaint photographs of his home state – a field of cows labeled Spring in Vermont – and there’s a bookshelf stacked with distinctly Bernie-esque titles such as Never Give In and The Induced Ignorance of Power.
Sanders sweeps into the room wearing a casual sweater. His white hair is tousled, and he has the distracted look of someone dragged away from concentrated study. But when we start talking, he is immediately transfixing. In a flash, it is clear why so many have felt the Bern: because he feels it so intensely himself.
“These are very scary times for the people of the United States, and … for the whole world. We have a president who is a pathological liar. Trump lies all of the time.” And Sanders believes the lying is not accidental: “He lies in order to undermine the foundations of American democracy.” Take his “wild attacks against the media, that virtually everything the mainstream media says is a lie.” Or Trump’s denigration of one of George W Bush’s judicial appointees as a “so-called judge”, and his false claims that up to 5 million people voted illegally in the election. Such statements, which Sanders calls “delusional”, are meant to lead to only one conclusion, he says: “that the only person in America who stands for the American people, who is telling the truth, the only person who gets it right, is the president of the United States, Donald Trump. That is unprecedented in American history.”
He travels even deeper into dystopian territory when I ask what, in his view, Trump’s endgame might be. “What he wants is to end up as leader of a nation that has moved a significant degree towards authoritarianism; where the president of the United States has extraordinary powers, far more than our constitution has provided for.” 
Sanders is well into his stride by now, conducting the interview with great waves of his arms, punching out words in that distinctive Brooklyn-Vermont growl. It’s impossible not to be drawn in by a man who comes across as this authentic.
Sanders occupies an exalted pedestal in American politics today. In 2016 he won 23 primary and caucus races to Clinton’s 34, notching up 13 million votes. Given the odds stacked against him – Clinton’s establishment firepower; the skewed weighting of the “superdelegates” that tipped the primaries in her direction by reserving 15% of the votes for the party establishment; and the cynical efforts of the party machine through the Democratic national convention to undermine Sanders’ campaign by casting aspersions on his leadership abilities and religious beliefs, as revealed in the Russian-hacked WikiLeaks emails – that was no mean achievement.
If he had won the nomination, would he have beaten Trump? I feel a blowback to the question even as I pose it. Sanders’ body language expresses displeasure as crushingly as any verbal putdown: his face crumples, his shoulders hunch, and he looks as though someone is jabbing him with needles. “I don’t think it’s a worthwhile speculation,” he says. “The answer is: who knows? Possibly yes, possibly no.”
Moving swiftly on. Did he anticipate the result on election night, or was he as shocked as many others when Trump began to sweep rust belt states such as Michigan and Wisconsin – states, incidentally, in which Sanders also defeated Clinton in the primary/caucus stage? “I wasn’t expecting it, but it wasn’t a shock. When I went to bed the night before, I thought it was two-to-one, three-to-one that Clinton would win, but it wasn’t like, ‘Oh, there’s no chance Trump could do it’. That was never my belief.”
Sanders’ sanguine response was rooted in his familiar critique of modern capitalism – that it has left the US, alongside the UK and other major democracies, vulnerable to rightwing assault. This is how he connects Trump with Brexit, and in turn with the jitters gripping continental Europe ahead of elections in France and Germany – common manifestations all, he believes, of the ravages of globalization. 
“One of the reasons for Brexit, for Trump’s victory, for the rise of ultra-nationalist rightwing candidates all over Europe, is the fact that the global economy has been very good for large multinational corporations, has in many ways been a positive thing for well-educated people, but there are millions of people in this country and all over the world who have been left behind.”
I tell him that last September I had an epiphany as I watched Trump tell a ballroom of billionaires at the Waldorf Astoria in Manhattan that he would get all the steelworkers back to work. Steelworkers? How on Earth did the Democratic party, the party of labour, cede so much political ground that a billionaire – “phoney billionaire”, Sanders corrects me, firmly – could stand before other billionaires at the Waldorf and pose as the champion of steelworkers?
“That is an excellent question,” he says, needles turning to roses. “Over the last 30 or 40 years the Democratic party has transformed itself from a party of the working class – of white workers, black workers, immigrant workers – to a party significantly controlled by a liberal elite which has moved very far away from the needs of … working families in this country.”
He goes on to lament what he sees as an unnecessary dichotomy between the identity politics favoured by those liberal elites and the traditional labour roots of the movement – steelworkers, say. He is so incensed about this false division that it even dictates his self-perception: “I consider myself a progressive and not a liberal for that reason alone,” he says.
 I ask him to flesh out the thought. He replies that the liberal left’s focus on sectional interests – whether defined by gender, race or immigrant status – has obscured the needs of a shrinking middle class suffering from huge levels of income inequality. It didn’t need to have been that way. “The truth is, we can and should do both. It’s not an either/or, it’s both.”
Does he see a similar pattern in the trajectory of Britain’s Labour party? His face starts to crumple again, UK politics apparently also being on his list of undesirable discussion topics. “I don’t want to say I know more than I do,” he says, adding, after a beat, “but obviously I am somewhat informed.”
There is a cord that ties Sanders to the UK, in the form of his elder brother, Larry, who lives in Oxford and who ran unsuccessfully last October as a Green party candidate for the Witney seat left vacant by the departure of former prime minister David Cameron. Sanders has described Larry as a large influence on his life, though he says they haven’t been in touch lately. “We talk once in a while.”
Add family matters to the needle category. He’s reticent, too, about discussing Jeremy Corbyn, deflecting a question about the current travails of the Labour leader by again saying: “I don’t know all the details.”
But he is happy to take an implicit poke at Tony Blair and New Labour, which he suggests fell into the same profound hole that the current US Democratic party is in. “Corbyn has established that there is a huge gap between what was the Labour party leadership and the rank-and-file Labour party activists – he made that as clear as clear could be … Leadership has got to reflect where working people and young people are in the UK.”
It’s all starting to sound pretty depressing. Much of the modern left has detached itself from working people; the vacuum created has in turn permitted that Waldorf moment where steelworkers turn to (phoney) billionaires for salvation; in the ensuing melee we see the rise of Trump, Brexit and the far right, hurtling the world’s leading democracies into the abyss.
Thankfully, that’s not the end of the narrative. Sanders is too driven a person, too committed to his own worldview, to leave us dangling in a dystopian fog. And with reason: he remains a formidable force to be reckoned with. Though he’s less in the conversation these days than he was at the height of his epic battle with Clinton, no one should make the error of thinking that Sanders is done.
Technically still an independent, he is busily lobbying to reform the internal rules of the Democratic party to give more clout to rank-and-file voters and less to party insiders, in order, he says, to tighten that gap between liberal elite and steelworker. He also continues to use the force of his grassroots activism to push the party towards a more radical economic position, based on regulating Wall Street and taxing the wealthy – and claims some success in that regard. 
“The platform of the Democratic party doesn’t go as far as I would like,” he says, “but I worked on it with Clinton and it is far and away the most progressive platform in the history of American politics.”
In the Senate, too, he’s active in the confirmation process for Trump’s nominations. In particular, he vows to give the president’s pick for the vacant seat on the US supreme court, Neil Gorsuch, a rough ride over his stances on abortion and the Citizens United campaign finance ruling, which unleashed corporate money into elections.
Gorsuch hasn’t ruled on abortion directly, but he has indicated that he believes that the “intentional taking of human life is always wrong”, and on campaign finance he has hinted that he would open up the political process to even more private cash. 
I ask Sanders why he isn’t minded to go further with Gorsuch. Why not take a leaf from the Republican book and just say no – after all, they refused even to consider Obama’s supreme court choice, Merrick Garland, effectively stealing the seat from the Democrats.
“There are reasons to say no. You don’t say, ‘I’m going to vote no before I even know who the candidate is.’”
But that’s what the Republicans did, I press.
“I think it’s more effective to give a rational reason,” he replies with finality.
But the real work of Sanders and the resistance begins when the lights of his Senate office are turned off, the squabbles of DC are left behind, and he takes his brand of progressive populism out to the American heartlands. He’s doing it largely unnoticed – not stealthily, but quietly, without much fanfare. But it’s happening, and with a clear goal: to rebuild the progressive movement from the bottom up.
There are shades here of the Tea Party movement, the disruptive rightwing grassroots group that in two short years destabilized Obama’s presidency and paved the way for everything we are witnessing today. So, is that it? Is that what Sanders is doing when he travels the country, attends rallies, addresses his legions of still adoring young supporters and urges them to resist? Is he putting down the foundations of a progressive Tea Party – as influential voices, such as the three former congressional staffers who co-authored a guide to resistance called Indivisible, have implored?
Unsurprisingly, Sanders fails to embrace the concept. But much of what he is doing, amplified by the network that grew out of his presidential campaign, Our Revolution, does follow a similar playbook: start local, shift the debate to a more radical posture, one primary election at a time.
“My job is to substantially increase the number of people participating in the political process. We’ve been quite successful in this, getting more and more people to run for office. That’s what I’m focusing on.” 
Here’s where a shaft of light pierces through the gloom: he is convinced that the resistance is already working. In a 14-minute video posted to Facebook Live immediately after Trump’s joint session to Congress, Sanders went so far as to say that Republicans were on the defensive.
Really? Defensive? That seems a bold statement, given the daily stream of executive orders and the bonfire of regulations coming out of the White House. As evidence, Sanders points to Trump and the Republicans’ much-touted plan to scrap the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare.
“Well, a funny thing happened,” the senator says. “Millions of people have been actively involved in saying, ‘Excuse me, if you want to improve the Affordable Care Act, let’s do it, but you are not simply going to repeal it and throw 20 million people out on the streets without any health insurance … Now the Republicans are scrambling, they are embarrassed, and that tells me they are on the defensive on that area.” 
He gives another, more lurid, example. Republican leaders holding regular town hall meetings across the country have been accosted in recent weeks by angry, banner-wielding protesters opposing the repeal of the healthcare law, and in some cases police have been called. In the wake of the feisty encounters, conservative leaders demanded more security at such events, which Sanders finds indicative: “When Republicans now are literally afraid to hold public meetings – some of them are arguing, ‘Oh my God, we are afraid of security issues!’ – that tells me they know that the American people are prepared to stand up and fight.”
Stand up and fight: it’s classic Bernie Sanders. And it brings us back to the original quandary: how to respond to the authoritarian threat that is Trump. What word of advice would he give a young person, a twentysomething who is scared and who feels that their country is moving against them? What should they do?
“This is what they should do,” he says, pumping out the Bern. “They should take a deep reflection about the history of this country, understand that absolutely these are very difficult and frightening times. But also understand that in moments of crisis, what has happened, time and time again, is that people have stood up and fought back. So despair is absolutely not an option.”



ARTICLE
Hillary Clinton may not have won the presidency, but she appears to have mastered the delicate art of the subtweet.
Late on Monday night, Michael Flynn resigned as US national security advisor after leaks suggested he had attempted to cover up discussions about sanctions with the Russian ambassador.
Among those reacting to the news was Phillipe Reines, who worked with Clinton when she was secretary of state.
Clinton herself then picked up on his tweet:
Reines refers to the Pizzagate conspiracy, which falsely accused Washington pizza shop Comet Ping Pong of being the centre of a child sex ring involving leading Democrats. 
When he was nominated as Trump’s national security advisor, Flynn was found by CNN to have shared fake news and interacted with members of the so-called alt-right.
His son, Michael Flynn Junior, lost his job on Trump’s transition team after helping to spread the #Pizzagate conspiracy. In a now-deleted tweet, he wrote: “Until #Pizzagate proven to be false, it’ll remain a story. The left seems to forget #PodestaEmails and the many ‘coincidences’ tied to it.”
While Clinton has not directly called out Trump on Twitter, at least by name, she – or whoever runs her account – has shown a knack for tweeting a pointed message at the right moment. Last week, after Trump tweeted angrily about a judicial decision to uphold  a temporary restraining order on his controversial travel ban, she sent a simple message:



ARTICLE
Donald Trump moved to roll back the financial regulations brought in after the last financial crisis on Friday, directing a review of the Dodd-Frank Act, which was enacted to ensure there would never be another 2008-style meltdown.
The US president said his latest executive order was necessary because the regulations were too onerous on business and hurting the economy. But the move was largely symbolic – only Congress can rewrite the legislation.
A second directive is expected to halt the implementation of an Obama-era rule that would have required brokers to act in a client’s best interest when providing retirement advice, rather than seek the highest profits for themselves.
“We desperately need to overhaul how we approach financial regulation,” said the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer. He said Dodd-Frank was a “disastrous policy” that was “crippling” the US economy.
The treasury secretary has 120 days to consult with the Financial Stability Oversight Council, established by the Dodd-Frank Act to look out for excessive risks to the US financial system, and report back on whether it was meeting Trump’s “core principles” for financial regulation. These include preventing taxpayer-funded bailouts; fostering economic growth; enabling US companies to be competitive with foreign firms in domestic and foreign markets; and advancing American interests in international financial regulatory negotiations and meetings.
Opponents of reform immediately accused Trump of caving in to Wall Street after a campaign pledge to hold banks accountable.
“Donald Trump talked a big game about Wall Street during his campaign – but as president, we’re finding out whose side he’s really on,” said Senator Elizabeth Warren, one of Trump’s fiercest critics. 
“The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis – and they will not forget what happened today.”
Before signing the order, Trump met with his business advisory panel, which includes 18 executives from large US companies including GE, Citigroup, General Motors, Tesla and Disney. 
“We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank, because frankly I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses and they can’t borrow money … They just can’t get any money because the banks just won’t let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank. So we’ll be talking about that in terms of the banking industry,” Trump said.
The president was backed by Gary Cohn, director of the national economic council and a former Goldman Sachs banker. “Americans are going to have better choices and Americans are going to have better products because we’re not going to burden the banks with literally hundreds of billions of dollars of regulatory costs every year,” Cohn said in an interview with the Wall Street Journal. 
Cohn, formerly the chief operating officer at Goldman, said the executive order was “a table-setter for a bunch of stuff that is coming”.
On the campaign trail, Trump accused Hillary Clinton and his Republican rival Ted Cruz of being “in bed” with Goldman Sachs. He also said hedge funds were “getting away with murder”.
The Dodd-Frank Act was a sweeping, bipartisan plan to overhaul the financial regulatory system after the worst crisis since the Great Depression.
The 2010 reform bill aimed to prevent the failure of a big bank from triggering a meltdown in the financial system as the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 did, setting off a wave of corporate crises that led to a global recession. The aim was to more closely monitor big institutions that are “too big to fail”, and to limit the types of risks they can take.
Trump had promised to dismantle Dodd-Frank, claiming it was holding back lending and tying up business in red tape. Among the most vulnerable areas of the act is the so-called Volcker rule, first proposed by Paul Volcker, the former Federal Reserve chairman. 
The rule seeks to put a firewall between a bank’s consumer operations and its risky trading activities, and to ensure that the bank is not making bets against the interests of its customers, as many did by betting on a housing collapse while selling mortgage-backed bonds. Cohn is a critic of the Volcker rule, as is Trump’s treasury secretary nominee, Steven Mnuchin, another former Goldman partner.
Another target will be the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, a Dodd-Frank creation originally proposed by Senator Warren. The CFPB has proved an effective consumer watchdog and has returned over $11bn to the victims of payday lenders, loan sharks and those charged excessive overdraft fees since its creation.
But the dismantling of Dodd-Frank will be met with strong opposition from Democrats, consumers and activist groups. Lisa Donner, executive director of lobby group Americans for Financial Reform, said: “What they are trying to do is make it easier for big banks to steal from people.”
Donner said the move was “a stunning betrayal of what Trump promised on his campaign trail, and that was to protect us by standing up to Wall Street. That is what the people who voted for him supported.”
But Donner said dismantling Dodd Frank would not be easy. “This is a law that was passed by Congress and needs to be changed by Congress. It can’t be done by fiat.”



ARTICLE

“Since my election, Ford, Fiat Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Walmart and many others have announced they will invest billions and billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs.”
Some of these corporations announced jobs and investment before the election, though Ford credited the president with its decision to create 700 jobs and make a $700m investment in Michigan. General Motors had committed $2.9bn and Walmart announced an expansion before any votes were cast, on the other hand, and several companies, including Chrysler, had previously agreed to create jobs.
“Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force.”
This is a grossly exaggerated claim that seems to rely on the roughly 94 million civilians who are 16 or older and not in the labor force: a figure that includes retired people, high school and college students, people with a disability, and others. The unemployment rate in January was 4.8%, or about 7.5 million people who are looking for work but can’t find it.
“Over 43 million people are now living in poverty, and over 43 million Americans are on food stamps.”
Trump is correct that about 43 million Americans are classified as living in poverty, according to the Census Bureau, after a small decline last year. He is also correct about 43 million people using food stamps, according to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. That number reached as high as 47.6 million people in 2013, during the slow recovery.
“We will create massive tax relief for the middle class.”
Trump’s tax plan cuts taxes for all Americans but, by a wide margin, disproportionately helps the wealthiest Americans. According to a conservative thinktank, the Tax Foundation, his plan would save wealthy Americans millions of dollars and add $5.3tn to the national debt. Half of Trump’s tax cuts would go to the top 1% of earners, the thinktank estimates, and most families below the top 20% of earners would have income gains of less than 1%.
“We’ve lost more than one-fourth of our manufacturing jobs since Nafta was approved, and we’ve lost 60,000 factories since China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001.”
According to a study by Ball State University’s Center for Business and Economic Research, slightly more than 10% of the manufacturing jobs lost since the 1970s were due to trade deals such as Nafta. The study estimated that 88% of factory jobs lost since the 1970s were eliminated by automation.
Economists still debate the effect of Nafta on jobs. In 2015, the Congressional Research Service wrote that the “net overall effect” was “relatively modest”. “Nafta did not cause the huge job losses feared by the critics or the large economic gains predicted by supporters.” A 2012 report by the OECD found that manufacturing jobs did flee the US after the deal was signed, but also noted the broader shift toward a service economy.
Trump is correct that China has benefited from trade deals, such as the “most favored nation” status that Bill Clinton renewed for the country. But it too has started to feel the changes of robots replacing humans in the workforce. 
“Right now, American companies are taxed at one of the highest rates anywhere in the world.”
Trump is correct about rates; the US has the third highest corporate tax rates in the world, though in practice deductions and exclusions mean that many corporations pay less than the official rate. In overall taxation, the US is not even in the top 30 highest-taxed nations in the world, according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. The OECD’s most recent data ranks the US 31st of 34 industrialized nations for tax revenue as a percentage of GDP – far behind Denmark, Britain, Germany and Luxembourg. The US ranks 17th for corporate tax revenue, and 19th for tax revenue per capita. 
“We have the worst financial recovery in 65 years.”
This claim is true only because the 2008 financial crisis was the worst economic collapse in American history except for the Great Depression, when people starved to death and moved constantly in search of work. In 1933, 25% of all workers and 37% of all non-farm workers were out of work. After the 2008 financial crisis, the US lost 8.7m jobs – in October 2010, unemployment reached a peak of 10%. The recession itself lasted 18 months, officially.
“In the last eight years, the past administration has put on more new debt than nearly all other presidents combined.”
Trump mostly has this right, except that he ignores key context: Barack Obama inherited the Oval Office while the economy was in freefall, and after his predecessor had signed a huge stimulus bill. Obama continued the recovery efforts of George W Bush, with Republican support from Congress, which ultimately controls the purse strings of government.
“Our trade deficit in goods with the world last year was nearly $800bn.”
Trump has it almost correct that the trade deficit in goods alone neared $800bn; but he ignores the surplus in services, which reduces the deficit to about $502.3 bn, according to the Census Bureau. Economists say investment, something that Trump has welcomed, also contributes to a larger deficit.
“Obamacare is collapsing.”
The Affordable Care Act’s healthcare program does have problems, but it is not “collapsing” or in the much warned “death spiral” in which rising costs push healthy people out of the market, ever increasing fees, and then pushing companies out as well. But healthcare premiums are increasing at varying rates around the country, on average by 22%, making an unstable market state-to-state. Rates were increasing before the law was enacted, however, and about 30 million people are enrolled in the program.
“By finally enforcing our immigration laws, we will raise wages, help the unemployed, save billions of dollars and make our communities safer for everyone.”
The economic benefit of Trump’s immigration plans is uncertain. The disappearance of undocumented workers could push Americans into agriculture and construction jobs over the long term, for instance, but it could also sow chaos in those industries in the short term. A fair amount of research suggests that immigration is good for the economy, and some US industries rely heavily on employees with visas (such as tech) or undocumented workers (such as agriculture).
If enacted, Trump’s plans would have also cost taxpayers billions. Trump’s promised wall would cost Americans about $21.6bn – Mexico has flatly refused to pay for it – and aggressive deportation plans could cost billions more, especially if Trump greatly expands the number of federal border agents and the number of private prison contractors.

“We’ve defended the borders of other nations while leaving our own border wide open for anyone to cross and for drugs to pour in and at a now unprecedented rate.”
The US’s borders are not “wide open for anyone to cross”, with sections of wall and fencing along the southern border, 21,000 Customs and Border Patrol agents and a recent history of aggressive deportation. Barack Obama has deported a record of more than 2.5 million people, including a record 438,421 people in 2013. The US also has extremely strict vetting for visa applicants and refugees, forcing people to go through multiple rounds of interviews, background checks and medical screenings.
“Where proper vetting cannot occur … we cannot allow a beachhead of terrorism to establish itself in America.”
Trump’s suggestion that the current vetting methods cannot account for the systems of countries abroad has flipped the procedure of vetting on its head. The system, among the most intensive screening process in the world for refugees, relies on US agencies to vet applicants, and not those of countries abroad. Refugees must pass multiple background checks and interviews with several agencies, as well as medical checks, fingerprint and photo screenings. The process takes 18-24 months.
“We’ve spent trillions and trillions of dollars overseas while our infrastructure at home has so badly crumbled.”
“America has spent approximately $6tn in the Middle East, all this while our infrastructure at home is crumbling. With this $6tn we could have rebuilt our country – twice.”
Trump does not specify what spending he’s referring to – though the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq have cost an estimated $4.79tn, according to a study by Brown University researchers. 
Trump is correct that US infrastructure, in general, is in dire need of repair and reconstruction. In 2013, the American Society of Civil Engineers reported that the government needs to spend roughly $1.4 tn over the next decade, or $3.6tn by 2020, to overcome the shortfall in infrastructure funding.
Trump’s claim of $6tn is misleading: it includes estimates of future spending, including veterans’ care for decades in the future.
“Jamiel’s 17-year-old son was viciously murdered by an illegal immigrant gang member, who had just been released from prison.”
Trump’s anecdote suggests a link between immigrants and crime, but anecdotes about individuals do not paint an accurate picture of about 11 million people, most of whom are not violent offenders or aggravated felons.
On the contrary, presidential commissions and recent academic research has in general found no links between immigrants and crime, or lower rates of crime correlated to cities with more immigrants compared to those with fewer immigrants.
“The murder rate in 2015 experienced its largest single-year increase in nearly half a century. In Chicago, more than 4,000 people were shot last year alone – and the murder rate so far this year has been even higher.”
Trump has accurately stated a statistic he often distorts. Last September, the FBI reported that murders and non-negligent manslaughter rose in the US by 10.8% in 2015, the largest single-year increase since 1971. That is not the same as saying there are more murders in the US than at any point since 1971: 15,696 murders were reported in 2015, down from the 1991 high of 24,703. The murder rate declined 42% from 1993 to 2014, even though the population increased by a quarter.
Trump correctly cites Chicago’s number of shooting victims; the city has suffered a significant increase in gun violence in the last two years, though it has yet to reach the highs of the mid-1990s. This year has started even more violently than 2016 did, with at least 513 people shot so far in 2017. But fewer people have been killed compared with the same period in 2016, according to the Chicago Tribune, and police do not trust a few months’ worth of data to estimate a trend.



ARTICLE
As Donald Trump prepares to issue his first address before a joint session of Congress on Tuesday, he will bring with him as guests the family members of those killed by undocumented immigrants to cast a spotlight on illegal immigration.
The White House issued a guest list for the president and first lady, Melania Trump, which included three relatives who lost loved ones at the hands of an individual found to have entered the country illegally. 
Jessica Davis and Susan Oliver, the widows of two California police officers who were fatally shot in 2014 by an undocumented immigrant, were attending. The 34-year-old man charged in the Sacramento area slayings had twice been deported from the US. 
Another guest, Jamiel Shaw Sr, is the father of a 17-year-old boy who was shot and killed in 2008 by an undocumented immigrant. Shaw spoke in favor of Trump at the Republican national convention in Cleveland last year.
Although Trump let it be known on Tuesday at a lunch with television networks that he was open to immigration reform which would grant legal status to some undocumented people, administration officials said Trump planned to emphasize his plans to crack down on illegal immigration. The president has already signed executive orders that would dramatically expanded the pool of immigrants targeted for deportation and set in motion the building of a wall along the US-Mexico border.
On the campaign trail, Trump’s rallies and speeches routinely featured the stories of victims killed by immigrants who arrived in the US illegally – even though such cases are extremely rare. 
Two of Trump’s other guests on Tuesday have stories tied to healthcare: Megan Crowley, who is the survivor of a rare and often fatal disease and whose father launched a pharmaceutical company; and Jessica Gregory, who along with her mother will sit near Melania Trump and who also persevered through a life-threatening disease.
During his remarks, Trump is expected to lay out a vision for healthcare policy. He has insisted his plan remains to repeal and replace Barack Obama’s healthcare law, but Republicans have yet to coalesce around a clear alternative. 
Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a deputy press secretary at the White House, told reporters the primary reason for selecting guests was to highlight “specific parts of the speech and specific parts of the agenda”.
“It’s pretty obvious the reason that most of them are there,” Sanders said of Trump’s guests. 
“And he’s laid out those priorities since day one of his administration, so I think it’s pretty self-explanatory.”
It’s commonplace for presidents and members of Congress to choose guests for the annual address who help to advance a political message. Obama invited several victims of gun violence to his State of the Union address in 2013 while making a passionate plea for a vote on stricter gun laws in the wake of the Sandy Hook elementary school massacre in Newtown, Connecticut. 
Democrats seized on Trump’s first speech before Congress as an opportunity to take a stand against his policies toward immigrants and Muslims. 
Among their guests were undocumented immigrants brought to the US as children, known as Dreamers, who fear Trump will dismantle Obama’s 2012 order granting millions of them temporary legal status. 
Other guests brought by Democrats included those affected by Trump’s travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries. The White House is expected to unveil a revised executive order this week that will reinstate the ban, which was suspended by a federal appeals court earlier this month.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s new national security adviser has told staff at the White House he does not wish to use the term “radical Islamic terrorism” to describe the terrorist threat the US faces, according to multiple sources.
HR McMaster, a respected army lieutenant general, struck notes more consistent with traditional counterterrorism analysts and espoused consensus foreign-policy views during a meeting he held with his new National Security Council staff on Thursday. 
Some in the meeting left with questions about whether McMaster’s evident disagreements with Trump and his key aides portend further turbulence for the key national security and foreign policy decision-making forum.
Participants tell the Guardian that they were struck by the contrast between McMaster’s worldview and that of the president, who has repeatedly used a phrase that Muslims in the US and globally feel portrays them as threats to be confronted. 
A participant, paraphrasing McMaster, said: “He said he doesn’t want to call it radical Islamic terrorism because the terrorists are, quote, ‘un-Islamic’.”
McMaster, the participant said, indicated that the phrase castigates “an entire religion” and “he’s not on board”.
At the meeting, multiple sources said, McMaster discomfited White House staffers who view the terrorist threat in those religious terms and who were said to have exchanged awkward looks with each other.
At other points in the meeting, McMaster laid out a vigorous defense of the post-second world war liberal order, calling it a guarantor of peace and economic prosperity. Staffers inferred that McMaster was signaling to professional staff on the National Security Council that he subscribed to longstanding US foreign-policy goals, which Trump has attacked as yielding a chaotic world. 
One source said McMaster was “very clear” that he viewed Russia “as an adversary”, a position not shared by Trump and which is at the center of a Washington firestorm – one which brought down McMaster’s predecessor, Michael Flynn. 
Flynn lost his job after misrepresenting to Vice-President Mike Pence conversations he had with the Russian ambassador over sanctions easement, something the treasury department subsequently relaxed for US companies doing business with the Russian FSB intelligence service. 
Many in Washington, particularly Democrats, suspect Trump’s warmer relations with Russia are payback for what the US intelligence community has assessed to be Russian interference in the 2016 election for Trump’s benefit. On Friday, the White House confirmed that chief of staff Reince Priebus spoke with the director and deputy director of the FBI to knock down news stories about what the intelligence agencies have intercepted about Russian contacts with the Trump presidential campaign.
Some considered McMaster’s meeting to signal a departure from Flynn’s style. Flynn is said to have held one meeting with the NSC staff about halfway through his 24-day tenure, and did not email many staffers, leaving some to wonder what they were meant to be working on. 
By contrast, McMaster is said to have emailed NSC staff on his first day in office. 
While McMaster did not hold a question-and-answer session in the meeting, he indicated he wanted to solicit information about what at the NSC is and is not working. 
But McMaster did not indicate a position on the propriety of a parallel policymaking body, known as the Strategic Initiatives Group or Sig, that has alarmed current and former NSC officials and experts. 
The body, which reports to White House strategy chief Steve Bannon, the former chairman of the white-nationalist-sympathetic Breitbart News site, includes deputy assistant to the president Sebastian Gorka. Both have expressed that the terrorist threat derives from Islam itself, as did Flynn. The administration is reportedly working to reframe an Obama-era initiative, Countering Violent Extremism, with an exclusive focus on Islam. 
William McCants, a counterterrorism analyst at the Brookings Institution, wrote in Politico on Thursday that McMaster’s appointment has worried “America’s most influential Islamophobes,” including the activists behind the Ground Zero Mosque controversy. McMaster’s more nuanced views on terrorism, McCants wrote, are causing them discomfort. 
Trump’s views on Islam have already led to at least one prominent resignation from the NSC staff. Rumana Ahmed, who worked on strategic communications, wrote in the Atlantic on Thursday that she resigned after Trump barred immigration from seven Muslim countries and said his “radical Islamic terrorism” rhetoric mirrored that of Islamic State. 
Some at the meeting with more traditionalist foreign policy perspectives felt buoyed by McMaster’s talk but wondered how he will “work in context with the rest of the White House”.



ARTICLE
The premiere of a virtual reality short by Oscar-winning director Kathryn Bigelow was already a high-profile event at the Tribeca Film Festival on Saturday night. And then Hillary Clinton walked onstage.
Clinton was an unannounced panelist, there to discuss the scourge of elephant poaching – the subject of Bigelow’s eight-minute film The Protectors: Walk in the Rangers’ Shoes, about park rangers trying to save elephants in Garamba national park in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
She spoke about her work to save elephants from poachers slaughtering them for their ivory tusks, both as secretary of state in the Obama administration, and later with her family foundation, the Clinton Global Initiative. 
“We’ve got to bust this market so it can’t come back,” she said.
Before Clinton and the three other panelists were interviewed by Bigelow, the audience donned virtual reality headsets at their seats and experienced – in 360 degrees – what it’s like to be one of the 200 rangers fighting well-armed poachers in the park the size of Delaware. 
The film gives the viewer both the experience of being in the grass and searching for poachers, and up in the air looking down. A wrenching scene shows the rangers arriving at the carcass of a slaughtered elephant. 
“I realized that there was an intersection between poaching and terrorism, which led me to this project,” Bigelow said. 
The director of The Hurt Locker and Zero Dark Thirty directed the short along with Imraan Ismail, a virtual-reality veteran, who also was on Saturday’s panel. 
“They’re outmanned and outgunned and they’re putting themselves in the line of fire,” Ismail said of the rangers. 
Clinton told the audience that she first became focused on what she called “the horrific slaughter of elephants” when she was secretary of state. 
“It became clear to everyone that this was not just a terrible crisis when it came to the elephant population, it was a trade, a trafficking that was funding a lot of bad folks, a lot of bad actors,” she said. 
“It was being used to take ivory and sell it in order to buy more weapons, and support the kind of terroristic activity that these and other groups were engaged in.” 
Clinton noted that while China was the biggest market for illegal ivory, the United States was the second-biggest. “So China is going to be a key player but we are, too,” she said. 
The former Democratic presidential candidate noted that Saturday was Earth Day, “and we are marching on behalf of science”, referring to marches throughout the US. 
“And part of science is understanding the intricate relationships that we share with all those on this planet and particularly large mammals like elephants, who have a role to play both in reality and in our imaginations,” she said. 
Clinton told Bigelow that her virtual reality film was “so critical, because it is a portal – a portal that people can go into and think about, ‘Here we are in New York, what can I do?’
“And there is a lot that can be done – stop the killing, stop the trafficking, and stop the demand. And part of that is protecting these rangers, who are up against some of the most ruthless killers anywhere on the planet right now, and doing the very best they can.” 
The Tribeca appearance was one of a series Clinton has made lately in New York, including turning up at several Broadway shows, speaking at a recent women’s conference, and accepting an award this week from an LGBT community group. Audiences have greeted her with loud cheers and ovations, as they did on Saturday night. 
National Geographic will release Bigelow’s short on 1 May on the virtual reality app Within, and on YouTube and Facebook360 the following week. The film is a co-production of the virtual reality company Here Be Dragons and the film production company Annapurna Pictures. 



ARTICLE
Derrick Watson, a district judge in Honolulu, has blocked Donald Trump’s revised travel ban just hours before it was scheduled to go into effect, marking another stinging blow to the administration.
You can read the full ruling to issue a nationwide temporary restraining order (TRO) against the ban from the federal district court in Hawaii here.
Below are highlights from his sometimes scathing ruling.
On the White House’s motives:
The judge’s ruling cites several comments made by Trump – put forward by the state of Hawaii as evidence that the travel ban is, despite government denials, a Muslim ban:
Comments made by Trump adviser Rudy Giuliani have also come back into play. The court ruling includes this admission, cited by the plaintiffs as proof the ban is intended to target Muslims:
The ruling also cites comments made by Stephen Miller, a senior adviser to Trump, that the second order was a “watered-down” version of the first:
The ruling goes on, citing the Miller comments and others made by Trump and Rudy Giuliani:
Referring to Dr Elshikh – a Hawaiian resident and a Muslim, named along with the state as a plaintiff because of the alleged effects of the travel ban on himself and his family – the judge said:
A stinging rebuke, among many, to the government:
Watson also casts doubt on government claims that the ban on travelers from six Muslim-majority countries was necessary for national security reasons:
Watson concludes in his ruling that the revised ban is in fact not all that different to the original one:



ARTICLE
The US justice department is developing plans to temporarily reassign immigration judges from around the country to 12 cities to speed up deportations of undocumented immigrants who have been charged with crimes, according to two administration officials.
 How many judges will be reassigned and when they will be sent is still under review, according to the officials, but the justice department has begun soliciting volunteers for deployment.
 The targeted cities are New York; Los Angeles; Miami; New Orleans; San Francisco; Baltimore, Bloomington, Minnesota; El Paso, Texas; Harlingen, Texas; Imperial, California; Omaha, Nebraska and Phoenix, Arizona. They were chosen because they are cities which have high populations of undocumented immigrants with criminal charges, the officials said.
 A spokeswoman for the justice department’s executive office of immigration review, which administers immigration courts, confirmed that the cities have been identified as likely recipients of reassigned immigration judges but did not elaborate on the planning.
The plan to intensify deportations is in line with a vow made frequently by Donald Trump on the campaign trail last year to deport more undocumented immigrants involved in crime.
 The Department of Homeland Security asked for the judges’ reshuffle, an unusual move given that immigration courts are administered by the justice department. A homeland security spokeswoman declined to comment on any plan that has not yet been finalized.
 Under an executive order signed by the president in January, undocumented immigrants with pending criminal cases are regarded as priorities for deportation whether or not they have been found guilty.
 That is a departure from Barack Obama’s policy, which prioritized deportations only of those convicted of serious crimes.
 The policy shift has been criticized by advocacy groups who say it unfairly targets immigrants who might ultimately be acquitted and do not pose a threat.
 The cities slated to receive more judges have more than half of the 18,013 pending immigration cases that involve undocumented immigrants facing or convicted of criminal charges, according to data provided by the executive office of immigration review.
 More than 200 of those cases involve immigrants currently incarcerated, meaning that the others have either not been convicted or have served their sentence. The justice department did not provide a breakdown of how many of the remainder have been convicted and how many are awaiting trial.
As part of the Trump administration crackdown on undocumented immigrants, the justice department is also sending immigration judges to detention centers along the south-west border. Those temporary redeployments will begin Monday.
Former immigration judge and chairman of the board of immigration appeals, Paul Schmidt, said the Trump administration should not assume that all those charged with crimes would not be allowed to stay in the United States legally.
 “It seems they have an assumption that everyone who has committed a crime should be removable, but that’s not necessarily true. Even people who have committed serious crimes can sometimes get asylum,” Schmidt said.
 He also questioned the effectiveness of shuffling immigration judges from one court to another, noting that this will mean cases the judges would have handled in their usual courts will have to be rescheduled. He said that when he was temporarily reassigned to handle cases on the southern border in 2014 and 2015, cases he was slated to hear in his home court in Arlington, Virginia, had to be postponed, often for more than a year.
 “That’s what you call aimless docket reshuffling,” he said.
 Under the Obama administration, to avoid the expense and disruption of immigration judges traveling, they would often hear proceedings from other courthouses via video conference.
 The judges’ reshuffling could further logjam a national immigration court system which has more than 540,000 pending cases.
 The cities slated to receive more judges have different kinds of immigrant populations.
 Imperial, California, for example, is in one of the nation’s largest agriculture hubs, attracting large numbers of immigrant farmworkers from Mexico and Central America.
 Bloomington, Minnesota, near St Paul, is home to a large number of African immigrants, many of whom traveled from war-torn countries such as Somalia to claim asylum in the United States.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump was facing another day of trench warfare with the US Senate and the courts on Tuesday as he struggled to get his team and his conservative agenda on track.
The day began with Democrats, who had occupied the floor of the Senate through the night, trying to block the confirmation of billionaire Betsy DeVos as Trump’s education secretary.
Mike Pence became the first vice-president in history to cast a tie-breaking vote to confirm a cabinet nominee after the defection of two Republicans left the Senate deadlocked at 50 votes to 50.
In the afternoon, the fight was due to turn to the courts as Trump’s justice department prepared to mount a fresh argument aiming to resume his controversial ban on visitors to the US from seven Muslim-majority countries and a 120-day outright suspension of all refugees entering the country.
A spokesman for the ninth US circuit court of appeals said it was unlikely the court would issue a ruling Tuesday in the lawsuit over Trump’s travel ban. A ruling was more likely later in the week, David Madden said. 
DeVos, a Republican mega-donor and conservative activist, had emerged as Trump’s most controversial cabinet pick amid a public outcry over her lack of experience and record of advocating for school vouchers as part of a broader push toward privatizing the education system.
Two Republican senators, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and Susan Collins of Maine, broke with the party ranks to oppose her nomination. While Pence ultimately brought DeVos just over the finish line, the rancor over her confirmation was a sign of the resistance to come as the Trump administration seeks to advance its agenda.
Several of Trump’s cabinet nominees remain stalled in the Senate, where Democrats have boycotted committee votes and drawn upon other delaying tactics to thwart the president assembling his administration.
Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs executive, awaits a vote to head the treasury department, while Georgia representative Tom Price has yet to be confirmed as the next secretary of health and human services. The Senate moved to a debate on Tuesday over Jeff Sessions, a rightwing senator from Alabama who holds staunch views against immigration and voting rights, for the post of attorney general. 
All three are expected to eventually clear the chamber along party lines, with unanimous support from Republicans even as Democrats have sought to mount public opposition to what Chuck Schumer, the Senate Democratic leader, has called “a historically unqualified cabinet”.
The Democratic resistance to Trump’s nominees has escalated in the wake of the president’s travel ban on Muslim-majority countries, which remains embroiled in a legal battle after a federal judge temporarily blocked the executive order last week.
Trump on Tuesday threatened to take the fight to the supreme court, reiterating his claim that the travel ban was a matter of national security.
“Hopefully it doesn’t have to. It’s common sense,” Trump said of his order, which barred immigrants from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen from entering the US for a period of 90 days and suspended all refugee admissions for 120 days.
“We’re going to take it through the system,” he added. “It’s very important for the country.”
Trump’s comments were made against the backdrop of oral arguments in the challenge to his travel ban, brought against the administration by the attorney generals of Washington state and Minnesota. 
Three federal judges at the ninth US circuit court of appeals were poised to hear arguments from both sides on Tuesday.
The case was brought before the San Francisco-based court after the Trump administration challenged a ruling on Friday by James Robart, a federal judge appointed by George W Bush, that halted key provisions of the travel ban. 
The decisionwas immediately decried by Trump, who derided Robart on Twitter as a “so-called judge” and went so far as to suggest he should be blamed in the event of a terrorist attack.
While taking questions from reporters on Tuesday, Trump continued to question the independence of the judiciary branch of government.
“They want to take a lot of our powers away. Some people with the wrong intentions,” Trump said.
The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, downplayed Trump’s attacks on Robart on Tuesday, insisting the president appreciated the separation of powers.
“There’s no question the president respects the judicial branch,” Spicer told reporters at his daily press briefing.
Spicer emphasized the administration’s confidence that the appeals court would rule in its favor, dubbing the law as “crystal clear” with respect to the president’s authority. 
“The president has the discretion to do what’s necessary to keep the country safe,” he said. 
Regardless of the outcome in the appeals court, he added, “the merits of the case … are ones that we feel very confident on.”
Pressed further on Trump’s assertion that Robart and the court system would be responsible for a terrorist attack, Spicer refused to engage.
“The tweet was pretty clear,” he said.
The House speaker, Paul Ryan, also defended Trump’s criticism of the judge, noting that despite the president’s tweets the administration was following the appropriate process to challenge the ruling.
“He’s not the first president to get frustrated with a ruling from a court,” Ryan told reporters on Tuesday on Capitol Hill. 
“Look, I know he’s an unconventional president. He gets frustrated with judges. We get frustrated with judges,” Ryan added. “But he’s respecting the process and I think that’s what counts at the end of the day.”
In a court filing against the administration, attorneys for Washington state and Minnesota said on Monday Trump had “unleashed chaos” with the stroke of his pen. Reinstating the travel ban, they argued, would once again have the effect of “separating families, stranding our university students and faculty, and barring travel”.
Lawyers for the justice department countered the travel ban was “a lawful exercise of the president’s authority over the entry of aliens into the United States and the admission of refugees”.
Non-citizens outside the US, they added, held “no substantive right or basis for judicial review in the denial of a visa at all”.
Hours before the arguments were set to begin, John Kelly, the secretary for the Department of Homeland Security, defended the travel ban while testifying before members of Congress on Tuesday by warning of a future terrorist attack.
“Let’s just say, for instance, a person who is trying to get to the United States to do some harm, some terrorist attack, is coming in during this period that the courts put a stay on our enforcement,” Kelly said during a hearing before the House committee on homeland security.
“We don’t know that until an individual who’s a bad person, until they do something bad … But it’s entirely possible that someone that’s coming in, whether it’s during this stay court action or previous to this, they intend to do us harm.”
Pressed by Democrats on the panel for proof that those barred from entering the country through Trump’s order posed such a threat, Kelly continued to sound alarm bells. 
“Not until the boom,” Kelly responded. “Not until they blow something up and go into a mall and kill people. Not until then.”
An analysis of terrorist attacks on US soil between 1975 and 2015, published by the Cato Institute last month, found that foreign nationals from the seven countries singled out by Trump’s executive order have killed zero Americans.



ARTICLE
It was the moment the world sat up and started to take notice of the US presidential campaign. Donald Trump had made headlines before, in June 2015, when he had called for a “great, great wall” along the Mexican border. Back then, he was hovering around ninth place in a crowded field of Republican candidates. But by 7 December, when he released a short statement calling for the “total and complete shutdown” of Muslim immigration, he was the frontrunner for his party’s nomination. His message, that Islam itself was a threat to America, was heard loud and clear across the globe, not least by 1.6 billion Muslims.
Now, as president, he appears to be following through. On Friday he stunned us again by announcing that citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries – encompassing around 220 million people – would be barred from entering the US for 90 days. On Sunday, his long-time ally, Rudy Giuliani, traced the order back to a conversation about the “Muslim ban” in which Trump asked him to “show me the right way to do it legally”. While commentators have had their work cut out trying to follow the twists and turns of Trump’s logic on everything from climate change to the CIA, on this issue his attitude has been consistent. If there is a Trump doctrine, “war on Islam” has to be a strong contender.
An apocalyptic view of Islamist terrorism is the thread that connects many of his appointments, be they military men, Breitbarters or TV pundits. National security adviser Michael Flynn has written: “I’m totally convinced that, without a proper sense of urgency, we will be eventually defeated, dominated, and very likely destroyed,” adding: “Do you want to be ruled by men who eagerly drink the blood of their dying enemies?”
Flynn’s deputy, KT Macfarland argued that, without American leadership, global jihadism will “usher in its version of paradise – the destruction of the apostates and unbelievers and the triumph of the caliphate”. National Security Council member Sebastian Gorka wrote: “America is now in a threat environment that makes some … look back wistfully at the cold-war years when the only real threat was the spread of communism”. Today, the official Trump platform includes the pledge: “We will defeat the ideology of radical Islamic terrorism just as we won the cold war.”
Steve Bannon, the man whom many regard as the ideological linchpin of the administration, believes we are “at the beginning stages of a global war against Islamic fascism”. In a surprise move at the weekend, Bannon was appointed to the council, the principal body advising the president on foreign policy and intelligence.
Members of that team differ in the extent to which they distinguish between Islam and violent distortions of it. Before his appointment to the administration, Flynn, for example, tweeted a YouTube video with the title “Fear of Muslims is RATIONAL” from his verified account. The tweet has not been deleted. In contrast, special assistant to the president, Derek Harvey, believes that “the threat is the extremist interpretation of Islam”. Macfarland has written: “Not all the world’s 1.6 billion Muslims are extremists or terrorists. Not by a long shot.” However, she warns that “even if just 10% of 1% are radicalised, that’s a staggering 1.6 million people bent on destroying western civilization”. One 2014 estimate put the number of active jihadists at between 85,000 and 106,000 – or around 0.006% of all Muslims.
Trump’s own understanding of Islam appears to be superficial. “I’ve had good instincts in life, and a lot of this is instinct,” he told the Washington Post last year. It’s also the influence of men including Frank Gaffney, whose thinktank, the Center for Security Policy (CSP), briefed Trump on sharia law before the crucial Iowa caucuses in February 2016. The CSP believes that “American civil and political society is under systematic, sustained and seditious assault – a ‘Stealth Jihad’ – by adherents to Shariah”. Incredibly, Gaffney himself suggested that the Obama administration had inserted an Islamic crescent moon into the logo of the Missile Defense Agency.
Gaffney hasn’t, as yet, been rewarded with a post in the administration. But Flynn’s and Bannon’s closeness to the president means their clash-of-civilisations rhetoric and blurring of the line between Islam and jihadism carry real authority. The question is: what effect will this actually have on terrorism, in the US and around the world?
Katerina Dalacoura, associate professor of international relations at the London School of Economics, thinks Flynn’s framing of the problem is wrong, for a start. “We have a situation very different from the cold war one,” she says. “Within the Soviet Union and eastern Europe generally, you had the population at large being sympathetic to the United States. The US was able to play a role of upholder of certain values because politically it had been unable to interfere. In the case of the Middle East, the US has no such standing. In fact, it’s the opposite – I think that through decades of intervention, [it] has been turned into an illegitimate actor.”
“It may be able to play that role in 10 or 20 years, if it continues to pull out of the Middle East. But not at this moment.”
Sir Jeremy Greenstock, a former chair of the UN Security Council’s counter-terrorism committee, is similarly sceptical. “I don’t think Islamic terrorism is an existential threat to western democracy. Western democracy has got other kinds of problems, in populism, in reaction against globalisation, in the fragmentation of political cultures, in the rise of the local over the collective. I would put terrorism way down the list of real existential concerns.” He describes it, instead, as a “lethal nuisance”.
In terms of the fight against Isis, he expects American action around Mosul to continue, with the focus moving, in due course, to Raqqa. Eliminating these strongholds is unlikely to be the end of the story, however. “You’ve got to look at what other kinds of terrorist action are going to be stimulated by the loss of territory where Isis had wanted to form a caliphate … they will have to start showing that terrorism has teeth in other ways, including presumably, in incidents in western democracies.”
This is not an argument for allowing Isis to remain in Syria and Iraq, he says. Instead, “if there is to be a global anti-terrorist coalition that is effective, it’s got to deal with some of the causes of it, rather than the symptoms. It’s got to deal with governance in the Middle East, it’s got to deal with ungoverned space in other territories … I don’t see any signs from Trump yet that he has formed a proactive, comprehensive policy that deals with the whole phenomenon of 21st-century terrorism.”
Despite this, Trump’s strong-man stance has fans – and not just among the 65% of his voters who viewed terrorism as a “major problem”. James Carafano, a fellow at the conservative Heritage Foundation who served on the Trump transition committee, sounds as if he is looking forward to the change in tone. “The previous administration, because they didn’t want anything to be perceived as anti-Muslim or focused on a specific religion, kind of tried to vanilla-ize or neuter the programmes by using terms such as ‘countering violent extremism’, ‘counter radicalisation’, or whatever else. And I think that will go away. Very clearly the administration will say look, we’re focusing on stopping … Islamist-related transnational terrorism.” One unambiguous token of this came on Saturday, when a US raid in the Yakla district of Yemen was said by the Pentagon to have killed 14 members of al-Qaida.
Will a military solution result in blowback? Carofano calls this argument “stupid”. “At the peak of hard power [from] the US, which is about 2007-2008, when they crushed the uprising in Iraq, the terrorism numbers actually plummeted. And when Obama went to this kind of ‘let’s move away from hard power into the more soft power and more stealthy approach’, the numbers skyrocketed.” Carofano is right that total deaths from terrorism dipped after 2007, but they rose above those levels only after the beginning of the Syrian civil war, in 2011.
Was Trump’s promise to eradicate “radical Islamic terrorism … from the face of the earth” realistic? “Here’s why this is a stupid question: people all the time say we want to eliminate poverty, and nobody says, ‘Well that’s stupid, you can’t eliminate all poverty’ … nobody has a problem with that.”
There is a home front to this ramped-up “war on terror”, and many Muslim Americans are profoundly anxious about the possible impact on their lives. Moustafa Bayoumi, professor at Brooklyn College and author of How Does It Feel To Be a Problem?, says: “It’s clear that Trump uses Islam as a kind of rhetorical prop to feed his populism. But I think that he has also developed a cabinet that has some internal contradictions. There is Flynn, for sure, and he’s not inconsequential, but [John] Kelly, on the homeland security front, seems more reasonable.” Does he think Trump has a fear of Muslims? “That’s a good question, and I think it asks for coherence from an incoherent mind.”
The 15 years since 9/11 have been difficult for the Muslim community – he cites, among other things, warrantless surveillance and FBI informants. “But, on the other hand, the state has functioned on many levels to preserve the sphere of civil society for Muslim Americans. Things such as the justice department filing suit for problems with mosque construction.” Under Obama, the federal government sued several cities for religious discrimination after they had refused permits for new mosques. “I’m not sure that we’re going to see that from a Jeff Sessions justice department. I’m not sure we’re going to have the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission take on Muslim discrimination cases with the same kind of interest.”
“Even George W Bush,” Bayoumi says, “was trying to preserve a certain sense that the government will be in charge of patrolling Muslims, not vigilantes. Whereas, under Trump, I could see how that they could just both become the same thing. We’ll lose that sense of guarantee of equal protection under the law.”
That raises the prospect of a vicious circle. Enhanced vetting for Muslims will just make everyone else more suspicious. “I know when I fly, on those few occasions when I’ve actually been taken away from the line for a special screening then taken back to the line, it hardly makes anybody, myself included, feel more comfortable,” he laughs. “The extra scrutiny is just going to make everybody more Islamophobic, and this is just going to make Muslims feel more alienated.”
Scott Atran, an anthropologist with unrivalled field experience of radicalisation – he’s just come back from interviewing members of Islamic State near Mosul – deplores the visa ban and many of the other signals coming from the Trump team. “That stigmatises all citizens of those countries, many of whom sacrificed their lives for what they thought was advancing the values and goals of both countries. Just take Iraq – the US invaded Iraq, the country fell apart, tens of thousands of people tried to help the United States in their efforts there, and now you’re basically saying they’re not allowed in either? You can’t just turn your back on people whose lives you put in harm’s way.”
There are many reasonable Americans who would counter that, whatever the antecedents, Iraq is now a safe haven for many violent jihadists. Doesn’t it make sense to reduce the likelihood of one of them getting through to zero? “There have not been problems with people coming from Libya, Syria, or Iraq, because they are very carefully vetted. So I think this just plays to a general fear.”
The hard edges of Trumpian counter-terrorism represent an attempt to placate the people who supported him, says Atran, and “to give a general sense that he’s trying to protect the American homeland. I don’t think it will be very effective or meaningful, except that it works psychologically on voters.” Moreover, the idea that everyday Islam shades into violent jihadism is “a disastrous line to take. It’s one that plays directly to the Islamic State’s desire to eliminate the grey zone between believers and non-believers, by saying that the overwhelming majority of Muslims who simply want a more peaceful life are in essence no different from the people who commit murder and wish to harm innocents. How can that possibly be useful? It risks only fanning the flames of anger, violence and opposition to peace, not only among American citizens, but across the world.”
The problem is that tough talk on Islam, never mind terrorism, is a vote-winner. One analysis from June found that people who felt the word “violent” was a good way to describe Muslims had much more positive views of Trump than of Clinton. “They’re actually expressing what is becoming the popular way of thinking about Islam,” says Dalacoura, of Trump’s circle.
So how would Atran, who is steeped in the first-hand reality of terrorism, begin to explain to a Trump voter that Muslims are not the enemy? Evidence and truth aren’t always effective tools of argument, he says. Instead, the key is to start by appealing to the emotions, perhaps by invoking admired figures such as Muhammad Ali, or Kareem Abdul Jabbar. “If then I can make some inroads, I’d show that leaders of eight Muslim countries have been women, and then go down the line of some of the great achievements of Muslim civilisation, and then recognise that, certainly, in this time and geopolitical space, there is a very cruel, revolutionary strand of fundamentalist Islam that is a real danger not only to people in the United States, but much more so to Muslims around the world.”
There is a mirror image of that fundamentalism in the west. “Xenophobic etho-nationalist extremism … is also gaining ground. In fact, there’s an unholy alliance between these two movements that’s tearing apart western society to some extent. It’s very similar to what fascism and communism were doing in the 1930s. They need one another.”
“The more [xenophobes] attribute all the ills of society to immigrants and especially Muslim immigrants, the more the strategy of Islamic State and al-Qaida to drive a wedge between Muslims and their host societies in the west, or between Muslim-majority societies and western societies, progresses. It’s reaching alarming levels. And that comes together with the fact that nations themselves are starting to break the rules of the international order, which can rapidly develop into a free-for-all, as happened before the first world war.”
In his 2016 book The Field of Fight, Flynn wrote: “We’re in a world war, but very few Americans recognise it, and fewer still have any idea how to win it.” If the Trump doctrine holds sway, the general, his lieutenants and their commander-in-chief may indeed get the war they seem to crave. Despite what they claim, however, the losers won’t be the terrorists, but all of us.



ARTICLE
Democrats have vowed to block the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the supreme court, raising the prospect of a bitter showdown in the Senate.
The minority leader, Chuck Schumer,  the former presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, and Bob Casey of Pennsylvania joined colleagues in declaring their opposition to Gorsuch on Thursday.
“After careful deliberation, I have concluded that I cannot support Judge Neil Gorsuch’s nomination to the supreme court,” Schumer said on the Senate floor. “He will have to earn 60 votes for confirmation. My vote will be ‘no’ and I urge my colleagues to do the same.”
Republicans have a 52-48 majority in the Senate. But Democrats will insist on 60 votes to clear a procedural move known as a a filibuster to allow a final up-or-down vote on confirming Gorsuch to America’s highest court. Donald Trump has called on Republicans to change the rules to allow a simple majority vote on confirmation.
But Schumer pleaded with Republicans not to deploy this so-called “nuclear option”, insisting: “If this nominee cannot earn 60 votes, a bar met by each of President Obama’s nominees, and President Bush’s last two nominees, the answer isn’t to change the rules – it’s to change the nominee.”
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, condemned the move. “We find Senator Schumer’s announcement truly disappointing,” he said, arguing that it breaks with modern tradition. “It represents the kind of partisanship that Americans have grown tired of.”
He added: “We call on Senator Schumer to follow Democrats to abandon this attempt to prevent Judge Gorsuch receiving a fair up and down vote.”
Spicer refused to comment on potential changes to the Senate rules to break the filibuster. “I’m not going to start telling Senator McConnell what he should be doing from here,” he said, referring to Mitch McConnell, the majority leader in the Senate.
No Democrat has yet pledged to vote for Gorsuch and some have expressed disappointment about his Senate confirmation hearing, now in its fourth and final day. Schumer said: “Judge Gorsuch was unable to sufficiently convince me that he’d be an independent check on a president who has shown almost no restraint from executive overreach.”
Sanders added: “He refused to answer legitimate questions and brought the confirmation process to a new low in a thick fog of evasion.”
The Vermont senator “will not support Republican efforts to change the rules to choke off debate and ram the nomination through the Senate”, he said.
The Pennsylvania senator Bob Casey, who faces re-election next year in a state won by Trump, said he had “serious concerns about Judge Gorsuch’s rigid and restrictive judicial philosophy, manifest in a number of opinions he has written on the 10th Circuit.”
Democrats Jeff Merkley of Oregon, Kirsten Gillibrand of New York, Sherrod Brown of Ohio, Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin, Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Ed Markey of Massachusetts have also vowed to oppose Gorsuch’s nomination.
But conservatives remain hopeful that eight Democrats can be peeled off, enough to avoid a filibuster, despite ongoing rancour over the failure to grant Barack Obama’s nominee Merrick Garland a hearing. The conservative Democratic senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia said at a Washington Post Live event on Wednesday: “I want to get a working court, OK? What they did to Merrick Garland was wrong. I don’t want to do the same. Two wrongs don’t make a right.”
Republicans have lavished praise on Gorsuch and bemoaned what they see as a doomed attempt to politicise what used to be a straightforward process and appease the Democrats’ liberal base.
McConnell criticised “obstructionist tactics”, telling members: “We know that our colleagues are under a great deal of pressure from some on the far left.
“We know some of these groups are calling for them to ‘resist’. We know that – even more than four months after the election — some on the far left simply refuse to accept the outcome of the election. But it’s well past time to move on from that mindset and return to the serious business of governing.”
The threat of a filibuster was also criticised by conservative groups. Carrie Severino, chief counsel of the Judicial Crisis Network, said: “Democrats are proving that they are totally unreasonable when it comes to judicial nominations, and that they will obstruct anyone who does not promise to rubber-stamp their political agenda from the bench.”
During his marathon testimony at the judiciary committee, Democrats have sought to portray Gorsuch, a federal appeals court judge in Denver, as siding with big business over workers and keeping his political views secret.
The 49-year-old has refused repeated attempts to get him to talk about issues including abortion and gay rights, usually by answering: “I have declined to offer any promises, hints or previews of how I’d resolve any case.”
The Democratic senator Al Franken continued to express concern on Thursday, telling one witness: “Basically, what he wouldn’t tell us is any of his personal convictions ... But now, someone who’s endorsing him says they do matter. This is what I worry about, that we were not allowed to hear any of his personal convictions.”
The confirmation hearing continued on Thursday with lawyers, advocacy groups and former colleagues giving testimony. The committee is expected to vote on 3 April to recommend Gorsuch favourably to the full Senate, where a showdown now seems likely. 



ARTICLE
New “extreme vetting” measures for people entering the US announced by Donald Trump on Friday will almost certainly test US law on religious discrimination and the constitutionality of bans on some Muslim migration.
The executive actions include a halt to the Syrian refugee program, a 120-day pause on all refugee admissions, and blocking entry for people from seven Muslim-majority countries for 90 days: Iraq, Syria, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Iran and Yemen. In an interview on Friday, Trump told the Christian Broadcasting Network that he would make exceptions for Christian migrants. The order prioritizes refugee claims on the basis of religious persecution if the applicant belongs to “a minority religion in the individual’s country of nationality”.
Legal scholars have been divided for months about whether Trump’s proposals would hold under the constitution. Congress and the White House share authority to decide eligibility for citizenship and entry into the country, and the supreme court has never directly confronted whether religion could stand as a valid reason to exclude some people over others. Trump’s orders do not explicitly name Islam but clearly target Muslim-majority countries, meaning it could test the constitution’s guarantees of religion and due process, as well as the president’s authority over immigration in general.
In the 1890s, the court upheld a ban on Chinese immigrants, but those cases were about race – and the arguments behind them have been abandoned. In 1972, the court ruled 6-3 that the White House could bar a Marxist Belgian from entering the US, deferring to the president’s discretion. That case has convinced some legal experts that the court would uphold the new orders, but Trump has repeatedly characterized his plans in sweeping terms: an entire class of people, rather than a single person, and an explicit preference for one religious group over another. And his intent could have bearing on a court’s assessment of the law.
In the 1972 case Kleindienst v Mandel, the court kept the door open to future challenges, saying the White House needed reasons that were “facially legitimate and bona fide”. The American Civil Liberties Union has already promised to challenge Trump’s orders: if they can summon the allies and standing for a case, Trump would have to prove in court that he has legitimate reasons for such a sweeping rule. The Council on American-Islamic Relations has already announced it intends to sue, alleging an improper “religious motive”.
The order’s language about prioritizing people who have been persecuted for their religion is broad enough that it may survive scrutiny, and Trump may have history on his side. Courts have consistently deferred to his authority for border security, and an appeals court upheld the National Security Entry-Exit Registration System (Nseers) in 2008, despite enormous scorn from the ACLU and Muslim Americans for the system. Like the Kleindienst case, however, courts have warned the White House that religious animus could make judges less open to such a system. 
Law professors at Harvard Law and Syracuse College, among others, have argued that the orders could not be disguised as anything but blatant religious discrimination. Because the orders appear to fall squarely within immigration law, though, challengers may be harder pressed to prove that the White House has violated its constitutional limits. The supreme court has ruled that Congress has enormous power over immigration, and can sometimes make rules that would be unconstitutional if applied to citizens. The court was gridlocked 4-4 last year in a case about Barack Obama’s authority in immigration law, and his orders to protect some undocumented people were left frozen according to a lower court’s ruling.



ARTICLE
The internal strife rending the Republican party continued on Sunday, as one member of the House Freedom Caucus pledged to defend another if a primary challenge from a Trump-backed candidate, controversially threatened by a White House aide, should ever come to pass.
“Justin Amash is a good friend and one of the most principled members of Congress,” said Jim Jordan of Ohio, on CNN’s State of the Union. “Frankly, if he is primaried I’m going to do everything I can to help him.”
Jordan was responding to a tweet on Saturday from Dan Scavino Jr, the White House social media director. Using his personal account, Scavino Jr wrote: “@realDonaldTrump is bringing auto plants & jobs back to Michigan. @justinamash is a big liability. #TrumpTrain, defeat him in primary.”
Amash responded, tweeting: “Trump admin & Establishment have merged into #Trumpstablishment. Same old agenda: Attack conservatives, libertarians & independent thinkers.”
He then tweeted an appeal for financial contributions.
Trump has used Twitter to criticise the Freedom Caucus since it helped ensure the downfall of the American Health Care Act, the party’s attempt to replace Barack Obama’s signature healthcare legislation, last week. 
On Thursday, Jordan was among the president’s targets. Trump wrote: “If @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts & reform.”
Scavino’s tweet represented an escalation of the conflict and, some observers said, a contravention of American law.
In an official statement, the White House said Scavino’s tweet did not violate federal law “as it clearly comes from his personal account and not his official White House account”. 
But Daniel Jacobson, a White House lawyer under President Obama, tweeted that White House staff “can’t use an official or de facto govt Twitter acct (which this is) to call for defeat of a candidate”. 
“De facto means that if you tweet only about WH work from your account, it’s an official account. Labeling ‘personal’ doesn’t change that.”
Richard Painter, chief White House ethics lawyer under George W Bush and a strong critic of the Trump administration regarding ethics concerns, wrote: “This is use of official position to influence an election. Look at the photo and description underneath. Bush WH would have fired him.”
“Ethics 101,” he added. “You can’t put official titles and WH photos all over your ‘personal’ Twitter page and use it for partisan politics … Plus use official White House position to try to influence GOP primary which violates the Hatch Act, a firing offense. No ethics in this WH.”
On Sunday, Scavino remained in his job. Asked on CNN if he feared for his own job and those of his colleagues come the 2018 midterms, Jordan, who was a Division I wrestling champion in college, said: “Competition is fine, I’ve never shied away from competition.
“If that’s what happens, that’s what happens. That will be up to the voters.”
Jordan also repeated strong criticism of the AHCA and its handling by Republican leadership, saying: “Even Congress should be able to put together a piece of legislation that more than 17% of Americans like.”
He also insisted the Freedom Caucus was willing to work with the president on new healthcare legislation, and said: “Frankly I’m willing to work with Democrats if it’s consistent with what we told the voters we were going to do.”
Trump was also focusing on healthcare reform and its effect on Republican unity on Sunday. Before playing golf with the Kentucky senator Rand Paul, a critic of the AHCA, and budget director Mick Mulvaney, the president tweeted: “Anybody (especially Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal & Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!
“Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.”
In an interview with the Financial Times released on Sunday afternoon, he said “if we don’t get the … Freedom Caucus there that would be fine” and added: “If we don’t get what we want, we will make a deal with the Democrats and we will have in my opinion not as good a form of healthcare, but we are going to have a very good form of healthcare and it will be a bipartisan form of healthcare.”



ARTICLE
It’s not easy being a black cop in Cleveland. During his 23 years in uniform, and now as a detective, Lynn Hampton has weaved a tricky path between the city’s African American majority and its overwhelmingly white, sometimes trigger-happy police department. Some in the black community called him a sellout. A few white colleagues regard him as an infiltrator. But Hampton did not give up working to bridge the divide.
Then came Donald Trump.
“We’re trying to keep a lid on this thing here. You’ve got people in this city saying the police department is racist, that we are neo-Nazis,” said Hampton. “Now with Trump coming on the scene, spewing out these bigotries, my community is quite frankly saying this dude is a racist. Then he’s talking about bringing back law and order again, and we know what that meant in the past. What’s that saying to the black community? We’re opening back up open season on African Americans. That’s what people are thinking.”
Hampton, wearing a brown trilby and a gold detective’s badge on a chain around his neck, added that it was bad enough that Trump used the election campaign to push for a return of discredited “stop and frisk” policies, and to accuse Black Lives Matter of being responsible for the killings of police officers. 
Those “reckless” pronouncements did not go unnoticed in a city marred by two of the most notorious police shootings of recent times, including the killing of 12 year-old Tamir Rice. But then, Cleveland’s overwhelmingly white police union piled in by taking the unprecedented step of endorsing Trump for president.
“Bad move. Horrible move,” said Hampton, who is a member of the union. “A slap in the face to the community which you serve. What message does that send to black people about the attitude of the police?”
Now the 57-year-old detective finds himself caught between an increasingly alarmed African American community, and a department he fears will retreat to a mindset more akin to military occupation than policing.
“What kind of society does he want to create? Where we headed? You can’t continue to back people into a corner without anybody eventually getting tired and striking out. Are we going to have more violence against police officers? Is that what he wants? That’s the very thing that I’m trying to avoid,” he said.
Some of Hampton’s black colleagues have had enough and are talking about quitting. That’s not for him: he says he will stay and fight.
On the other side of Cleveland, Brian King, a retired sales engineer for a steel company, knows what kind of society he wants and what he expects of Trump.
“We need him to clean up the inner cities. The crime and the drugs. Clean up some of the people in this country that are causing troubles. The illegal immigrants. The terrorists,” he said. 
King said he has plenty of doubts about Trump but they are not the same as Hampton’s. “I don’t think Trump’s a racist at all. I believe that if everyone hates him he must be doing something right,” he said. “Trump was my first choice because I’ve read his stuff and I thought he was an asshole. He’s a shyster. He’s a crook. But I want him to be a crook for us. For the ordinary guy.”
Cleveland voted solidly for Hillary Clinton, although her numbers were down on Barack Obama’s victories. It has among the highest poverty rates in the country, with one in three of the population living below the poverty line, rising to 43% among African Americans. 
Cleveland is also among the most racially segregated cities in the country, a divide reflected in its police department, where just one in four officers is black in a city where more than half the population is African American and little more than one third is white. 
The force is under federal court oversight after a group of 13 police officers fired 137 shots into a car with two unarmed African Americans in 2012. Officer Michael Brelo was filmed leaping on to the front of the car and firing at Timothy Russell and Malissa Williams through the windscreen after fellow officers stopped shooting. He was acquitted of manslaughter on the grounds that the pair was probably already dead by then. To his critics, it looked a lot like Brelo thought he was back fighting insurgents with the US army in Iraq. 
“A lot of white officers believe that once you run all bets are off. I can do anything to you,” said Hampton. “What criminal do you know just gets in the car? It’s their job to run. Your job is to chase ’em. A lot of officers are too quick to use their weapons.” 
In 2014, a Cleveland police officer shot dead Tamir Rice, a 12-year-old child carrying an airsoft gun. The city council paid $6m to the boy’s family but the officer was not charged. Justice department intervention forced the department to increase training on bias and use of force, and to place a greater emphasis on community policing. 
“There’s been some incremental changes but the results have yet to be seen,” said Hampton. “They’re still at the ground floor working. This is an institution that’s been compromised a long time ago.”
Now the detective fears that what progress there has been will be set back under a president who has suggested the police are victims of a witch-hunt and appointed an attorney general, Jeff Sessions, who calls federal investigations of law enforcement “a smear”. A White House webpage, Standing Up for Our Law Enforcement Community, promises to end “the dangerous anti-police atmosphere in America”.
Cleveland has an African American mayor and black police chief, but Hampton said power within the force remains with the white-dominated hierarchy. 
The police union, the Cleveland Police Patrolmen’s Association, overwhelmingly endorsed Trump but on a low turnout. 
The move was engineered by the association’s leader, Steve Loomis, who told Trump during the campaign that federal oversight of police departments is an expensive failure. He also denounced the “false narrative” of Black Lives Matters. Trump reassured Loomis that “you’re going to have a friend in the White House”; Loomis said he believes the new president “is going to be a very strong supporter of law and order”. 
To Hampton that is code for the kind of racially biased, heavy-handed policing that has failed in the past. He suspects Trump’s justice department will abandon Barack Obama’s emphasis on civil rights, including scrutiny of police conduct. This week, Sessions pledged to “pull back” on federal investigations of police departments, saying it was making officers hesitant to do their jobs and reduced their effectiveness.
African American officers in Cleveland have their own organisation, the Black Shield Police Association, founded in 1946 to counter racial discrimination within the department. Hampton is its president.
“The police has had a profound effect on the African American community like no other. We’ve got a long history. The police were the slave catchers. I wanted to be an example in our community – that not all police is a certain kind of way. Not walking around badge heavy, that I’m the big bad police. That I’m a human being and you can talk to me just like a regular person,” he said. “Some people look at black officers as sellouts. It’s an interesting place to be between those two worlds but at the same time showing some compassion and understanding. I think African American officers in the urban area are best fit to do that because they come from that. Far too much in recent times, we have hired people that are void of that understanding.”
They include veterans, such as Brelo, who continue to behave as if they’re in the military. “It’s a big problem because, I have to be truthful, there’s question marks about that mentality coming back in our community. Too many people come on to this job with this mentality of us and them, carrying a big stick,” he said.
Hampton said there are many good white officers committed to policing for the community, but he fears that the Trump administration’s tone and policies will embolden the others. “Look at all the crazy stuff that’s going on, people feeling empowered, just because Trump’s been elected. Threatening people. We’re talking lawlessness just because a president’s been elected? You didn’t have that kind of reaction with Obama. We weren’t going around threatening white folks because Obama became president,” he said. 
“I think the reality is setting in where we’re at in this country right now. It was undercover. When they elected Trump, it’s going to bring that out.” 
The fault lines have already been accentuated by the rise of Black Lives Matter. Hampton despairs of the view, heard inside the department and out, that the movement is anti-police or values black lives more than white. “They’re just trying to make a statement: don’t be shooting people down like they don’t matter, like they’re dogs. No one’s saying white lives don’t matter,” he said.
Still, the detective sees the backlash against Black Lives Matter as part of a broader wave of anger that drove the Trump phenomenon. To Hampton, Trump’s vision of the future looks an awful lot like a past he thought was behind the US. 
“You’ve got people who are mad about immigration, people coming taking our jobs, and our borders and this stuff. He tapped into people thinking we need a person who’s not a politician in there. Washington is corrupt. So is Wall Street. He tapped into the bigotry of people who want their country back,” he said. 
“Black people say, back to what? You want to go back to slavery? Jim Crow? You’ve got a section of the population who don’t want to share the country. They want some folks to be back where they were when they had no authority, no power, no nothing. Back to being insignificant. They wanted the White House to return to being the ‘white’ house.” 
King, the 69-year-old retired sales engineer for a steel company, is not ashamed to say he wants his country back and that he wants it to be great again. But he says he’s talking about taking it back from politicians he accuses of exploiting division and pandering to special interests. He includes Black Lives Matters in that.
“We’ve had politicians for hundreds of years with their own agenda. They go to a black neighbourhood: ‘I love the blacks. I’m going to take care of them’ but they don’t do anything. In a white neighbourhood: ‘I love the whites’. In a UAW (union) area: ‘I love the UAW’. They’re all snakes and getting rich off us,” he said. 
But beyond the blunt declarations, he wants to see Trump distinguish between the truly dangerous and criminal and the rest. 
“The morons, the terrorists, are escalating. My sister lived in Abu Dhabi for 38 years so I’m not against all Muslims, trust me. Her husband’s family is Palestinian so I’m not prejudiced. It’s the militant Muslim terrorists I’m against. We have to keep them out,” he said.
King takes a similar view of illegal immigration. He said the very act of coming into the country illegally makes a person a criminal and subject to deportation. But then he gestures across the street. “A person I know raised a family over there. I worked with her and we started talking about illegals and she said: ‘I’m an illegal’. She’s been 30 some years over there. It’s not her. It’s the people who break laws I want taken care of,” he said. 
“I hope Trump puts sane people in charge of this and says maybe they can stay on an individual basis. I have a niece who’s married to an illegal. A Mexican. I’m close to this situation. The children are suffering because they’re trying to stay in the United States. You can’t just say we’re going to build a wall and throw them all out. But if they’re constantly in and out of jail, please. That’s a no-brainer. Get out.” 
But what King really wants is Trump to stand up against the rich and powerful on behalf of the little guy. 
Like many of the new president’s supporters, King sees no contradiction in a billionaire businessman who lived in a gold tower claiming to be the voice of struggling workers. Neither is King disturbed by Trump’s cabinet appointments such as the treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, a multimillionaire former Goldman Sachs partner whose company aggressively foreclosed on homeowners who lost their jobs in the recession. “I understand they were looking for their own wealth at one time. I’m hoping he’s going to demand more from them,” he said.
King is big on Trump’s plan to spend $1tn on infrastructure renewal. “That’s not only a smart idea, it’s necessary. Our infrastructure’s falling apart,” he said. King sees the plan as a reprise of President Franklin Roosevelt’s creation of millions of jobs through public works programmes during the 1930s economic depression.
 “It worked before with FDR. Trump knows how to get things done. I want to see what he can do. What have we got to lose?”
Quite a lot, according to Shirley Pasholk. She responds to a question as to whether her 40 years working in a steel mill have been dangerous by holding up her right hand. Half a finger is missing.
“It got it caught between a crane hook and a block of wood when I was picking up a coil that was too small for a crane to handle,” she said. “Things have become a lot safer over the years. When I started you had two or three fatalities a year. Everyone expected that they would have at least one serious injury. Now people here do not expect that. The union had a lot to do with that.”
Pasholk has been a union activist for most of her years as a steelworker, including leading the local branch of the Women of Steel Committee. Without unions, she said, everything would be different. Pay, benefits, working conditions, even the environment, the community around the steel mill. 
Pasholk, like Hampton, fears that the president will take the country back to a darker era of fewer rights (she liked Bernie Sanders). “Everything the man’s done says that he will not help ordinary people. He owns casinos where he has tried to break unions. He’s recommended that places like this should move to the south and after we’ve been hungry for a while we’d work for lower wages,” she said.
“His appointments to the cabinet include people who have openly worked against public education, openly come out to privatise Medicare and social security. It’s everything the union movement has been against and everything that has allowed us to live a decent life.” 
Most immediately, Pasholk is worried about the future of Obamacare. She was one of the few women at the mill when she was hired in 1976. She spent years on what was known as the pickle line, running coils of steel through acid. In 2001, the mill went bankrupt. Laid-off workers had to find their own health insurance and Pasholk said many were turned down because of conditions such as high blood pressure or faced with punitive premiums. The Affordable Care Act ended such practices.
“The ACA doesn’t go nearly far enough but the limited amount that it did do provides some real help for a large number of people,” she said. “There’s all kinds of things that even for people that have decent insurance are a positive step although what we really need is a national single payer plan like every civilised country in the world.”
The mill was bought out, reopened and is now owned by ArcelorMittal Steel, the world’s largest steel company. It has full order books but faces an uncertain future given the volatility of the industry and the pressure from cheap Chinese imports. Pasholk said Trump is right that China does not compete fairly on steel but she doubts he will do very much about it once he comes under pressure from interests such as the construction industry.
Instead, she expects Trump to concentrate his fire on the unions. Republicans in Congress are pushing for a national “right to work law” likely to weaken unions and hold down wages. Pasholk said the impact has consequences beyond pay, particularly if the Trump administration retreats from enforcing safety and environmental regulations.
“I can easily see the companies trying to get away with all sorts of things on health and safety, and the environmental front. We don’t just work in these communities, we live in them too,” she said.
Pasholk recognises that union members may have delivered Trump to the White House. Clinton’s share of the ballot among union households in Ohio dropped sharply on previous elections as Trump’s focus on jobs and trade resonated with voters who, polls showed, believe international trade takes away US jobs and disbelieved Clinton’s claims of an economic recovery.
“It’s a reaction to the feeling that we were left behind by this so-called recovery where Wall Street recovers and the normal people are still having trouble making ends meet. We hear that everything is great and this is as good as it’s going to get. It’s a widespread feeling of insecurity, that people’s kids are not going have it as good as their parents did. It’s the young people leaving school with this overwhelming debt.” 
Pasholk also blames the Clinton campaign, saying it got the tone wrong in Cleveland. These days she administers adult education classes on behalf of the union and company. More than 100 workers and retirees signed up to a recent gun handling class. “When Clinton was here for her rally on Labor Day weekend, I saw they prominently seated these people with these anti-gun shirts. I thought: ‘Don’t you realise the Republicans are going to working people and saying you’re gonna take away their guns? Don’t you realise that is the kiss of death to have those people in prominent places at a rally in an area like Cleveland?’” she said.
Jamal Collins doesn’t give much thought to the president at all except to wonder if his election has had a clarifying effect.
“I’m kinda glad it happened. It really is an eye-opener on what’s really going on. The real truth about America. The real truth that there’s still a lot of racism. People voted for this sort of stuff,” he said.
Collins grew up in East Cleveland, an overwhelmingly black and separate municipality with such a small tax base it is dependent on neighbouring Cleveland to fill the gap in its emergency services and much else besides. More than a few people in both places want to merge the two cities, but councillors in East Cleveland are against voting to dissolve their own authority and jobs. 
Collins’s father worked for General Electric and his mother was a bus driver. He went to a high school across the road from blocks of now abandoned and plundered apartments. Unlike most of his friends, Collins landed a place at university and a job as a graphic designer with PricewaterhouseCoopers. Then he tired of corporate life and returned home. Today he teaches graphic design to young people – mostly black and Latino – at local schools and the Boys and Girls club of East Cleveland. But his real purpose is to tell them how the world is. 
“My whole mission is to come back in and give them a different way of thinking,” he said. 
Collins described East Cleveland as “always in decline”. He watched shops on the high street close, jobs disappear and people flee the area. “It was around Reaganomics. The Reagan era came and it was less opportunities and less jobs for people and so people had to do what they had to do and that was sell drugs. That made some people rich and that made some people poor but it made things worse here,” he said. “Crack cocaine. When that came it changed everything.”
As presidents came and went – two Bushes, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama – Collins saw little reverse in the decline. Some could make things worse, but he noticed that it didn’t matter which administration was in charge, the situation didn’t get better. “I think that people were very optimistic about Obama. They were looking for change with Obama. Even with that, the job situation didn’t stop. The decline didn’t stop. The crime didn’t stop. Look at the murder rate in Cleveland. Sky high. Kids getting killed. It really didn’t make a difference,” he said. 
Trump’s election confirmed his belief that no matter who is in the White House, the system works for those who have knowledge or money or both. As the young people he teaches don’t have money, they need knowledge. Not just an education but an understanding of how to make the system work for them. Even something as simple as how to get a mortgage in order to escape exploitative landlords. 
“There is a divide. Upper class people have access. The whole Trump administration is about the haves and the have nots. If you have money, you have a healthier life. You have access to a better health system. You have better security,” he said. “I tell them, people can’t just wait for things to happen. Can’t wait for Trump to see what he’s going to do. You’ve got to do it for yourself.”
In East Cleveland, that wait is often a trap for people caught in low-paid work, if they can find jobs. Collins said he tries to open doors to ideas from how to set up a business to using social media to showcase themselves. “As long as black people don’t have their own business and companies, it’s going to be an issue. We’re just taking our money and giving it to somebody else. I give them skills,” he said. “I tell them if you have a computer, if you have an internet connection, you can have a company. The upper-class people use computers to create. The lower-class people are just consumers of the technology. What I’m trying to get them to do is create.”
Collins said his own escape came from visiting a friend attending university. “It changed my life … I never heard anyone say you can do this and you can do that and there are these possibilities,” he said. “One of these kids could be the next engineer, the next politician, fireman, cop. How can we forget about them and not empower them with another way of thinking?” 
Hampton would like to see more of Cleveland’s young African Americans become cops, not only as a bridge between the police and the community but to change a department still riddled with discrimination. He gives the example of black officers held back from promotion because of minor offences in their youth.
“Shot somebody with a BB gun when he was in seventh grade, that kind of thing. Now he’s 30 years old and they’re still holding that stuff against him. But there have been white officers who’ve gotten into some things, domestics, trouble with the police, and still got on the force. We in this country and this system still got a long way to go,” he said.
Still, he said he’s not going to quit. “It’s very difficult. You have to go within yourself and do what you can within your power to do the right thing,” he said. “We can’t abandon ship. If you abandon ship, what you got then?” 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump and his advisers have stood firm after a weekend of outrage over his vague and chaotically enforced ban on travel from seven Muslim-majority countries.
On Sunday afternoon, while attorneys argued with customs and border officials over the fate of people still detained at airports around the country, the US president released a statement that insisted on the legality – and non-religious premise – of his orders to temporarily halt the admission of refugees and ban some travel.
“To be clear, this is not a Muslim ban, as the media is falsely reporting,” Trump said.
During his campaign, Trump promised a “complete and total shutdown of Muslims entering the United States”. On Friday he said he would prioritize Christian refugees. In his statement on Sunday, the president compared his order to a 2011 decision by Barack Obama to delay visas for Iraqis, and said Obama’s White House had chosen the seven countries singled out in his order.
“This is not about religion – this is about terror and keeping our country safe,” Trump said, pledging to issue visas again “once we are sure we have reviewed and implemented the most secure policies over the next 90 days”.
He also expressed “tremendous feeling” for men, women and children fleeing civil war in Syria and said: “I will find ways to help all those who are suffering.” Trump’s order imposed an indefinite freeze on refugee admissions from the country. 
Travel authorities were thrown into confusion by the travel ban, with people unable to enter the US after landing, unable to board flights, or unsure whether they could return if they left. 
Trump did not acknowledge the federal judges who in emergency hearings on Saturday night blocked parts of his orders and opened the door to a battle over the president’s constitutional powers.
Earlier on Sunday, two prominent Republican senators broke with the president over his order, warning that it betrayed American values by turning away refugees and green-card holders. 
“Such a hasty process risks harmful results,” John McCain and Lindsey Graham said in a joint statement. “We fear this executive order will become a self-inflicted wound in the fight against terrorism.”
In an interview with CBS’s Face the Nation, McCain said that the order “in some areas will give Isis some more propaganda”.
Shortly after releasing his official statement, Trump used Twitter to denigrate the senators, calling them “wrong” and “sadly weak on immigration”. 
“Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III,” the president tweeted. 
He had earlier insisted that only draconian measures could protect the US from outside tumult. “Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW,” he tweeted. “Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world – a horrible mess!”
Attorneys, meanwhile, told reporters “rogue” border agents around the country were still detaining people or trying to deport them. Large protests at major airports that began on Saturday carried into Sunday, and in Washington hundreds of protesters marched on the White House and the Capitol, chanting “let them in” and “Paul Ryan sucks”.
Ryan, the House speaker, has not commented on the court orders to stop deportations, or the defiance of some customs and border officials. A spokeswoman said on Saturday that he supported the order and does not consider it a religious test.
Trump’s White House advisers defended the president’s orders, which suspended the US refugee program for 120 days, ended the Syrian refugee program indefinitely, and halted travel from seven countries – cutting off legal residents from their families and jobs.
Appearing on NBC’s Meet the Press, White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said 325,000 travelers had entered the US on Saturday and that 109 were detained.
“Most of those people were moved out,” he said. “We’ve got a couple dozen more that remain and I would suspect that as long as they’re not awful people that they will move through before another half a day today.”
In an abrupt, apparent change from the White House’s original policy, Priebus said the order would no longer affect green card holders. He then contradicted himself, and suggested that “other countries” may be added to the travel ban.
“Maybe some of those people should be detained,” he said, although valid visa holders have already passed through an arduous screening and interview process. Priebus told NBC the administration would “apologize for nothing”.
In Brooklyn on Saturday night, federal judge Ann Donnelly had observed that the people detained would have been allowed into the US without incident, had they arrived two days earlier.
Similar orders from federal judges in Virginia and Massachusetts followedand Democrats rallied to help detained people and protesters, with Congressman John Lewis going to the Atlanta airport and New York mayor Bill de Blasio telling CNN’s State of the Union the order “violates our constitutional norms”.
The Department of Homeland Security responded to the judge’s ruling on Saturday morning, saying agents would continue to enforce Trump’s orders.
“No foreign national in a foreign land, without ties to the United States, has any unfettered right to demand entry into the United States or to demand immigration benefits in the United States,” the agency said. Only in the fourth paragraph of its reply did the DHS concede that officials “will comply with judicial orders”.
Another close Trump adviser, Kellyanne Conway, insisted that the president’s order had not disrupted US domestic and foreign policy, caused problems at airports, or provoked scorn from European allies. Conway falsely told Fox News Sunday the decision of the federal judge in New York “doesn’t really affect the executive order at all”. 
She then said that problems for “1%” of travellers was “a small price to pay” for security. “This whole idea that they’re being separate and ripped from their family, it’s temporary.”
A handful of Republicans in Congress broke with Trump on the order, at least partially, harkening back to when the businessman originally described it as a “complete and total shutdown” on Muslim migration and was criticized by many more people in his party.
Only a few spoke out on Saturday, including senators Jeff Flake and Ben Sasse, who respectively called the order “unacceptable” for legal residents and “too broad”.
The Republican leader in the Senate, Mitch McConnell, said he would not completely defend or criticize the White House’s order. 
“I am opposed to religious tests,” he told ABC’s This Week. “It’s going to be decided in the courts as to whether or not this has gone too far.”
Trump’s order is being challenged as a violation to the constitution’s guarantees of due process and against religious discrimination, meaning that its intent could prove an important factor in deciding its legality. His adviser Rudy Giuliani has said he was asked to design “the right way to do it legally”.




ARTICLE
Thousands of New Yorkers gathered in the city’s Washington Square Park on Wednesday night to protest the expected enforcement of a ban on people from several Muslim-majority countries entering the United States.
Chants of “No ban, no wall, New Yorkers for all” and “Lock him up!” rang out through the packed crowd, waving signs that read “I pledge to protect Immigrant NY” and “Defend Muslim immigrants”.
The march was organized by the New York chapter of the Council of American-Islamic Relations and featured multiple speakers including local politicians and activists.
“Mr President, you will not divide us,” Congresswoman Nydia Velazquez said to loud cheers. “You will not divide New York and you will not divide the United States of America.”
“We are here to say no to the politics of fear and we reject policies that turn our back on those that have already suffered so much.”
The protest was organized shortly after news emerged on Tuesday that Donald Trump intended to sign an executive order that would suspend the resettlement of Syrian refugees and temporarily halt entry into the country for citizens of certain Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East and Africa, including Syria, Iraq and Iran.
The move was widely seen as a fulfillment of Trump’s previous pledge to implement a ban on Muslims entering the country.
The executive order is expected to be signed later this week. The Guardian has obtained a draft copy of the order, which has been circulating among immigration lawyers.
The draft – which may yet be amended before it is signed by the president – is titled, “Protecting the Nation from Terrorist Attacks by Foreign Nationals”. It includes a 120-day ban on refugees being resettled in the US and an indefinite ban on the resettlement of Syrian refugees. It would also cap the total number of refugees entering the US in 2017 to 50,000 – more than half the previous year’s figure of 117,000. The US has traditionally been the global leader in refugee resettlement and historically, the program has received bipartisan support and is an element of US foreign policy. The United Nations’ refugee agency estimates that there are currently 4.81 million Syrian refugees in Syria’s neighboring countries.
According to the draft, visas will be suspended to people from Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, Yemen and Iran for the next 30 days. The countries were selected from Division O, Title II, Section 203 of the 2016 Consolidated Appropriations Act, which was passed in the aftermath of San Bernardino and Paris attacks and removed visa waivers for EU citizens who were dual nationals of the listed countries.
The draft order states that 60 days after it will be signed, the Department of Homeland Security and state department will issue a list of countries to be included in a more permanent ban.
Trump pledged in December 2015 to ban all Muslims from entering the country. He later amended this promise, and instead called repeatedly for the “extreme vetting” of immigrants from certain countries.
“The ban itself is a Muslim ban,” said Abed Ayoub, legal and policy director of the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee (ADC). “If you take a look at the countries it’s clearly a Muslim ban.”
Trump signed an executive order on Wednesday to begin construction on his controversial wall on the US-Mexico border. The order also included a pledge to cut federal funding from so-called “sanctuary cities”, a term which refers to cities where local authorities do not cooperate with federal requests that could lead to deportation.
New York considers itself a sanctuary city, and local leaders, including Mayor Bill de Blasio, have repeatedly pledged to remain that way. New York City councilwoman Helen Rosenthal repeated that pledge on Wednesday: “We are prepared to run this city without a single federal dollar,” she said to loud cheers.
Back in New York’s Washington Square Park, people lit the park up with their cellphones and others held candles and speakers, standing under the famous arch chanting and cheering while helicopters swirled above.
“I am here because I feel like I have a responsibility to give back to my community, give back to my Muslim brothers and sisters,” high school senior Hebah Jamal said. “To be able to be part of a movement against hate, against fear, and against discrimination.”



ARTICLE
As Donald Trump and Chinese president Xi Jinping dined on Dover sole and New York strip steak earlier this month, thousands of miles away in China a government office quietly approved trademarks that could benefit the US president’s family.
On the day the president’s daughter Ivanka Trump met the Chinese leader, China granted preliminary approval for three new trademarks for her namesake brand, covering jewellery, bags and spa service, according to official documents.
Her company, Ivanka Trump Marks LLC, has been granted four additional trademarks since her father’s inauguration and has 32 pending, according to the Associated Press, which first reported the new approvals.
Donald Trump’s White House has created a minefield of ethics concerns, according to critics, and the president and his top officials represent one of the wealthiest cabinets in history, with business empires spanning the globe. Ivanka Trump was appointed assistant to the president last month, after previously saying she would not join her father’s administration. 
Ivanka Trump no longer manages her clothing, jewellery and accessories brand, but still owns the business and is frequently seen wearing clothes from her own collection. She has put her business in a trust, run by family members.
“Ivanka has so many China ties and conflicts, yet she and Jared appear deeply involved in China contacts and policy. I would never have allowed it,” Norman Eisen, a former chief White House ethics lawyer under president Barack Obama, told the AP. “For their own sake, and the country’s, Ivanka and Jared should consider stepping away from China matters.”
US law prohibits government officials from handling government matters that could enrich their business or their spouse’s. Ivanka Trump’s products are made almost entirely in China, and US policy on trade or China’s currency could benefit her financially.
Jamie Gorelick, Ivanka Trump’s lawyer, said in a statement: “The federal ethics rules do not require you to recuse from any matter concerning a foreign country just because a business that you have an ownership interest in has a trademark application pending there.
“Ivanka will recuse from particular matters where she has a conflict of interest or where the White House counsel determines her participation would present appearance or impartiality concerns.”
Gorelick did not respond to questions about the trademarks creating the appearance of a conflict of interest. 
Ivanka Trump has been on a charm offensive with China over the past few months, often with her Mandarin-learning daughter in tow. Her five-year-old daughter Arabella sang a traditional song for Xi during his US visit, and the performance was later praised in Chinese state media. The two also attended a Lunar New Year celebration at the Chinese embassy in Washington.
But not all US business are benefitting from the new administration. In a recent report, American businesses in China said they face one of the toughest climates in decades, largely due to increasing animosity towards foreign firms and slowing economic growth.
Barriers to investment remain high, the American Chamber of Commerce in China said, despite China’s attempts to project an image of globalisation and openness. About 81% of the chamber’s members said they felt unwelcome in 2016, an increase from 77% in 2015.
But Trump family brands increasingly appear to be welcomed with open arms in the world’s second largest economy. 
Shortly after his election in November and after a decade of fighting in court, Donald Trump was granted trademark protection for his name in the construction industry. In February, the Trump name was granted an additional 38 trademarks for a range of uses including hotels, insurance and bodyguard services. 
Those approvals have raised concerns with ethics experts, and Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, a nonprofit focusing on public officials, has launched a lawsuit saying the trademarks were part of a wider list of actions that showed Trump had violated the constitution.



ARTICLE
The Trump administration is considering barring passengers flying to the US from UK airports from taking laptops into the cabins, sources have told the Guardian.
The proposed ban would be similar to one already imposed on travellers from several Middle Eastern countries.
British officials understand that their US counterparts are looking at extending the ban – which prevents any electronic devices larger than a smartphone being taken as carry-on luggage – to flights from Europe.
One Whitehall source suggested to the Guardian that although it was not certain that the ban would be extended to the UK, the US was considering doing so.
The US government unexpectedly imposed the ban in late March for flights from 10 airports in the Middle East.
Passengers must stow their devices in checked-in baggage on flights from the affected airports in Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Morocco, Qatar, Turkey, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.
All are close US allies and none are covered by the Trump administration’s attempts to ban travellers from six other mostly Muslim nations.
Hours after sending a “confidential” edict from the US Transportation Safety Administration (TSA) to airlines, the Trump administration hastily arranged a press briefing to explain that the ban had been imposed after “intelligence” emerged that terrorists favoured “smuggling explosive devices in various consumer items”. The TSA directive is understood to be valid until 14 October. 
It was not immediately clear why US authorities might want to extend the ban on taking electronic devices such as tablets, e-readers and laptops to flights from European airports.
Gillian Christensen, a spokeswoman for the US Department of Homeland Security, said: “We’ve said we will continue to evaluate the threat environment and make determinations based on that assessment, but we have not made any decisions on expanding the current restrictions against large electronic devices in aircraft cabins from selected airports.”
The UK has also banned electronic devices on flights from six countries: Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia and Turkey, with UK airlines including British Airways and easyJet among those affected.
The transport secretary, Chris Grayling, denied that the UK ban on laptops implied that airport security in the countries affected meant their airport security was lax.
While the US ban applies to “anything larger than a smartphone”, the UK regulations give specific dimensions. 
The bans sparked criticism from technology experts, who said the new rules appeared to be at odds with basic computer science.
Nicholas Weaver, researcher at the International Computer Science Institute at the University of California, Berkeley, said last month: “It doesn’t match a conventional threat model. If you assume the attacker is interested in turning a laptop into a bomb, it would work just as well in the cargo hold.”
Restricting electronic devices to checked baggage for flights from the Middle East has been a commercial boost to US carriers at the expense of their Gulf rivals, which include Emirates, Etihad and Qatar Airways.
US airlines have long contended that the three fast-growing carriers benefit from unfair government subsidies – with which American, Delta and United cannot compete – and have lobbied the Trump administration to intervene. All three Gulf airlines consistently deny that they receive such benefits.
However, extending the restriction would potentially hit US airlines, given the volume of traffic across the Atlantic to airports such as Heathrow. American airlines operate a relatively small number of flights to destinations in the Middle East.
Some Middle Eastern airlines have resorted to lending tablets to business and first-class passengers and allowing them to check devices at the gate, rather than the check-in counter.
Anushka Asthana, Sabrina Siddiqui and Gwyn Topham contributed to this report



ARTICLE

Lee Snover is a born-again Christian, a mother of one, and a boss. She runs a drywall and framing business based in Northampton, Pennsylvania. She manages 15 full-time employees – 50 when you count subcontractors. She calls them her “guys”. They work in four states. She supported John McCain for president in 2008 and Mitt Romney in 2012. She wasn’t in love with either candidate, but it didn’t matter. Her father was a Republican activist and she took after him. She has always been a loyal party soldier.
Then Donald Trump came along, and Snover’s investment in politics changed. “Whatever it takes, that’s what was running through my mind,” she told the Guardian last week. “If I have to lose it all, I need for him to win.”
Before Trump had won any primaries, before he had any campaign offices in Pennsylvania, before the political pros took him seriously, Snover, 48, was a true believer. At a state Republican party meeting in January 2016, she presented herself as Trump’s proxy.
“Lo and behold, I had this Trump table down there,” Snover said. “It was me and one other guy. We were mocked so heavily. I was mocked. ‘Oh my God, look at Lee now, isn’t she hysterical, she’s so nutty. Look at her! Oh my God, she’s off the rails again, look at her. She’s such a renegade.’
“I couldn’t get the party people onboard until after the primary. And then they had no choice. They came kicking and screaming. But that was the party people. Not the people. The people were onboard. You saw the results.”
The results made Snover look like a clairvoyant and her Republican peers look blind. Trump won Snover’s home county of Northampton by four points; he won Pennsylvania; and he won the presidency. The county result was as dramatic as the national result. Northampton had voted twice for Barack Obama and had a long record of Democratic strength built in part on its legendary steel industry, which shuttered in the 1990s. In 2016, the county voted for a Democratic state attorney general and a Democratic state treasurer. But at the top of the ticket it was Trump, by 5,461 votes.
Since the election, the Guardian has been spending time in Northampton County, speaking with Trump supporters – and Trump detractors – about his presidency. How do his supporters understand Trump’s promise to make America great again? And is he seen as delivering on that promise?
To his critics, the first month of Trump’s presidency has been a historic disaster. The worst fears about his discriminatory views, his personal corruption and his authoritarian impulses have, in their eyes, come true. A growing scandal over communications with Russia of unknown scope has claimed the career of the former national security adviser Michael Flynn, and further fallout seems likely. A federal court blocked Trump’s attempt to ban Muslims from seven countries and suspend refugee admissions. Agencies are headless, leaks are rampant, and aides are congratulated for lying on TV. The new president is historically unpopular, the punchline of many jokes, and the large groups of protesters challenging him across the country are mobilized, motivated and growing.
Trump supporters see things very differently. 
They think the president is off to a fine start, with understandable hiccups given the extent to which he and his people are honest-to-God government outsiders. They echo White House strategist Steve Bannon’s labeling of the media as “the opposition party” and blame the press for trying to tear Trump down. They see the protesters as petulant malcontents and repeat Trump’s accusation that some of them are surely getting paid to demonstrate. 
As news was breaking in San Francisco that Trump’s travel ban had been blocked by an appeals court, in his south Bethlehem barber shop, Joe D’Ambrosio rated Trump’s performance in office so far as “fantastic”.
“He’s just making good choice after good choice,” D’Ambrosio said, repeating a Trump claim about saving jobs that has been challenged as misleading. “Look how many jobs he’s brought back already, or that he’s in line to bring back. Look at the people in his cabinet. Look at the secretary of state, and all these people that know what the hell they’re doing.
“You see this guy – he told Iran: ‘We’re putting you on notice.’ I love that. So does everybody else,” he said, lauding the aggressive posture of Gen Flynn.
A few days later, the news of Flynn’s downfall was rolling nonstop on cable television, when Peg Ferraro, the only woman on the Northampton County council and also a Trump supporter, shared her view. 
“I think he’s a really smart man, and it’s going to be very interesting to see if he can bring his business sense to bear,” Ferraro said. “And I like what I’m seeing, I really do, I like what I’m seeing and hearing. So I think the jury is out.”
At her drywall business, Snover rated Trump’s first three weeks in office as pretty near perfect. “I haven’t seen anyone back away from Trump,” she said. “I haven’t seen anyone doubt. I haven’t seen any retreat.
“Trump is medicine for the American people,” she said. “They don’t want it. I look at the protesters and that’s how I visualize it. It’s like when your parents said you have to take the medicine and you said: ‘Oh my God, don’t give it to me.’ He’s giving them the medicine they don’t want to take. And in two years they’re going to feel so much better. It’s medicine right now. That’s why it tastes so terrible.”
The culture of Northampton County politics has traditionally been to disagree as one might, but not to be disagreeable about it. That sense of live-and-let-live has mostly survived the 2016 campaign, judging by dozens of interviews over a month, with fans and foes of the president getting together for dinner, and with protesters taking care to say they are pro-community and pro-country, not anti-Trump.
But neighbors can’t live both side-by-side and on different planets without lapses in understanding, and some Northampton residents tell stories of startling conflict, going back to the months before the election. Families split by political arguments. Obnoxious interactions on Facebook. Physical aggression or threats of harm. Racism shockingly revealed in the heart of a friend or colleague. While the social fabric of life in the Lehigh Valley may not have been torn by the 2016 presidential campaign, it has been frayed. In some neighborhoods, Trump yard signs planted in the fall remain in place, covered by February snow. 
Future installments of this series will explore those fault lines. But the county is not a destination stop for connoisseurs of political animus. For one thing, there’s significant policy overlap in Northampton between Republicans and Democrats, who are heard to agree on the need to check immigration, protect American jobs, and promote manufacturing and who may attend the same churches and hold similar conservative social views. The overlap was plain in the thousands of county voters in 2016 who crossed party lines or switched parties to vote for Trump.
Since the Kennedy presidency, D’Ambrosio, a lifelong Democrat, has been cutting hair in south Bethlehem, the city that gave the steel company its name. He still cuts hair but he’s no longer a Democrat. He switched his party membership last year so he could vote for Trump in the the state’s closed primary. “I was behind him from the very beginning,” D’Ambrosio said.
Last spring, the barber turned his shop into something of a satellite Trump campaign office, stocking voter registration forms so that other Democrats who came in could switch parties, too. He hung a Trump cap above his rotary phone for people to try on, check out the fit. He tacked a big Trump billboard up outside.
“The response was great,” D’Ambrosio said. “I can’t tell you how many forms I gave out. I’ll betcha I must have, without exaggeration, converted a hundred people, or more.”
Trump promised to make America great again. The cap on D’Ambrosio’s wall confirms it. But how will the president do it, and how will anyone be able to measure success? Does it lie in unemployment data, or the cost of living, or taxes, or manufacturing growth, national security, or crime data or quality of life or anecdotal evidence?
All of that must be weighed. But while Trump’s promise has economic contours, it goes beyond dollars and cents. As Trump’s supporters tell it, the promise has to do with a regained spirit of possibility and a renewed sense of identity, too. Trump’s promise is both personalized – it means something different for everyone – and universal. People who voted for him describe a shock of recognition when he stepped on to the national stage. They’d been waiting for a candidate like him. They just never dreamed they’d get him. 
“I put a big sign up there – ‘Trump’, you know, ‘make America great’,” D’Ambrosio said. “And everybody said to me: ‘What the hell’s wrong with you? You’re in business.’ I said: ‘I’m 76 years old, what do you want from me?’
“I mean I have the right, I worked, did everything, and I can do what I want to do. Just, you know, I like the Eagles, you like the Giants. You know. After the game we shake hands and everything else – what the hell, you’re going to get pissed off? ‘Well, don’t you think you’re gonna lose customers?’ I don’t give a damn if I lose a customer. I don’t want him if he’s gonna get mad at me over my political choice.
“He’s either coming here because he likes me or he likes his haircut. And if he doesn’t like what I do, then I can’t relate to that guy. Stay the hell outta here.”
Did he lose any customers?
“I don’t know. I don’t think so.”
“Friday I woke up and decided I was going to hold a unity rally against hate.”
Vanessa Williams, who grew up in Northampton County, describes herself “as Pennsylvania as they come”. One of her grandfathers worked in steel. The other worked in coal. “The house that my mom grew up in, three generations lived in that house,” Williams said. 
Williams supported Hillary Clinton for president, saying she found Trump’s rhetoric during the campaign “very offensive”.
“I would say the things that struck me the most were these sort of secretly racist comments, and these dog-whistle sort of comments, and the comments on women specifically – I found those most disconcerting,” she said.
The day after the election, Williams created a Facebook group for former Clinton supporters. Then she decided to hold a bipartisan rally against hate crimes.
“Just the idea that, basically, hate has no home here,” she said. “That was the point. It was not anti-Trump, it had nothing to do with Trump.” The rally drew 150 people, Williams said, and launched an activist network that now includes 3,300 people locally.
As much as Northampton was the scene of a startling Trump victory, it has also been the scene of a wave grassroots activism and community building following the election. 
Jennifer Newland is a Democrat and a community activist in the northern, more rural part of the county, known as the slate belt. 
“My whole lawn was nothing but Clinton yard signs” during the election, she said. “But many people were afraid to put out Clinton yard signs, because they were afraid of the repercussions. I’d walk outside and people would honk – ‘Go Trump!’ Yeah, you know. Love ya! I mean, it’s just – I would never think about going past someone’s house and being like, ‘Yeah, Hillary!’ Maybe I’m the weird one.”
Newland, a cancer survivor, has been a Girl Scout leader, a parent-teacher association founder, a fire victims aid organizer, a borough council member, a local party leader and a national Clinton delegate. She wants Trump to succeed, she said.
“I never want anyone to fail,” Newland said. “Including Trump. Because if he fails, the world fails. If he fails, we fail. I don’t want him to fail. I have no hate towards him. He fought a good fight and he won. Was he my pick, and do I stand behind his policies? No. 
“But somehow we have to reunite and we have to come back together and we have to work all of this out.”
Kaitlyn Sommer, 33, is a Northampton resident and navy veteran who did two deployments to the Persian gulf and conducted anti-pirate operations off the coast of Somalia as a combat systems specialist. Toward the end of her navy career, she went to night school to earn a law degree, and she now works for a judge in Allentown, in neighboring Lehigh County. 
Sommer, who volunteered for the Bob Dole campaign as a kid and “reluctantly” voted for George W Bush in 2004, said she found Trump’s gambit early in the 2016 primary race to sit out a debate, to ostentatiously raise money for veterans, to be insincere. 
“It kind of felt like, ‘Oh! We’re being used,’” she said. “Throw out this buzzword, people will vote for you because you say you’re helping veterans, and yet you’re also going to take away healthcare from those veterans who need it the most, who are on the street and are relying on Obamacare.”
Sommer is the founder of a local chapter of Team RWB, the veterans’ advocacy group, and she and her husband have volunteered to house college students over the summer who are green card holders and who may not be able to travel home owing to the threat of Trump’s travel ban.
Sommer said she had been discouraged by the animosity the political season had bred. “You can vote for Trump and I can like you still,” she said. “Let’s get beyond that first thing.”
The election result still feels “not good” to Sommer, she said, but she hoped that a greater degree of political engagement would produce greater social good. 
“I don’t feel as badly about it as I did at first, just because I’ve realized that I believe more in this country than what one person’s impact is going to be on it,” she said. 
“We’re bigger than this.”



ARTICLE
Andrew Puzder, Donald Trump’s controversial choice to run the Department of Labor, has withdrawn his nomination as questions about his byzantine business interests, details about his acrimonious divorce and revelations that he employed an undocumented immigrant as a housekeeper have mounted.
Puzder’s nomination was ultimately felled by Republicans, who grew increasingly concerned about the restaurant executive’s background and business record.
After a series of delays, Puzder, the chief executive of CKE Restaurants, the billion-dollar parent company of the fast food chains Carl’s Jr and Hardee’s, was due to appear before the Senate health, education, labor and pensions committee on Thursday. 
However, in a statement issued on Wednesday afternoon Puzder said he was withdrawing his nomination: “While I won’t be serving in this administration, I fully support the president and his highly qualified team.”
The move is another stinging setback for the new president, whose political party holds the power in both chambers and could easily have approved the nominee on a party line vote in the Senate. 
And it comes less than 48 hours after national security adviser Michael Flynn was forced to resign after making misleading statements about conversations with the Russian ambassador, amid an ongoing scandal over Russian influence enveloping the White House.
Puzder was a major Republican donor who was active in both Mitt Romney’s 2012 presidential campaign and Trump’s 2016 effort. The businessman and his wife donated $332,000 to Trump’s joint fundraising committee and spoke at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland where he also served as a delegate. Prior to his involvement in the fast food industry, Puzder practised law in Missouri where he was a leading anti-abortion advocate and authored a restrictive law, eventually upheld by the supreme court that prevented the use of state funds or resources for abortions.
Democrats cheered Puzder’s withdrawal as a “victory for the American worker” and a triumph for the progressive resistance to Trump’s presidency.
“Puzder should never have even been nominated to lead the Labor Department and senate Republicans clearly recognized this too,” Chuck Schumer, the Senate Democratic leader said in a statement. 
“The fact that someone so anti-labor was even nominated shows how far President Trump is from where he campaigned. If President Trump is remotely serious about standing up for workers, he will nominate someone for Labor Secretary that champions workers’ rights rather than suppresses them.”
Puzder drew the ire of Democrats and labor groups for his opposition to raising the minimum wage and his business record.
Activists protested his nomination at fast food restaurants around the country. In Washington, Democrats invited former employees to testify against their former boss and held press conferences denouncing his positions on labor issues.
Marc Perrone, international president of the United Food and Commercial Workers Union, said: “Given recent reports that have come to light, it is clear that Mr Puzder’s values were not the values of hard-working families. His withdrawal proves that the American people still have a voice and the power to shape our government.”
Signs that Puzder’s nomination was imperiled began to show in recent weeks as a number of Republican senators withheld immediate their support for him. On Thursday, conservative magazine the National Review published an editorial titled “No to Puzder”. 
The magazine railed against Puzder’s support for “comprehensive immigration reform” and argued that in light of the series of unflattering revelations, “his case for his confirmation has diminished to the point of disappearing”.
Tim Scott, a Republican from South Carolina, said he informed party leadership about his “serious concerns” with Puzder after learning that he supported immigration reform and had employed an undocumented housekeeper who he paid in cash.
“I look forward to meeting with a a new nominee to lead the Department of Labor,” Scott said in a statement. 
Marco Rubio, a Republican senator for Florida, wrote on Twitter: “Andy Puzder made the right & honorable choice by withdrawing from consideration as Labor Secretary.”
But some Republicans said they were blindsided. John Barrasso, a senator for Wyoming, told reporters only minutes before it happened that all he heard was what he described as “the CNN thing”.
Barrasso said he had not heard from any of his colleagues who wanted Puzder to withdraw and reiterated his support for the fast food CEO. 
“I support him,” said Barrasso. “I was on the platform committee with him at the convention. He was one of the members, I was the chair. I support him.”
In a statement, Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell expressed his disappointment in Puzder’s decision to withdraw. “I strongly supported Andy Puzder because he is uniquely qualified, knows how to improve the lives of hard-working Americans and knows how to get our economy back on track,” said McConnell. “I’m confident he will continue to find ways to contribute his time and talent to have a positive impact on our nation. I respect his decision to withdraw his nomination for secretary of labor.”
The White House did not immediately return a request for comment.
Lou Barletta, a House Republican and longtime Trump ally who has been mooted as possible replacement for Puzder, told the Guardian: “I haven’t had any talks with the president or anyone from the administration” about the position. Barletta dodged further questioning about his interest in the position, saying simply “I am going to let the president take the lead on what direction he would like to go.”
The Pennsylvania representative, who is a fervent immigration hawk, noted Puzder’s comparatively moderate views on immigration may have been an issue. “I felt that may have been an issue during the confirmation and that may have been something that came up,” said Barletta. “Obviously, he had to make the decision about what was best for the president and I think he did the right thing.”
Among the revelations were resurfaced reports that Puzder’s ex-wife, Lisa Fierstein, alleged in divorce filings from nearly three decades ago that he had abused her on multiple occasions in the 1980s. Puzder has denied the allegations. 
After their divorce, Fierstein appeared on The Oprah Winfrey Show to discuss her experience with domestic violence. Winfrey recently provided senators on the health, education, labor and pensions committee with the video in which Fierstein, wearing a wig and glasses, discusses the allegations. 
On Wednesday, Patty Murray, the top Democrat on the committee, said she was “deeply disturbed” by what Fierstein said in the video.
A spokesman for Puzder denied the allegations and said the revelations were part of a smear campaign against the restaurant executive. He added that Fierstein “regretted” her decision to appear on the show. 
 “Perpetuating these retracted 30-year-old allegations and an impulsive decision to appear on a talkshow is nothing more than a desperate attempt to tarnish Andy Puzder at the expense of Lisa and their family,” said spokesman George Thompson in an email.
Under Puzder’s leadership, CKE Restaurants ran highly sexualized advertising campaigns that were denounced as sexist and demeaning. 
“We believe in putting hot models in our commercials because ugly ones don’t sell burgers,” Puzder wrote in a 2011 press release defending the company’s racy advertisement. “We target hungry guys, and we get young kids that want to be young hungry guys.”
“A corporate culture grounded in objectifying women has no place in our government – or for that matter, the 21st century,” Senator Murray said during a press conference on Wednesday. “Whatever President Trump and Andrew Puzder might wish was the case, women – who now make up nearly half of our country’s workforce – are at work, getting degrees, running businesses, and they deserve respect and dignity.”



ARTICLE
The embattled House intelligence committee chairman, Devin Nunes, has refused to recuse himself from the committee’s investigation into Donald Trump’s ties to Russia, despite calls from Democrats.
“Why would I?” asked Nunes, who has lost the confidence of the Democrats on the intelligence committee after a series of allegations that they consider a cover-up for the White House. “It’s the same thing as always around this place: a lot of politics, people get heated, but I’m not going to involve myself with that.”
The speaker of the House gave Nunes his full confidence on Tuesday. Asked at a press conference whether he should step down, Paul Ryan, the most senior Republican in Congress, responded simply: “No.”
With the Republicans generally united in defense of the inquiry, chances are diminishing for its work to be accepted as definitive. The Republicans are also blocking the establishment of an independent commission into ties between the Trump campaign and Russia.
Doubts over Nunes sharply escalated after the California Republican canceled a public hearing originally planned for Tuesday during which two senior intelligence officials appointed by Barack Obama, and the former acting attorney general Sally Yates, were scheduled to testify. 
Yates, whom Trump fired after she refused to defend his travel ban in court, was reportedly told by the Trump administration that her testimony was subject to constraint. The Washington Post published letters from Yates’s attorney indicating the justice department informed her that “all information Ms Yates received or actions she took” while a senior department official represented “client confidences that she may not disclose absent written consent of the Department”.
The justice department’s client is the United States, not the president. 
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, disputed the story, calling it “entirely false”.
“The White House has taken no action to prevent Sally Yates from testifying and the Department of Justice specifically told her that it would not stop her, and to suggest otherwise is completely irresponsible,” Spicer said. 
In his press briefing, Spicer said the White House had no objection to Yates’s testimony and denied any coordination with Nunes to block it.
“I hope she testifies. I look forward to it,” Spicer said.
It was the latest controversy shadowing Nunes. 
Last week, following a public hearing that undermined Trump’s evidence-free claim that Obama put him under surveillance, Nunes said he was “alarmed” to learn of documents indicating Trump allies had their communications incidentally collected as part of “lawful” surveillance. He did not disclose until Monday that he received those documents not in the committee’s secured workspaces for viewing classified material, but at the White House complex.
None of this was shared with the committee, though Nunes informed the White House and the press first.
While Nunes has not disclosed his source, much speculation has centered on Michael Ellis, a former committee staffer who now works in the White House counsel’s office.
While congressional Republicans have shown no appetite for removing Nunes from the inquiry, a minor fissure erupted on Tuesday. Walter Jones, a North Carolina Republican maverick, said Nunes ought to step aside and permit an independent inquiry to restore “credibility” to investigating Trump.
“How can you be chairman of a major committee and do all these things behind the scenes and keep your credibility? You can’t keep your credibility,” said Jones, who has little influence among his colleagues.
Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House intelligence committee, called on Nunes to recuse himself late on Monday. On Tuesday, Schiff lamented the cancellation of the open hearing and, without confirming that the administration had sought to scotch Yates’s testimony, urged Nunes to permit Yates to testify publicly.
Schiff also indicated that Yates would be asked to expand on the conversations with the Russian ambassador that prompted the dismissal of Trump’s first national security adviser, Michael Flynn.
“We would urge that the open hearing be rescheduled without further delay and that Ms Yates be permitted to testify freely and openly so that the public may understand, among other matters, when the president was informed that his national security adviser had misled the vice-president and through him, the country, and why the president waited as long as he did to fire Mr Flynn,” Schiff said. 
Spicer declined to weigh in on the calls for Nunes’s recusal, calling it a matter for Ryan and the House of Representatives.
“He is running an investigation that we asked for,” Spicer said. 



ARTICLE
A former prime minister of Norway has spoken of his shock after he was held and questioned at Washington Dulles airport because of a visit to Iran three years ago.
Kjell Magne Bondevik, who served as prime minister of Norway from 1997-2000 and 2001-05, flew into the US from Europe on Tuesday afternoon to attend this week’s National Prayer Breakfast. 
He was held for an hour after customs agents saw in his diplomatic passport that he had been to Iran in 2014. Bondevik said his passport also clearly indicated that he was the former PM of Norway.
“Of course I fully understand the fear of letting terrorists come into this country,” he told ABC7. “It should be enough when they found that I have a diplomatic passport, [that I’m a] former prime minister.
“That should be enough for them to understand that I don’t represent any problem or threat to this country and [to] let me go immediately, but they didn’t.”
 Bondevik, who is the president of the Oslo Centre, a human rights organisation, said he was placed in a room with travellers from the Middle East and Africa who were also facing extra scrutiny. 
He said he was ordered to wait for 40 minutes, before being questioned for another 20 minutes about his trip to Iran, which he had taken to speak at a human rights conference.
“I was surprised, and I was provoked,” he said. “What will the reputation of the US be if this happens not only to me, but also to other international leaders?”
 An executive order signed by Donald Trump last week temporarily bans all travellers from seven Muslim-majority countries – Iran, Iraq, Libya, Yemen, Syria, Sudan and Somalia – from entering the US. It also suspends the US refugee resettlement programme for 120 days and puts an indefinite stop to the acceptance of Syrian refugees. 
The order caused chaos at airports across the US and sparked protests and worldwide condemnation. Many people who were en route to the US when the order was hastily signed, including those with green cards, were detained on arrival at US airports, denied boarding on to US-bound flights, or taken off planes by security officials before takeoff.
Bondevik said Dulles officials told him he had been detained because of a 2015 law signed by Barack Obama that placed restrictions on travellers from those seven countries, or travellers from elsewhere who had recently visited those countries. 
But he said he had never had a problem visiting the US before, and that his office was told by the US embassy in Oslo before his trip that his passport and a separate electronic travel authorisation were all he needed.
Speaking to the TV2 channel, Bondevik expressed further concern about the Trump administration’s tactics. “I understand the fear of terror, but one should not treat entire ethnic groups in such a way,” he said. 
“I must admit that I fear the future. There has been a lot of progress over the last 10 years, but this gives great cause for concern, in line with the authoritarian leaders we see controlling other major countries.”
 A spokesperson for US Customs and Border Protection said it was prohibited by law from discussing specifics of any individual’s admissibility review.
On Friday, Iran took retaliatory action by banning US wrestlers from participating in the Freestyle World Cup, one of the most prestigious competitions in international wrestling. 
The IRNA news agency quoted Iran’s foreign ministry spokesman, Bahram Ghasemi, as saying a special committee reviewed the case and “eventually the visit by the US freestyle wrestling team was opposed”.
 Ghasemi said the policy of the new US administration left Iran no other choice but to ban the wrestlers.



ARTICLE
Hillary Clinton says she’s “ready to come out of the woods” and help Americans find common ground. 
 Clinton’s gradual return to the public spotlight following her presidential election loss continued with a St Patrick’s Day speech in her late father’s Pennsylvania home town. 
“I’m like a lot of my friends right now, I have a hard time watching the news,” Clinton told an Irish women’s group. 
But she urged a divided country to work together to solve problems, recalling how, as first lady, she met with female leaders working to bring peace to Northern Ireland. 
“What can we do to try to bring people together and to try to find that common ground, even higher ground, sister, so that we listen to each other again and we know that we can make a difference? I’m not sure it will come out of Washington yet, but I think it can come out of Scranton. Let’s find ways to do that,” she told the Society of Irish Women. 
“I am ready to come out of the woods and to help shine a light on what is already happening around kitchen tables, at dinners like this, to help draw strength that will enable everybody to keep going,” said Clinton, who was spotted taking a walk in the woods around her hometown of Chappaqua, New York, two days after losing the election to Donald Trump. 
Friday night’s speech is one of several she is to deliver in the coming months, including a 26 May commencement address at her alma mater, Wellesley College in Massachusetts. The Democrat also is working on a book of personal essays that will include some reflections on her loss to Donald Trump. 
Clinton was received warmly in Scranton, where her grandfather worked in a lace mill. Her father left Scranton for Chicago in search of work during the Great Depression, but returned often. Hillary Clinton spent summers at the family’s cottage on nearby Lake Winola. 
She fondly recalled watching movies stretched across a bedsheet in a neighbor’s yard, and told of how the cottage had a toilet but no shower or tub. 
“Don’t tell anybody this, but we’d go down to the lake,” she quipped. 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump launched an all-out assault on Barack Obama’s climate change legacy on Tuesday with a sweeping executive order that undermines America’s commitment to the Paris agreement.
Watched by coalminers at a ceremony at the Environmental Protection Agency in Washington, the president signed an order to trigger a review of the clean power plan, Obama’s flagship policy to curb carbon emissions, and rescind a moratorium on the sale of coalmining leases on federal lands.
But the move was swiftly condemned by environmentalists as a “dangerous” and “embarrassing” attempt to turn back the clock that would do little to revive the US coal industry while threatening cooperation with major polluters such as China and India.
In a speech before he signed the order, Trump promised “a new era in American energy and production and job creation”. He said: “The action I’m taking today will eliminate federal overreach, restore economic freedom and allow our workers and companies to thrive and compete on a level playing field for the first time in a long time. I’m not just talking eight years.”
Trump promised the measures would be “bringing back our jobs, bringing back our dreams and making America wealthy again”.
He praised coalminers in the room as “amazing”and “incredible”, recalling that he heard about their struggles over the past two years. “I made them this promise: we will put our miners back to work … Today I’m putting an end to the war on coal.”
Trump also pledged a future of “clean coal”, and dismissed “the so-called clean power plan” as “a crushing attack on American industry”. The executive order also lifts a moratorium on the sale of new coal leases on federal land, removes “job killing restrictions” on energy production, and returns power to state level.
Trump’s acceptance of climate change science has long been in question. In 2014 he tweeted: “Global warming is an expensive hoax!” On Tuesday his press secretary, Sean Spicer, ducked a question over whether he still takes this view. “I think you’ll hear more today about the climate and what he believes,” Spicer said.
“I think he understands – he does not believe that … there is a binary choice been job creation, economic growth, and caring about the environment, and that’s what we should be focusing on. I think at the end of the day, where we should be focusing is making sure that all Americans have clean water, clean air and that we do what we can to preserve and protect our environment.”
The clean power plan – introduced by Obama in 2015 but blocked by the courts last year – was intended to restrict greenhouse gas emissions from power plants. 
Spicer said that Tuesday’s order included “a review of the new performance standards for coal-fired and natural gas-fired plants that amount to a de facto ban on new coal plant production in the United States”. He told reporters: “This is great news for states like Wyoming, West Virginia, Kentucky, Pennsylvania and others.”
All the states listed voted for Trump in last November’s presidential election. The executive order continues his aggressive endeavour to unravel his predecessor’s policies and strip away regulations in what his chief strategist, Steve Bannon, has called “the deconstruction of the administrative state”. This includes radically diminishing the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
Spicer said: “For too long the federal government has acted like a barrier to energy independence and innovation.”
The president has previously condemned the clean power rule and other regulations as placing an unnecessary burden on American workers and the struggling US coal industry, which faces growing competition from natural gas, wind and solar.
Trump accused Obama of a “war on coal” and has promised to revitalise the coal industry. At a rally last week in Kentucky, he said he had already removed some burdensome regulations and insisted the new executive order would go further. “We are going to put our coalminers back to work,” he told the crowd.
Spicer said on Tuesday: “The miners and the owners are very, very bullish on this. The people who are actually in the business applaud this effort, believe that it will do a lot to revive the industry.”
But the order was condemned by climate change activists, including Al Gore, the former vice-president, who describe it as “a misguided step away from a sustainable, carbon-free future for ourselves and generations to come”.
Gina McCarthy, a former EPA administrator, accused the Trump administration of wanting “us to travel back to when smokestacks damaged our health and polluted our air, instead of taking every opportunity to support clean jobs of the future”.
She added: “This is not just dangerous; it’s embarrassing to us and our businesses on a global scale to be dismissing opportunities for new technologies, economic growth, and US leadership.”
Sheldon Whitehouse, the top Democrat on the Senate environment and public works subcommittee on clean air and nuclear safety, said: “Just a few years ago, Donald Trump and his children supported ‘meaningful and effective measures’ to fight climate change, calling it ‘scientifically irrefutable’ and its consequences ‘catastrophic’ and ‘irreversible’. Today he began to unravel the clean power plan, one of the most important actions we have taken to fight climate change, just like the big polluters wanted.”
He added: “The most voracious and malign special interest in American politics – the fossil fuel industry – has captured the Trump administration, installed its top henchmen at the EPA, and gone to work trying to unwind any environmental and public health safeguard that gets in the way of its profits.”
Obama was dubbed the first “climate president” for acknowledging the real threat of global warming, although critics argued his record was blemished by investments in dirty fuels around the world. In 2015, the clean power plan was billed as the strongest action ever on climate change by a US president. Under the subsequent Paris accord, the US agreed to cut its greenhouse gas emissions 26-28% by 2025 compared with 2005 levels.
Trump and his allies, including the EPA chief, Scott Pruitt, have previously criticised the Paris agreement involving nearly 200 countries. A senior administration official said on Monday: “In terms of the Paris agreement, whether we stay in or not is still under discussion.”
Tuesday’s order seeks to suspend, rescind or review more than half a dozen measures in an effort to boost domestic energy production. These include Obama’s 2013 climate action plan, a major fracking regulation, guidelines published by the White House Council on Environmental Quality last August, and estimates of the social costs of carbon and other greenhouses gases.
The 2015 clean power plan has been on hold since 2016 while a federal appeals court considers a challenge by coal-friendly states and more than 100 companies. The attempt to roll it back completely faces a complex process of rewriting rules and fending off legal challenges from states such as California and New York, environmental groups and sections of industry.
“Whatever process was used create it, that process will have to be used to undo it,” said Richard Lazarus, an environmental law expert at Harvard University. “The more they rush in, the more likely they make a mistake.”

Laurence Tubiana, chief executive of the European Climate Foundation. said: “Sending the clean power plan back to the drawing board might earn President Trump a few political points from a narrow interest group, but should this see the light of day, it will hurt the vast majority of Americans as it will propel the economy backwards so that it resembles something from the 19th century.
“The good news is that it will take much more than today’s order to stop domestic climate action in the US – indeed, this document is likely to spend years in court. What’s more, there are countless countries ready to step up and deliver on their climate promises and take advantage of Mr Trump’s short-termism to reap the benefits of the transition to the low-carbon economy.”
Lease applications blocked by the Obama moratorium included more than 1.8bn tons of coal from two dozen mines, the Associated Press reported. Burning that coal would unleash an estimated 3.4bn tons of carbon dioxide – equivalent to a year of emissions from 700m cars, it said.
But coal still faces competition from cheap and abundant natural gas, partly due to advances in drilling such as hydraulic fracturing, or fracking. From 2011 to 2016, the coalmining industry lost about 60,000 jobs, leaving just over 77,000 miners, according to preliminary government figures.
Michael Bloomberg, the former mayor of New York, said: “No matter what any elected official says, rescinding commonsense climate change regulations and popular public health protections will not revive the coal industry or put thousands of miners back to work.
“Market forces, including consumer preferences and technological advancement, are the primary reason for the surge in cleaner forms of energy. In fact, even without the clean power plan, we are likely to hit its emissions targets ahead of schedule – because consumers, cities and businesses will continue leading on public health and climate change even when Washington won’t.”
But the president’s actions were praised by the Heritage Foundation, a conservative thinktank. Nick Loris, a fellow in energy and environmental policy, said: “Wealth equals health. It’s not about being a fossil fuel stooge; it’s about allowing them to be competitive.”
Additional reporting by Dominic Rushe in New York



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s executive order suspending refugee admissions and banning travel to the US from seven Muslim-majority countries has produced a showdown in federal court and an unusually high-stakes test for the new presidency. 
An appeals court ruling expected as early as Tuesday could sustain the current national suspension of the controversial executive order, setting up what could be a long-shot appeal to the supreme court by the White House. 
Alternatively, the appeals court might vindicate Trump’s ban, making a supreme court showdown perhaps even more likely. Or the case could return to litigation in the federal court for the western district of Washington, where it originated.
As we wait for the ruling from the US ninth circuit court of appeals, in San Francisco, here’s an explanation of how we got here, what’s at stake and what might happen next.
Trump issued an executive order on 27 January, suspending refugee admissions and banning travel from Iran, Iraq, Syria, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen for 90 days. The order immediately came under legal attack from plaintiffs on all sides – travelers caught up in the ban, civil rights groups, and states arguing that irreparable harm had been done to residents.
The cases produced multiple rulings, for and against the various plaintiffs. The broadest relief of all was granted by district judge James Robart, in Seattle, last Friday. Robart, in a ruling that did not explain his deliberations, granted a request for a nationwide order restraining the federal government from enforcing the key planks of Trump’s order.
The ruling set up a major fight. Over the weekend, the justice department asked for an emergency hold on the Seattle ruling, which was denied, making the case a focus of national attention. 
The justice department now has until 6pm ET on Monday to submit its final briefs to the appeals court, which is expected to rule shortly thereafter.
If the appeals court rules against the justice department, the federal government must then decide whether to appeal again, asking the supreme court to weigh in. 
But to overturn the lower court, a 5-3 supreme court ruling would be required – difficult math for Trump, in the eyes of most court analysts. The White House might wait to appeal the ruling until Trump’s current supreme court nominee, judge Neil Gorsuch, could be confirmed by the Senate. Or the justice department could shift its strategy elsewhere.
“Whether this case remains the focus going forward will depend on how the ninth circuit rules and how this case and others proceed going forward,” said Brianne Gorod, chief counsel of the Constitutional Accountability Center in Washington DC. “There’s obviously continuing to be a lot of activity in a lot of different courts.”
The overall struggle represents an unusually large legal quagmire that arrived for the Trump administration with unusual speed, said Gorod.
“The fact that we have this executive order that was issued right at the start of this administration, that has now been stayed in part by so many different courts and that might well be at the supreme court in the near term seems pretty unusual,” Gorod said, “and I think is testament to the significant problems with the executive order that President Trump issued.”
It has been stopped, temporarily. That’s why Trump is so mad on Twitter. But Trump’s travel ban may be restarted if the appeals court finds in the government’s favor. As a second policy reversal in a matter of days, that would create further confusion for immigration authorities and for travelers, which the court may take into account in making its decision.
The restraining order issued by the district court judge applies to five sections of Trump’s executive order. Together these sections comprise the most controversial parts of the order. Sequentially, they instruct officials to:
In its original complaint, the state of Washington (soon joined by Minnesota) argued: “The order is tearing Washington families apart. Husbands are separated from wives, brothers are separated from sisters, and parents are separated from their children.”
The states argued that Trump’s executive order was “motivated by discriminatory animus” and violated guarantees against discrimination in both the Immigration and Nationality Act and the US constitution. The states further argued that the order violated the constitutional separation of church and state and the constitutional guarantee of due process before the law. 
The justice department has countered that the judge’s blocking the order “contravenes the constitutional separation of powers; harms the public by thwarting enforcement of an executive order issued by the nation’s elected representative responsible for immigration matters and foreign affairs; and second-guesses the president’s national security judgment about the quantum of risk posed by the admission of certain classes of aliens and the best means of minimizing that risk”.
That’s for the court to decide, but there are signs – apart from the sheer number and force of the court challenges – that the executive order does not hold water, legally speaking. On Monday, a bipartisan group of former national security officials submitted a joint declaration to the appeals court stating: “In our professional opinion, the order was ill-conceived, poorly implemented and ill-explained.” Signatories included Madeleine Albright, Avril Haines, Michael Hayden, John Kerry, John McLaughlin, Lisa Monaco, Michael Morell, Janet Napolitano, Leon Panetta and Susan Rice. 
On Sunday, 97 technology companies – “from Apple to Zynga”, as the plaintiffs put it – filed an amicus brief in support of the states.
Even if the states lose the appeals court ruling, the case may not head directly to the supreme court. The states may decide to continue litigating the case in the district court, seeking a slightly different type of relief from the restraining order granted by Judge Robart. The states could seek a preliminary injunction, which would also have the effect of suspending Trump’s executive order in the near term.
If the appeals court rules in favor of the states, the justice department may appeal to the supreme court, may hold off on an appeal until the supreme court landscape changes, or may mount a challenge in a different district court, or take as yet unforeseen action.



ARTICLE
A federal judge has granted a stay on deportations for people who arrived in the US with valid visas but were detained on entry, following President Donald Trump’s executive order to halt travel from seven Muslim-majority countries.
The stay is only a partial block to the broader executive order, with the judge stopping short of a broader ruling on its constitutionality. Nevertheless, it was an early, significant blow to the new administration.
Less than 24 hours after two Iraqi men were detained at John F Kennedy airport in New York on Saturday morning, Judge Ann Donnelly of the federal district court in Brooklyn ordered an emergency stay, blocking the deportation of any individual currently being held in airports across the United States. 
“I think the government hasn’t had a full chance to think about this,” Donnelly told a packed courtroom.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and other groups filed the lawsuit earlier on Saturday, challenging the detention of the two Iraqi men, with two more plaintiffs later added to the suit, who were both valid US green-card holders. But the judge’s ruling extended to all individuals facing similar situations across the United States.
The two Iraqis, who spent hours detained at JFK, were Hameed Khalid Darweesh, who had worked for the US government for a decade, and Haider Sameer Abdulkhaleq Alshawi, who arrived in the country to join his wife, a US contractor. 
Donnelly, who was nominated by former president Barack Obama, ruled that the deportations could cause the plaintiffs “irreparable harm” by returning them to countries where they had been threatened. She also noted that the plaintiffs included visa-holders who had already been approved for entry to the US and who, only two days before, would have been let into the country without incident.
“Obviously, we’re extremely pleased,” the head of the ACLU, Anthony Romero, told the Guardian. The judge, he said, “obviously gets the importance of the executive order and its impact on hundreds if not thousands of immigrants and refugees”.
The stay, which applies nationwide, will last at least until a hearing scheduled for 21 February, the judge said, and includes people on valid visas of all kinds and green-card holders.
However, it would only impact those who were “on American soil” – ie those who had been mid-flight or had landed while the executive order was being signed by the president, Romero said.
He estimated that there were at least 100-200 people being held in airports across the country, but said the number could be higher. Asked by the judge to confirm the number, government lawyers were unable to respond with confidence.
Donnelly ordered the government to provide a list of all people being held in violation of the order at US airports or in flights, to protests from the government lawyers.
“I don’t think it’s unduly burdensome to get a list of names,” Donnelly said. 
Darweesh and Alshawi had both been released earlier on Saturday, the US attorney confirmed. However, Romero specified that Darweesh had been released “at the discretion of the executive branch”. 
Despite the stay, lawyers for the plaintiffs and civil liberties advocates raised immediate concerns for the wellbeing of those granted a stay, as it was widely assumed that they would be held in immigration detention facilities until their hearing, three weeks away.
“It’s a long time for people to be sitting in detention centers,” Romero said, adding that the ACLU would be monitoring the conditions in those facilities.
Brian Chesky, the co-founder of Airbnb, tweeted that his company would provide “free housing to refugees and anyone not allowed in the US” and suggested that anyone in urgent need of housing should contact him.
Judge Donnelly suggested the lawyers should return to court if the travelers were to be placed in detention rather than be released. “I guess I’ll just hear from you,” she said.
Earlier on Saturday, President Trump’s executive order, signed the day before, sowed chaos in airports, universities, corporations and living rooms in the US and abroad, as people grappled with the ramifications of its sometimes vague language. 
Travelers were pulled off planes or detained at checkpoints, universities urged at-risk students not to leave the country or to seek legal advice and tech giants recalled their workers from abroad. Families took calls from panicked loved ones who were unable to return to their homes, with everything from cars to pets waiting where they left them.
While the ruling gave hope to those detained on US soil, millions of people around the world face uncertain futures. They include They include Farah Alkhafji, who came to the US as a refugee from Iraq having endured the killing of her husband, the burning of her house and the kidnapping of her father, was just weeks away from taking her US citizenship test. 
Another is Hayder, who has asked the Guardian not to use his real name. He survived multiple bomb attacks while translating for US troops during the war in Iraq. He has a plane ticket from Texas from Baghdad that he may never get to use.
Shortly after Donnelly’s ruling, a federal judge in Virginia banned the deportation of detainees being held at Dulles international airport and ordered officials there to allow detainees to meet with their lawyers. Judge Leonie Brinkema’s temporary restraining order, however, blocked deportations for just seven days. 
In another case in Washington state, federal Judge Thomas Zilly stopped the US government from deporting two people. A hearing was set for 3 February for Zilly “to determine whether to lift the stay”.
The hearing in Brooklyn, though short, was potent and dealt the first successful legal challenge to an administration which has barrelled aggressively through its first week in power, implementing a draconian set of “extreme vetting” measures.
The swift pace at which the travel ban was drawn up was plain in the conduct of the court. Lawyers representing the government displayed a clear lack of information, echoing the confusion of various government agencies and officials in the past 24 hours, who had been implementing the order haphazardly.
“Things have unfolded with such speed, that we haven’t had time to review the legal situation yet,” an attorney representing the government said. 
Alerted by the ACLU to the fact that a Syrian woman with a valid US green card had been detained upon arrival into the United States and had been placed on a plane due to take off “back to Syria” within 30 minutes, the judge moved swiftly to reach her conclusion.
“Apparently there is someone being put on a plane. What do you think about that?” an increasingly frustrated Donnelly asked lawyers for the government. “Back to Syria.” She pressed them further on whether the government could give assurances that the woman would suffer no “irreparable harm” upon her arrival in Syria.
But Gisela Westwater, a government lawyer who spoke to the judge by phone from Washington, simply replied that the government did not have sufficient information about the woman or the circumstances of her detention. “And as your honor has suggested, we all do require additional time to have more facts.”
“Well that’s exactly why I’m going to grant this stay,” Donnelly replied to muffled cheers in the room. Theaudience, which included civil liberties advocates, lawyers and journalists who had tunnelled through a crowd of protesters chanting “No hate, no fear, refugees are welcome here”, was told by the judge to rein in their palpable excitement.
A lawyer with the ACLU later confirmed that US immigration officials were removing the Syrian woman from the plane.
Several hundred people waited for the verdict outside the courthouse, holding signs and chanting “Let them go!” and “We believe that we will win”. When the verdict was announced to the crowd less than an hour later, those gathered in the bitter cold erupted in loud cheers.
Similar protests were replicated at more than a dozen airports around the country. Hundreds of people gathered to demonstrate at Kennedy airport in New York and the international ports in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Houston, Philadelphia and other cities where people were detained and families separated overnight. Multiple immigration lawyers were also at airports, offering their services pro-bono to those detained.
Additional reporting by Spencer Ackerman.



ARTICLE
The bruising 2016 presidential election and its aftermath yielded few winners in journalism. But one new voice of clarity has emerged from an unexpected quarter: 25-year-old Lauren Duca, a Brooklyn-based former lifestyle writer, has found a dedicated and expanding following at a publication better known for beauty tips and boyfriend advice: Teen Vogue.
Last week, while preparing a new message on ways to organise against Trump, Duca told the Observer her understanding of Trump’s deception and its purpose was crystal clear: to deploy strategies of alternative truth to destabilise, and attempt to intensify distrust in, the media.
“The goal is not even to convince the public of their ‘alternative facts’ so much as it to sow doubt on any account. That way, they can convince the public to throw their hands up, and say ‘well, I can’t get any of this straight’. So then there’s no accountability.”
Duca owes her growing reputation to a piece she wrote in December entitled “Donald Trump is gaslighting America”. It received widespread praise, including from veteran broadcaster Dan Rather, who described Teen Vogue as one of journalism’s “surprising new sources of serious reporting” on his Facebook page after reading Duca’s dispatch.
The term “gaslighting” takes its name from the 1944 Ingrid Bergman film Gaslight, which has gained currency as a metaphor for shifting blame for dishonest behaviour onto victims. “Suddenly, I’m beginning not to trust my memory at all,” Bergman says in the film as her husband’s deceitfulness causes her to question her sanity.
In a forceful commentary, Duca argued that Trump, through dissembling and contradictory claims, was responsible for undermining democracy. “Trump won the presidency by gaslight,” Duca wrote. “His rise to power has awakened a force of bigotry by condoning and encouraging hatred, but also by normalising deception.”
The article went viral, generating more than a million unique visitors and unseating the publication’s all-time best-performing piece, “How to apply glitter nail polish the right way”. Duca now has 166,000 followers on Twitter while Teen Vogue – a rare media success story since it began posting harder stories after a change of editorship, has seen traffic increase almost fourfold in less than a year.
Duca went on the Fox News show Tucker Carlson Tonight, where she neatly eviscerated her host when he attempted to dismiss her commentaries on the grounds that it had appeared in a teen magazine. He said she should stick to writing about thigh-high boots.
“A woman can love Ariana Grande and her thigh-high boots and still discuss politics,” Duca replied, before dismissing her host: “You’re actually just being a partisan hack who’s just attacking me ad nauseam and not even allowing me to speak.”
Then, earlier this year, she tweeted that “she’d rather eat her own organs” than accept an invitation from Martin Shkreli, a doctor at the centre of a series of controversial price rises pharmaceutical price-gouging schemes, to attend Trump’s inauguration. Shkreli then posted a picture imposing himself in the place of Duca’s husband and was suspended from the service.
Duca says the Fox exchange speaks to a larger issue, one that millions of women marched last weekend to draw attention to: that young women, especially, have been denied their voice in the political dialogue.
“There’s a dismissive tone that’s especially directed to young women that’s attempting to denying them access to a political conversation based on them having non-serious interests – as if it’s not possible to have serious and non-serious interests – that was specifically designed to deny me access to the conversation..”
Duca’s popularity and the unanticipated political reach of Teen Vogue is part of the vacuum created by what is now disparaged as the mainstream media. Duca believes that too much of what is written or broadcast is created “at a pitch that only the media can hear and not reflective of an overall reality”.
Some of the hardest hit are not necessarily those of her generation, who have learned to parse alternative sources of information, but older people left bereft of information by a press, she says, that now needs to re-apply itself to basic principles of journalism.
“Alternative facts – the term coined by White House counselor Kellyanne Conway last week in her dispute over inauguration crowd size – do not have equal weight with established facts. Newsrooms need to think about they are handling the administration’s deliberate attempts to destabilize the truth because often they’re stepping on on their own toes and further eroding pubic trust.”
Chief White House adviser Steve Bannon said last week the media the administration’s “opposition party.” Meanwhile centrists and liberals are continuing to accuse the same organisations of handing over control of the news cycle, and possibly the election, to Donald Trump in a Faustian bargain for traffic and ratings.
“Based on what I see, it’s the older generation that feels frustration,” says Duca. “Donald Trump proved the old guard in the party or in the media weren’t enough to stop him. So the frustration is with the old structure, while younger people are cued-in to a range of voices and sources, primarily Twitter, and may be having an easier time of it.”
“A lot of political coverage is alienating and inaccessible, and perhaps that’s why Teen Vogue is doing exceptionally well, reaching beyond its [18-to-24 female] target audience. It’s easy to digest, welcoming and doesn’t have that exclusivity to it.”
The innovation may be twofold: Duca, whose writing appears in publications including Vice, the Nation, and the New Yorker, and who won an LA Press Club award for a Huffington Post essay entitled “The Rise of the Woman-Child”, has emerged as a rare star, while women’s publications, which typically underestimate the interests of their audience, are now capitalizing on weightier political issues and interests.
In addition to Duca’s gaslight story, Teen Vogue reports that a series on the Standing Rock pipeline protests, “Ask a Native American Girl,” generated more than 8 million views on Facebook. Last week, the site featured stories on self-care tips from the Women’s March, the lies Trump told that week, the administration’s proposed ban on Muslims entering the US, and how to treat acne scarring.
“The greatest danger is to have fact-based narratives undermined by the administration,” says Duca. “I want to be part of that bulwark because if we can’t agree on facts, then we can’t agree any solution.”



ARTICLE
THE WHITE HOUSE
Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release 
January 27, 2017
EXECUTIVE ORDER
- - - - - - -
PROTECTING THE NATION FROM FOREIGN TERRORIST ENTRY INTO THE UNITED STATES
 By the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and laws of the United States of America, including the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA), 8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq., and section 301 of title 3, United States Code, and to protect the American people from terrorist attacks by foreign nationals admitted to the United States, it is hereby ordered as follows:
 Section 1. Purpose. The visa-issuance process plays a crucial role in detecting individuals with terrorist ties and stopping them from entering the United States. Perhaps in no instance was that more apparent than the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, when State Department policy prevented consular officers from properly scrutinizing the visa applications of several of the 19 foreign nationals who went on to murder nearly 3,000 Americans. And while the visa-issuance process was reviewed and amended after the September 11 attacks to better detect would-be terrorists from receiving visas, these measures did not stop attacks by foreign nationals who were admitted to the United States.
 Numerous foreign-born individuals have been convicted or implicated in terrorism-related crimes since September 11, 2001, including foreign nationals who entered the United States after receiving visitor, student, or employment visas, or who entered through the United States refugee resettlement program. Deteriorating conditions in certain countries due to war, strife, disaster, and civil unrest increase the likelihood that terrorists will use any means possible to enter the United States. The United States must be vigilant during the visa-issuance process to ensure that those approved for admission do not intend to harm Americans and that they have no ties to terrorism.
 In order to protect Americans, the United States must ensure that those admitted to this country do not bear hostile attitudes toward it and its founding principles. The United States cannot, and should not, admit those who do not support the Constitution, or those who would place violent ideologies over American law. In addition, the United States should not admit those who engage in acts of bigotry or hatred (including “honor” killings, other forms of violence against women, or the persecution of those who practice religions different from their own) or those who would oppress Americans of any race, gender, or sexual orientation.
 Sec. 2. Policy. It is the policy of the United States to protect its citizens from foreign nationals who intend to commit terrorist attacks in the United States; and to prevent the admission of foreign nationals who intend to exploit United States immigration laws for malevolent purposes.
 Sec. 3. Suspension of Issuance of Visas and Other Immigration Benefits to Nationals of Countries of Particular Concern. (a) The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, shall immediately conduct a review to determine the information needed from any country to adjudicate any visa, admission, or other benefit under the INA (adjudications) in order to determine that the individual seeking the benefit is who the individual claims to be and is not a security or public-safety threat.
 (b) The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the President a report on the results of the review described in subsection (a) of this section, including the Secretary of Homeland Security’s determination of the information needed for adjudications and a list of countries that do not provide adequate information, within 30 days of the date of this order. The Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide a copy of the report to the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence.
 (c) To temporarily reduce investigative burdens on relevant agencies during the review period described in subsection (a) of this section, to ensure the proper review and maximum utilization of available resources for the screening of foreign nationals, and to ensure that adequate standards are established to prevent infiltration by foreign terrorists or criminals, pursuant to section 212(f) of the INA, 8 U.S.C. 1182(f), I hereby proclaim that the immigrant and nonimmigrant entry into the United States of aliens from countries referred to in section 217(a)(12) of the INA, 8 U.S.C. 1187(a)(12), would be detrimental to the interests of the United States, and I hereby suspend entry into the United States, as immigrants and nonimmigrants, of such persons for 90 days from the date of this order (excluding those foreign nationals traveling on diplomatic visas, North Atlantic Treaty Organization visas, C-2 visas for travel to the United Nations, and G-1, G-2, G-3, and G-4 visas).
 (d) Immediately upon receipt of the report described in subsection (b) of this section regarding the information needed for adjudications, the Secretary of State shall request all foreign governments that do not supply such information to start providing such information regarding their nationals within 60 days of notification.
 (e) After the 60-day period described in subsection (d) of this section expires, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the President a list of countries recommended for inclusion on a Presidential proclamation that would prohibit the entry of foreign nationals (excluding those foreign nationals traveling on diplomatic visas, North Atlantic Treaty Organization visas, C-2 visas for travel to the United Nations, and G-1, G-2, G-3, and G-4 visas) from countries that do not provide the information requested pursuant to subsection (d) of this section until compliance occurs.
 (f) At any point after submitting the list described in subsection (e) of this section, the Secretary of State or the Secretary of Homeland Security may submit to the President the names of any additional countries recommended for similar treatment.
 (g) Notwithstanding a suspension pursuant to subsection (c) of this section or pursuant to a Presidential proclamation described in subsection (e) of this section, the Secretaries of State and Homeland Security may, on a case-by-case basis, and when in the national interest, issue visas or other immigration benefits to nationals of countries for which visas and benefits are otherwise blocked.
 (h) The Secretaries of State and Homeland Security shall submit to the President a joint report on the progress in implementing this order within 30 days of the date of this order, a second report within 60 days of the date of this order, a third report within 90 days of the date of this order, and a fourth report within 120 days of the date of this order.
 Sec. 4. Implementing Uniform Screening Standards for All Immigration Programs. (a) The Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall implement a program, as part of the adjudication process for immigration benefits, to identify individuals seeking to enter the United States on a fraudulent basis with the intent to cause harm, or who are at risk of causing harm subsequent to their admission. This program will include the development of a uniform screening standard and procedure, such as in-person interviews; a database of identity documents proffered by applicants to ensure that duplicate documents are not used by multiple applicants; amended application forms that include questions aimed at identifying fraudulent answers and malicious intent; a mechanism to ensure that the applicant is who the applicant claims to be; a process to evaluate the applicant’s likelihood of becoming a positively contributing member of society and the applicant’s ability to make contributions to the national interest; and a mechanism to assess whether or not the applicant has the intent to commit criminal or terrorist acts after entering the United States.
 (b) The Secretary of Homeland Security, in conjunction with the Secretary of State, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall submit to the President an initial report on the progress of this directive within 60 days of the date of this order, a second report within 100 days of the date of this order, and a third report within 200 days of the date of this order.
 Sec. 5. Realignment of the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program for Fiscal Year 2017. (a) The Secretary of State shall suspend the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program (USRAP) for 120 days. During the 120-day period, the Secretary of State, in conjunction with the Secretary of Homeland Security and in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, shall review the USRAP application and adjudication process to determine what additional procedures should be taken to ensure that those approved for refugee admission do not pose a threat to the security and welfare of the United States, and shall implement such additional procedures. Refugee applicants who are already in the USRAP process may be admitted upon the initiation and completion of these revised procedures. Upon the date that is 120 days after the date of this order, the Secretary of State shall resume USRAP admissions only for nationals of countries for which the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Director of National Intelligence have jointly determined that such additional procedures are adequate to ensure the security and welfare of the United States.
 (b) Upon the resumption of USRAP admissions, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, is further directed to make changes, to the extent permitted by law, to prioritize refugee claims made by individuals on the basis of religious-based persecution, provided that the religion of the individual is a minority religion in the individual’s country of nationality. Where necessary and appropriate, the Secretaries of State and Homeland Security shall recommend legislation to the President that would assist with such prioritization.
 (c) Pursuant to section 212(f) of the INA, 8 U.S.C. 1182(f), I hereby proclaim that the entry of nationals of Syria as refugees is detrimental to the interests of the United States and thus suspend any such entry until such time as I have determined that sufficient changes have been made to the USRAP to ensure that admission of Syrian refugees is consistent with the national interest.
 (d) Pursuant to section 212(f) of the INA, 8 U.S.C. 1182(f), I hereby proclaim that the entry of more than 50,000 refugees in fiscal year 2017 would be detrimental to the interests of the United States, and thus suspend any such entry until such time as I determine that additional admissions would be in the national interest.
 (e) Notwithstanding the temporary suspension imposed pursuant to subsection (a) of this section, the Secretaries of State and Homeland Security may jointly determine to admit individuals to the United States as refugees on a case-by-case basis, in their discretion, but only so long as they determine that the admission of such individuals as refugees is in the national interest -- including when the person is a religious minority in his country of nationality facing religious persecution, when admitting the person would enable the United States to conform its conduct to a preexisting international agreement, or when the person is already in transit and denying admission would cause undue hardship -- and it would not pose a risk to the security or welfare of the United States.
 (f) The Secretary of State shall submit to the President an initial report on the progress of the directive in subsection (b) of this section regarding prioritization of claims made by individuals on the basis of religious-based persecution within 100 days of the date of this order and shall submit a second report within 200 days of the date of this order.
 (g) It is the policy of the executive branch that, to the extent permitted by law and as practicable, State and local jurisdictions be granted a role in the process of determining the placement or settlement in their jurisdictions of aliens eligible to be admitted to the United States as refugees. To that end, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall examine existing law to determine the extent to which, consistent with applicable law, State and local jurisdictions may have greater involvement in the process of determining the placement or resettlement of refugees in their jurisdictions, and shall devise a proposal to lawfully promote such involvement.
 Sec. 6. Rescission of Exercise of Authority Relating to the Terrorism Grounds of Inadmissibility. The Secretaries of State and Homeland Security shall, in consultation with the Attorney General, consider rescinding the exercises of authority in section 212 of the INA, 8 U.S.C. 1182, relating to the terrorism grounds of inadmissibility, as well as any related implementing memoranda.
 Sec. 7. Expedited Completion of the Biometric Entry-Exit Tracking System. (a) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall expedite the completion and implementation of a biometric entry-exit tracking system for all travelers to the United States, as recommended by the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States.
 (b) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the President periodic reports on the progress of the directive contained in subsection (a) of this section. The initial report shall be submitted within 100 days of the date of this order, a second report shall be submitted within 200 days of the date of this order, and a third report shall be submitted within 365 days of the date of this order. Further, the Secretary shall submit a report every 180 days thereafter until the system is fully deployed and operational.
 Sec. 8. Visa Interview Security. (a) The Secretary of State shall immediately suspend the Visa Interview Waiver Program and ensure compliance with section 222 of the INA, 8 U.S.C. 1222, which requires that all individuals seeking a nonimmigrant visa undergo an in-person interview, subject to specific statutory exceptions.
 (b) To the extent permitted by law and subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary of State shall immediately expand the Consular Fellows Program, including by substantially increasing the number of Fellows, lengthening or making permanent the period of service, and making language training at the Foreign Service Institute available to Fellows for assignment to posts outside of their area of core linguistic ability, to ensure that non-immigrant visa-interview wait times are not unduly affected.
 Sec. 9. Visa Validity Reciprocity.  The Secretary of State shall review all nonimmigrant visa reciprocity agreements to ensure that they are, with respect to each visa classification, truly reciprocal insofar as practicable with respect to validity period and fees, as required by sections 221(c) and 281 of the INA, 8 U.S.C. 1201(c) and 1351, and other treatment. If a country does not treat United States nationals seeking nonimmigrant visas in a reciprocal manner, the Secretary of State shall adjust the visa validity period, fee schedule, or other treatment to match the treatment of United States nationals by the foreign country, to the extent practicable.
 Sec. 10. Transparency and Data Collection. (a) To be more transparent with the American people, and to more effectively implement policies and practices that serve the national interest, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General, shall, consistent with applicable law and national security, collect and make publicly available within 180 days, and every 180 days thereafter:
(i) information regarding the number of foreign nationals in the United States who have been charged with terrorism-related offenses while in the United States; convicted of terrorism-related offenses while in the United States; or removed from the United States based on terrorism-related activity, affiliation, or material support to a terrorism-related organization, or any other national security reasons since the date of this order or the last reporting period, whichever is later;
(ii) information regarding the number of foreign nationals in the United States who have been radicalized after entry into the United States and engaged in terrorism-related acts, or who have provided material support to terrorism-related organizations in countries that pose a threat to the United States, since the date of this order or the last reporting period, whichever is later; and
(iii) information regarding the number and types of acts of gender-based violence against women, including honor killings, in the United States by foreign nationals, since the date of this order or the last reporting period, whichever is later; and
(iv) any other information relevant to public safety and security as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Attorney General, including information on the immigration status of foreign nationals charged with major offenses.
 (b) The Secretary of State shall, within one year of the date of this order, provide a report on the estimated long-term costs of the USRAP at the Federal, State, and local levels.
 Sec. 11. General Provisions. (a) Nothing in this order shall be construed to impair or otherwise affect:
(i) the authority granted by law to an executive department or agency, or the head thereof; or
(ii) the functions of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget relating to budgetary, administrative, or legislative proposals.
 (b) This order shall be implemented consistent with applicable law and subject to the availability of appropriations.
 (c) This order is not intended to, and does not, create any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law or in equity by any party against the United States, its departments, agencies, or entities, its officers, employees, or agents, or any other person.
 DONALD J. TRUMP
THE WHITE HOUSE,
 January 27, 2017.



ARTICLE
I started thinking Donald Trump might win the presidency in September of 2016. By the end of October, I was almost sure. Thus, when the election night upset happened, I was dismayed, but not particularly surprised. I didn’t even think it was much of an upset, in spite of the Huffington Post aggregate poll, which gave Hillary Clinton a 98% chance of winning – an example of wishful thinking if ever there were one.
Some of my belief arose from the signage I was seeing. I’m from northern New England, and in the run-up to the election I saw hundreds of Trump-Pence signs and bumper stickers, but almost none for Clinton-Kaine. To me this didn’t mean there were no Clinton supporters in the houses I passed or the cars ahead of me on Route 302; what it did seem to mean was that the Clinton supporters weren’t particularly invested. This was not the case with the Trump people, who tended to have billboard-sized signage in their yards and sometimes two stickers on their cars (TRUMP-PENCE on the left; HILLARY IS A CRIMINAL on the right).
Brexit also troubled me. Most of the commentators brushed its importance aside, saying that the issue of whether or not Britain should leave the EU was very different from that of who should become the American president, and besides, British and American voters were very different animals. I agreed with neither assessment, because there was a vibe in the air during most of 2016, a feeling that people were both frightened of the status quo and sick of it. Voters saw a vast and overloaded apple cart lumbering past them. They wanted to upset the motherfucker, and would worry about picking up those spilled apples later. Or just leave them to rot.
Clinton voters were convinced she’d win, even if they saw her as a ho-hum candidate at best. Many did not even bother going to the polls, which was a large (and largely unstated) factor in her loss. Trump voters, on the other hand, could not wait to pull those levers. They didn’t just want change; they wanted a man on horseback. Trump filled the bill.
I had written about such men before. In The Dead Zone, Greg Stillson is a door-to-door Bible salesman with a gift of gab, a ready wit and the common touch. He is laughed at when he runs for mayor in his small New England town, but he wins. He is laughed at when he runs for the House of Representatives (part of his platform is a promise to rocket America’s trash into outer space), but he wins again. When Johnny Smith, the novel’s precognitive hero, shakes his hand, he realizes that some day Stillson is going to laugh and joke his way into the White House, where he will start world war three.
Big Jim Rennie in Under The Dome is cut from the same cloth. He’s a car salesman (selling being a key requirement for the successful politician), who is the head selectman in the small town of Chester’s Mill, when a dome comes down and cuts the community off from the world. He’s a crook, a cozener and a sociopath, the worst possible choice in a time of crisis, but he’s got a folksy, straight-from-the-shoulder delivery that people relate to. The fact that he’s incompetent at best and downright malevolent at worst doesn’t matter.
Both these stories were written years ago, but Stillson and Rennie bear enough of a resemblance to the current resident of the White House for me to flatter myself I have a country-fair understanding of how such men rise: first as a joke, then as a viable alternative to the status quo, and finally as elected officials who are headstrong, self-centered and inexperienced. Such men do not succeed to high office often, but when they do, the times are always troubled, the candidates in question charismatic, their proposed solutions to complex problems simple, straightforward and impractical. The baggage that should weigh these hucksters down becomes magically light, lifting them over the competition like Carl Fredricksen in the Pixar film Up. Trump’s negatives didn’t drag him down; on the contrary, they helped get him elected.
I decided to convene six Trump voters to discover how and why all this happened. Because I selected them from the scores of make-believe people always bouncing around in my head (sometimes their chatter is enough to drive me bugshit), I felt perfectly OK feeding them powerful truth serum before officially convening the round table. And because they are fictional – my creatures – they all agreed to this. They gulped the serum down in Snapple iced tea, and half an hour later we began. My panelists were:
Gary Barker, a construction worker from – how fitting – Gary, Indiana. Gary from Gary is 41, married with two kids, currently unemployed. Graduated high school, never went to college.
William Russell, from Delray Beach, Florida. William spent his working life as a banker in Albany, New York, and is now retired and living in a gated community. He’s 67, a good amateur golfer, physically fit and mentally sharp. Has been married for more than 40 years, with three grown children and six grandchildren. Holds a bachelor’s degree from New York University and a graduate degree (in accounting) from the University of Illinois, Chicago.
Felicia Gagnon, from Castle Rock, Maine. Felicia is 25 and the sole employee of the Castle Rock Washateria, where she washes, dries, folds and sometimes delivers. She also serves as the janitor. She is unmarried, no children. Graduated high school, never went to college.
David Allen is a roadie-for-hire in Nashville, almost always employed. Last year he toured with both Little Big Town and Trisha Yearwood. He is 29, divorced, with one child. He makes his support payments regularly. Graduated high school, has two years of college (no degree).
Andrea Sparks is a successful restaurant owner in Flint City, Oklahoma. She is 42, twice divorced, with three children. She has a degree in business administration from the University of Oklahoma. Next year she will be president of the Flint City Chamber of Commerce.
Helen Wiggins is a single mother who lives in McKeesport, Pennsylvania, and works as a nail technician (she prefers this to manicurist). She is 28 years old. Graduated high school, no college.
Although they come from varying walks of life and have attained varying degrees of education, none of these participants was stupid, venal or evil. The reader would do well to remember that they were loaded with potent truth serum, which forced them to say what they actually believe, rather than what they thought might be most palatable to their interlocutor. If you, gentle reader, should be inclined to view any of them with contempt or feel outraged about their comments, you’d do well first to look inward and ask what you might say if compelled to give the truth of your feelings, the whole truth, the absolute truth, and nothing but the truth.And, with that caveat, the discussion.
Stephen King Thank you all for coming, and agreeing to participate.
Helen Wiggins You could use a manicure. Your nails are too long. But at least it doesn’t look as if you chew them.
William Russell I started one of your books but didn’t finish it. I’ll never try another one. You’re an awful writer.
King Many critics would agree, but today’s subject is politics rather than fiction. To begin, I’d like to go around the table and ask each of you when you decided you were going to vote for Donald Trump.
Gary Barker After a couple of debates I knew who I was going for. He [Trump] had nicknames for the other guys that really put them in their places. Lyin’ Ted, for instance. I hated that guy. He always looked like he wanted to yell, “Come to Jesus!” And Little Marco. That was my favorite. He [Trump] nailed that sucker. He [Rubio] looked like he was about 13 fuckin’ years old.
Wiggins Don’t forget Crooked Hillary. That was the cutest nickname.
David Allen Right. When they all started yelling, “Lock her up!” at the convention. I knew then it was going to be a whole new ballgame, and I decided to vote for Trump. But I didn’t shoot my mouth off about it. Nashville is in the south, but in the music business there are plenty of bleeding hearts. Not like Hollywood, thank God, but you still have to be careful. I started off saying I hadn’t made up my mind when people asked me, then I started saying, “Probably Clinton.” I never told anyone I was going to vote for Trump. Especially not my ex. She would have torn my balls off.
Russell Trump’s a businessman who understands business. He’s going to make them sit on the minimum wage, and he’ll take off a lot of those stupid banking, business and pollution regulations. It’s working already. Just look at the stock market.
Felicia Gagnon Most of my customers at the Washateria were for him, so I decided I was, too. It wasn’t just going along with the crowd, either. He always had an answer for everything, and he took no shit. Also, he wants to keep the illegals out. My job isn’t much, but it pays the rent. What if some illegal comes along and tells Mr Griffin – he’s the owner – that she’ll do my job for half the salary? Would that be fair?
Andrea Sparks It wouldn’t, it absolutely wouldn’t. And I admired him for a comeback he made to Clinton in, I think it was their first debate. She said he paid no taxes, and Trump came right back, said: “That makes me smart.” I knew right then I was going to vote for him, because taxes are killers. That’s why no one from the middle class can really get ahead. They tax you to death. I am making a little bit of money, but I’d be making a lot more if they didn’t tax me so badly, and why do they do it? To pay welfare for the illegals Felicia was talking about. The beaners, the darkies and the camel-jockeys. I would never say that if I wasn’t full of this truth serum stuff, but I’m glad I did. It’s a relief. I don’t want to be a racist, it’s not how I was raised, but they make you be one. I work hard for what I’ve got, from nine in the morning until midnight, sometimes until one in the morning. And what happens? The government takes the sweat from my brow and gives it to the foreigners. Who shoot it into their arms with dope the drug mules bring up from Mexico.
Barker Amen to that, sister.
Wiggins You know, I was torn at first, but when he hired that guy Pence to be his vice-president, I got on board. He [Pence] was so smart at the debate he had with that other guy. He had an answer for everything.
Gagnon Also handsome, with that nice white hair.
Wiggins Yes, he takes care of himself. Nice haircut, good teeth, beautiful skin. I thought to myself, “Trump is on the fat side. If he has a heart attack and dies, Pence can take over.” And the guy who ran with Clinton, I can’t even remember his name, but he looked like one of those guys at the DMV who, when you finally get to the front of the line, says you filled out the paperwork wrong and sends you home.
[General laughter from the panel.]
Russell Also, there’s the matter of the trademark slogans. Do you know what I’m talking about?
King Tell me.
Russell Candidates have certain codified positions, which form the basis of the so-called stump speech. In that speech, which is about the same whether it’s made in Portland, Maine or Portland, Oregon, they make their basic talking points over and over. But they also need a simple summation of what they stand for. That’s conveyed by the trademark slogan, something simple and catchy. Trump’s was MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and it was perfect. Contains two words of great power: America and great. Clinton’s was STRONGER TOGETHER. Vague. Wishy-washy. Forgettable. Stronger than what? Together with whom? It says nothing. The person who thought that up was an idiot, and she was an idiot for using it. Her slogan might as well have been WE’RE GOING TO DO SOME STUFF.
Sparks Trump was the boss. Clinton was just bossy, and take it from me, nobody likes a bossy woman. As a business person, I have to use a certain amount of tact. She didn’t have that.
Allen When she spoke, she kind of brayed.
Gagnon Because she was trying to sound like a man. That may work in New York, but not out where there are real people.
Sparks Whatever, it was like fingernails on a blackboard. If I talked to my waitstaff like that, half of them would quit.
King OK, since we’re on the subject of Clinton, I want to go around the table and have you give me one word or one short phrase that describes your impression of her. Gary, you haven’t had much to say, so let’s start with you.
Barker Before we get to that, I just want to say that I’ve always been attracted to young men on surfboards. This truth serum is… whoo.
King Good to know, and thank you for sharing, but how about a word or simple phrase describing your impression of…
Barker Bitch. I thought she was a bitch.
King OK. Felicia?
Gagnon Stuck-up. A stuck-up smartypants. She talked down to people.
King William?
Russell Felicia’s exactly right. Clinton projected arrogance and a sense of entitlement. Riding on Slick Willie’s coat-tails.
Allen I hated those pantsuits. Like she doesn’t think people can figure out she’s got a booty. And she’s starting to look really old.
Wiggins Is she a lesbian? I heard she was a lesbian.
Sparks I don’t care about that, but her bestie was one of those Muslims. You know, the one married to the guy always showing his junk on the internet. Huma Abba-Jabba, or something.
King I’d like to discuss two issues that dogged Hillary Clinton’s campaign…
Sparks Can I just say I ate a whole box of chocolate pinwheel cookies last night? I’d like to say that. Then I vomited them back up, because I have to stay thin.
King Thank you, Andrea. Now, if I could turn to Clinton’s involvement – if you choose to call it that – in the Benghazi attack, where four Americans, including US ambassador J Christopher Stevens, were killed. Did that play a part in your decision not to vote for Clinton?
Allen Is Benghazi in Africa or China?
Russell Actually, it’s in Libya. Which the Obama administration destabilized by not helping Gaddafi in his time of need. The man was an asshole, but he was our asshole. Pardon my French, ladies.
Barker Putting the bitch factor aside, I don’t think you can hold her responsible for what a bunch of ragheads do. They just want to kill Americans for Allah.
King So you don’t blame her?
Barker Not for that, Jesus no. Hey, you should see my collection of surfer mags. My wife thinks it’s the boards I’m interested in.
King Just to put a button on this, were any of you influenced by Benghazi when you stepped into the voting booth?
[No responses.]
King OK, let’s move along. There was also a controversy about Clinton sending and receiving emails on an unsecured server. Something like 35,000. Did that influence any of you?
Russell Speaking just for myself, not at all. Hackers can get into any computer, secured or not. Someone phished my American Express card number and got himself over $1,000 worth of equipment at Best Buy. They should bring back the whipping post for people who do that. It would put a stop to the practice in short order.
Allen Billy-boy, you nailed it. Computers these days might as well be screen doors. You see hacking all the time in the music business. And hey, get real. What was the stuff going back and forth, anyway? Recipes, gossip, I’ll be here at such-and-such a time, did you see her new purse, shit like that. Give me a break.
Barker What’s this about emails? What are you talking about?
Wiggins Never mind, no biggie.
Gagnon My computer is busted. It was just a cheap one, anyway. I have to buy a new one, but can’t afford it just now. I’d steal one, but I’m scared of getting caught.
King Andrea, what about you?
Sparks I don’t care about that chick’s emails. What I care about are the taco-benders down the street with their food wagon, cutting into my business. I went to the police, and they said the taco-benders had a permit. How do illegals get a permit to sell food on the street? Tell me that.
Russell Do you have proof they are illegals, Andrea?
Sparks I don’t need proof. Those wetbacks are like bedbugs, they’re everywhere. And they breed. I can’t wait until Trump builds that wall. The Mexicans say they won’t pay for it, but they will, unless they want American tanks in Juárez and Tijuana. You wait and see. Trump takes no shit. I like a man who takes no shit. If my ex-husbands had been more like that, I’d never have fired them.
Wiggins You want a scandal? Clinton’s on the side of the baby-killers, that’s a scandal.
Barker She’s also on the side of the gun Puritans. I’ve got four firearms, two handguns and two rifles, and nobody’s taking those suckers. Nobody.
King Very interesting, Gary, but we’ve wandered away from the question. Were any of you influenced by the so-called email scandal when you stepped into the voting booth?
[No responses.]
King OK, I’d like to move along to…
Allen Can I say something else about Hillary?
King Of course, David.
Allen You asked us when we decided to vote for Trump. I’ll tell you when I decided I was also gonna vote against her, even though I thought she was basically OK. Smart, even. I don’t go along with that bitch stuff, either. I work with women on the road, and even the ones who are bitches hate that word. So I steer clear of it.
Sparks What’s your point, Mr Huffington Post Politically Correct?
Allen You ought to do something about that hair, ma’am, your dye job’s showing.
Sparks Fuck you.
King If we have that out of the way…
Allen I was in Houston on 9/11 last year, OK? Visiting my sister and picking up some bucks working an Eric Church gig. That afternoon, before I had to go on down to the Bayou and start rolling amps, I was in this little place called Spot Mike’s, kind of a lunchateria where they also serve beer. The TV was on, and they showed Hillary collapsing after she tried to give a speech, or maybe she did give it, I don’t know. But she went legless and the men around her, probably Secret Service, had to help her into the car. It made me think of something my grandad used to say: woman-weak. That’s what she was, woman-weak. Now suppose that happened during a crisis, or something. No, she didn’t have any business being the most powerful person in the world.
King Can I point out that George HW Bush vomited during a state dinner in Japan?
Barker I remember that, but he had food poisoning. Her, though, it’s like Dave said: woman-weak.
Gagnon I heard she had a bunch of strokes and they covered it up.
Russell She and Slick Willie are big-time dopers. It’s a known fact. Whereas Trump doesn’t even drink.
Wiggins Kind of a fat shit, though, isn’t he? Likes his Whoppers.
[General affectionate laughter from the panel.]
King I want to move on to some of the negatives about Trump, and ask why they didn’t influence you. Let’s start with his alleged ties to Russia. Anyone care to comment?
Gagnon Speaking of influence, do you have any with TV people, Mr King? I’d sure like to be on The Price Is Right. I’m very good at guessing the prices of things, toasters and such, and I’d like a chance at one of those showcases. They have these wonderful trips.
King I’m sorry, I don’t know anyone who…
Russell You have to stand in line, like everyone else. Live with it.
King There have been accusations that Trump’s associates have ties to Russia, and that Trump himself may have financial interests in that part of the world. He’s certainly said plenty of complimentary things about Putin. Any feelings on that? Helen? What about you?
Wiggins What’s wrong with making friends of an enemy? Burying the hatchet? That’s what the Bible says.
Allen Like that song, What’s So Funny ’Bout Peace, Love, And Understanding?
Sparks Totally agree. As for the oil, if there’s more, the prices go down. More miles for your buck. No-brainer.
Gagnon Speaking of that, they had one of those electric cars on The Price Is Right just last week. I think it was a Prius, or maybe a…
Russell Two strong men working together. I like it. It’s good for business.
King Anyone else?
Wiggins Is it lunchtime yet? I don’t know if it’s the serum or what, but I could eat a horse.
Allen I got something you can eat, hon. Not as big as a horse but almost.
King This seems an appropriate time to ask about certain sexual allegations. The famous “grab ’em by the pussy” remark, for instance. And how you can “do anything” if you’re famous. Ladies first.
Gagnon How many women do you think have been throwing themselves at him, someone who’s rich and handsome?
[General laughter at the word handsome.]
Gagnon Well, he was, anyway, and he’s still rich. Nobody talks about women who go sex-fishing for men, tell you that.
Sparks Also, most women in showbusiness are whores, so what’s the big deal? Look at the Academy Awards if you don’t believe me. Every woman under 30 falling out of her dress. Show a man dessert, honey, he’s going to want to eat.
Barker And at least he’s not a fag, you know?
Wiggins Men are men, that’s all. They all talk big, especially when they’re with other men.
Russell Sure. And let me point out we were electing a president, not a saint.
Allen Exactly. That sex stuff was just the press, trying to sell papers and bring him down while they were at it. Those guys were all for Hillary.
King OK, but suppose the shoe had been on the other foot, and the press had obtained a tape of Hillary talking like that?
Sparks They didn’t.
Wiggins Also, it’s different for women. The… um…
Russell The perception.
Wiggins Right.
King I believe you have a daughter, Helen…
Wiggins That’s right. Patricia. Patty. She’s the best thing in my life. Smart as well as pretty. Gets all As in school. You should see her book reports!
King What if it was her pussy Trump was talking about grabbing?
Wiggins That’s a filthy thing to say. Also stupid. My daughter’s only nine. Even the New York Times never said Trump goes for kiddies, and they lie about everything.
King I’m just saying…
Wiggins Well, don’t. Save the dirty talk for your books.
King OK, let’s move on to Trump’s taxes. He won’t reveal them.
Allen No law says he has to.
King What if he’s hiding something?
Sparks Honey, we’re all hiding something. Although I will admit I’d like to see what sort of fiddles he’s using.
[General laughter.]
Barker Actually, I would, too. He’s got a lot of friends in big business, and they all care more about their money than anything else. Goes without saying. That stuff about how he was going to drain the swamp? I never believed it. They drain the swamp, everyone will see how many bodies they’ve buried there.
Sparks Not to mention how much buried treasure.
Allen If he does a good job, fuck his tax returns.
Barker Can’t argue with that.
Gagnon Besides, rich people don’t have to pay like the rest of us, everyone knows that. They have lawyers and accountants to keep them on the right side of the law. They know all the loopholes. It’s how the world works. He’s against Obamacare, that’s the important thing. That takes more money out of poor people’s pockets than taxes. It’s not like the Affordable Care Act. The Republicans did that, and it’s much better.
King It appeared that he made fun of a reporter with a physical disability – shaking and stuttering. Any thoughts on that?
Russell Not relevant.
King It doesn’t speak to character?
Russell Of course not. Don’t be obtuse.
Allen It wasn’t very nice, but the guy pissed him off. Sure, it was politically incorrect, but I thought it was, um…
Sparks A breath of fresh air?
Allen Yes. It woke people up. None of the usual politician bullshit. Hannity isn’t right about everything, but he sure was about that.
King This would be Sean Hannity, of Fox News?
Allen Correct.
King How many of you got most of your information on the candidates from Fox News?
[Allen, Russell and Sparks raise their hands.]
King What about you, Felicia?
Gagnon I watch Lester Holt. Also Good Morning America.
King Gary?
Barker I read USA Today. They have a little story about Indiana every day, and their sports coverage is terrific. The rest you have to take with a grain of salt, because the coverage was slanted toward Clinton.
Russell What wasn’t slanted in the papers was made up of whole cloth. Fake news. The worst offender was the New York Slimes, and they won’t let it go.
King I think we’ve about finished, but I’d like to run one more thing by you before we break for lunch. Psychologists mention four basic traits when diagnosing a sociopathic condition known as narcissistic personality disorder. People suffering from this condition believe themselves superior to others, they insist on having the best of everything, they are egocentric and boastful, and they have a tendency to first select love objects, then find them at fault and push them aside. Comments?
[A long silence at the table.]
Russell What’s your point?
Gagnon Are you sure you can’t get me on The Price Is Right?



ARTICLE
Donald Trump has fired the acting US attorney general after she told justice department lawyers not to defend his executive order banning entry for people from seven Muslim-majority countries.
The White House said on Monday that Sally Yates had “betrayed” the department by refusing to enforce a legal order that was “designed to protect the citizens of the United States”.
Trump drafted in Dana Boente, US attorney for the eastern district of Virginia, to replace Yates as acting attorney general. The president’s official appointee, anti-immigration hardliner Senator Jeff Sessions, is yet to be confirmed by the Senate.
As the country’s top law enforcement official, Yates, who was appointed by Barack Obama, had control over the justice department’s immigration litigation office, which has handled the federal complaints filed against Trump’s order since his bombshell policy was announced on Friday.
“I am responsible for ensuring that the positions we take in court remain consistent with this institution’s solemn obligation to always seek justice and stand for what is right,” Yates wrote in a letter to justice department lawyers. “At present I am not convinced that the defense of the executive order is consistent with these responsibilities nor am I convinced that the executive order is lawful.”
The action earned praise from immigration activists and Democrats but within three hours Yates was gone.
A statement from the White House press secretary’s office said: “Ms Yates is an Obama administration appointee who is weak on borders and very weak on illegal immigration.
“It is time to get serious about protecting our country. Calling for tougher vetting for individuals travelling from seven dangerous places is not extreme. It is reasonable and necessary to protect our country.”
Trump had “relieved Ms Yates of her duties” and Boente would take over until Sessions’s confirmation by the Senate “where he is being wrongly held up by Democrat senators for strictly political reasons”.
Sessions, a longtime Trump ally, has drawn vocal opposition from liberal groups.
The White House statement quoted Boente as saying: “I am honored to serve President Trump in this role until Senator Sessions is confirmed. I will defend and enforce the laws of our country to ensure that our people and our nation are protected.”
The president’s swift action was praised by his supporters. Newt Gingrich drew parallels with reality TV show The Apprentice. “Trump practiced ‘you’re fired’ for years,” the former House Speaker tweeted. “Today he applied it to an insubordinate acting [attorney] general. Congratulations.”
Democrats condemned the dismissal. Zac Petkanas, a senior adviser to the Democratic National Committee, said: “Donald Trump can try to silence heroic patriots like Sally Yates who dare to speak truth to power about his illegal anti-Muslim ban that emboldens terrorists around the globe. But he cannot silence the growing voices of an American people now wide awake to his tyrannical presidency.”
Analysts compared the firing to the 1973 “Saturday night massacre” when Richard Nixon sacked the special Watergate prosecutor, Archibald Cox, prompting the resignation of Elliot Richardson as attorney general.
Laurence Tribe, a constitutional law professor at Harvard University, told MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow Show: “I think it’s historic. It certainly reminded me immediately of the Saturday night massacre. There are many differences but one is how quickly this has happened in the Trump presidency.
“It’s as if history is being collapsed into a black hole and everything is happening faster than the speed of light.”
Tribe argued that “the executive order really challenges who we are as Americans and violates important parts of the constitution” and noted there had been protests from the ground up.
“I think it’s an important turning point in our history and tonight is part of that extraordinary moment we are living through.”
Yates, a career justice department attorney, was the deputy attorney general in the Obama administration. The Trump team had asked her to stay on to allow for a cohesive transition, even as the other senior leadership of the justice department departed.
Jeff Sessions had been supposed to receive a Senate vote on his attorney general nomination on Tuesday. But Yates’s contradiction of Trump’s order, however short-lived it proved, lent the imprimatur of the justice department against one of the president’s signature initiatives.
Patrick Leahy, Democrat and ranking member of the Senate judiciary committee, said: “Federal courts have already found President Trump’s immigration order is very likely unconstitutional, and tonight acting attorney general Yates concluded that it was not legally defensible.
“She was fired for recognising that her oath is to the Constitution and not to President Trump. His accusation that she has ‘betrayed the Department of Justice’ is wrong and it is dangerous.
“President Trump has now put his cabinet on notice: if you adhere to your oath of office to defend the Constitution, you risk your job. Equally troubling is that his nominee for attorney general, Senator Jeff Sessions, has shown no indication that he has the independence to put the Constitution before the president. The Senate at its best can be the conscience of the nation. Senators must oppose Senator Sessions.”
Lee Gelernt, of the American Civil Liberties Union’s immigrants rights project, said of Yates’s stand: “This is a remarkable but welcome development and sends a powerful message that there’s something very wrong with a Muslim ban.”
Evan McMullin, a former CIA operative and independent candidate in the 2016 presidential election, tweeted: “I salute the courage of @SallyQYates. May other Americans in the government have the same resolve when required.”
Yates, 56, from Atlanta, Georgia, was the lead prosecutor in the case against Olympic bomber Eric Rudolph.
She received bipartisan praise when she was appointed to the number two spot below Loretta Lynch at the justice department in 2015. The Republican Senator Johnny Isakson of Georgia said of her: “Sally Quillian Yates is a human being I have known for almost 40 years. For 25 years she has been the lead prosecutor in the northern district of Georgia. She has been an equal opportunity prosecutor. She’s prosecuted Democrats, Republicans, independents, Olympic park bombers, anybody that violated the public trust, any abuse of power.”
His fellow Republican, David Perdue, said of Yates: “I’m confident that she will bring an objective, apolitical approach to the justice department.”
Georgia’s Republican governor, Nathan Deal, wrote in a letter to the Senate judiciary committee: “Sally has shown an ability to handle sensitive matters in a way that maintains the appropriate objectivity that is required of a federal prosecutor.”
Remarkably, Yates was asked in senate confirmation hearings what she would say to a president who wanted to do something unlawful – and the person who asked the question was Jeff Sessions, Trump’s nominee for attorney general.
Sessions prefaced his question by telling Yates: “You have to watch out, because people will be asking you to do things you just need to say no about.
“Do you think the attorney general has a responsibility to say no to the president, if he asks for something that is improper? … If the views the president wants to execute are unlawful, should the attorney general or the deputy attorney general say no?” 
Yates told Sessions: “Senator I believe the attorney general or the deputy attorney general has an obligation to follow the law and the Constitution, and to give their independent legal advice to the president.”
Before he fired Yates, Trump responded first on Twitter, branding her an “Obama AG” in a post that also complained about Democrats holding up his cabinet nominations. “The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons,” he wrote. “They have nothing going but to obstruct.”
Senator Ted Cruz, a longtime rival of Trump, came to the president’s defense on Monday night. “President Trump was exactly right to fire an acting attorney general who refused to carry out her constitutional duty to enforce and defend the law.” He added that Yates, in his opinion, “put brazen partisan interests above fidelity to law.”
Yates’s decision was the latest show of dissent from a government agency at odds with Trump’s executive order. Earlier on Monday hundreds of US diplomats were reported to have signed a memo fiercely dissenting from Trump’s travel ban.
The executive order signed on Friday denies refugees, immigrants and travelers from certain Muslim-majority countries entry to the US; indefinitely closes US borders to refugees fleeing the humanitarian crisis in war-torn Syria; imposes a de facto ban on people traveling to the US from parts of the Middle East and Africa; and prioritizes refugee claims “on the basis of religious-based persecution”.
Yates’s decision came as Reuters reported that the US government had granted waivers to allow 872 refugees into the country this week, despite the ban being implemented on Friday evening.
In a sign of the turbulent waters in which Trump is swimming, it was unclear whether Boente, the new acting attorney general, could sign national security surveillance requests under the seminal Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (Fisa), when he was not specifically confirmed in his role by the Senate.
Mike German, an FBI counterterrorism agent and surveillance law expert, said the Boente appointment had created an “unprecedented” situation but thought the Fisa court was unlikely to stand in the way of a surveillance request.
“The Fisa court doesn’t have a long history of finding reasons to reject [requests], and if it were to err here, it’d be on the side of authorizing the new acting attorney general to sign the warrants,” German said.
The White House indicated to pool reporters it believed Boente had the requisite surveillance authority.



ARTICLE
The new US secretary of defence, James Mattis, is to reassure Japan and South Korea of Washington’s commitment to the security of the volatile Asia-Pacific region, despite suggestions by Donald Trump that he was ready to scale down the US’s military presence there.
Mattis, a retired Marine general, will reaffirm America’s role in strengthening security ties with its two strongest allies in the region when he visits South Korea on Tuesday and Japan the following day.
“The trip will underscore the commitment of the United States to our enduring alliances to Japan and the Republic of Korea, and further strengthen US-Japan-Republic of Korea security cooperation,” the Pentagon spokesman, Jeff Davis, said.
Trump rattled nerves in Tokyo and Seoul during the presidential election campaign when he suggested he would withdraw tens of thousands of troops from Japan and South Korea unless their governments paid more to maintain US forces based there.
In an interview with Fox News last April, he also intimated that the two countries should be able to develop independent nuclear deterrents – a move that would trigger a potentially catastrophic Asia-Pacific arms race.
 South Korea hosts about 28,500 US troops, mainly along its heavily armed border with North Korea. Japan is home to about 47,000 US military personnel, more than half of whom are based on the southern island of Okinawa, where a row over the construction of an offshore runway for use by the marines has fuelled anti-US sentiment.
Japanese officials have pointed out that Japan contributes almost 75% of the total cost of hosting US troops in the country. “The Japan-US alliance is not a mechanism from which only one of the countries benefits,” the chief cabinet secretary, Yoshihide Suga, said earlier this month. “We believe the costs are being appropriately shared between Japan and the United States.”
Japan and South Korea are eager to build on the close military ties they enjoyed under Barack Obama, amid rising tensions over North Korea’s nuclear weapons programme and China’s military buildup in the South China Sea.
 In his new year’s speech, North Korea’s leader Kim Jong-un boasted that the country was preparing to test-launch an intercontinental ballistic missile “soon” – a claim that has been supported by South Korean intelligence officials.
Mattis will visit Japan and South Korea amid rising tensions over Chinese island-building in disputed parts of the South China Sea.
China, meanwhile, has warned the US to “speak and act cautiously” after the White House said it would oppose Chinese attempts to “take over” the South China Sea. The foreign ministry in Beijing urged Washington to avoid doing anything to “harm the peace and stability” of the strategic waterway.
This month, Chinese state-controlled media said Beijing would “take off the gloves” if Trump followed through with a promise to abandon the US policy of recognising that Taiwan is part of “one China”.
Mattis has been more emphatic than Trump in affirming the new administration’s commitment to its military alliances. He described “the Pacific theatre” as a priority, and some analysts expect an anticipated rise in defence spending under Trump to strengthen the US military’s presence in the Asia-Pacific.
On Monday, Mattis reiterated America’s “unshakeable commitment” to Nato. That contrasts with earlier comments by Trump, who described the organisation as “obsolete” for being ill-equipped to fight international terrorism, and criticised most of its members for not paying their fair share towards the alliance.
During his senate confirmation hearings last week, Mattis also acknowledged that it was in the US’s interest to preserve its alliances with South Korea and Japan. “The United States is stronger when we uphold our treaty obligations,” he said, but added: “We expect our allies and partners to uphold their obligations as well”.
Though dismayed by Trump’s decision to pull the US out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership free trade deal, Japan’s prime minister, Shinzō Abe, appears to have convinced the president that Japan should figure prominently on his security agenda.
Abe was the first foreign leader to meet Trump after his election victory in November, and the two leaders are reportedly preparing to hold a summit in Washington in the first half of next month.



ARTICLE
For months, critics of the president have been told that they should take Trump’s words seriously, but not literally.
On Wednesday night federal district judge Derrick K Watson refused to take the bait. He insisted that Trump’s words on “banning Muslims” should be taken seriously and literally.
Judge Watson made headlines when he granted a temporary restraining order halting Trump’s latest effort to ban entry of people from six predominantly Muslim nations into the United States. 
The judge found that the executive order violates the constitution’s establishment clause and discriminates against a religious group.
His decision galvanized attention because it set up a new clash between Trump and the judiciary, a clash that the president eagerly took up when he told a large and supportive audience in Nashville, Tennessee, that the judge’s order striking down what he called a “watered down version of the first order” was “an unprecedented judicial overreach”.
Yet as important as substance of the judge’s decision, and the clash that it foretells, is, what may be even more important is the lesson that it offers about the enduring power of language.
The judge set out to determine if the revised executive order, which now makes no reference to religion, was simply a pretext for an unconstitutional act of religious discrimination. To do so he recalled the many things that the president said about the purpose of the executive order he issued, both before and after he took office.
Watson insisted on taking literally Trump’s electioneering statement: “Donald J Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.” In addition, he offered a long list of statements to that same effect made by Trump and his spokespeople. 
He called particular attention to the statement of Rudy Giuliani when he went on television to explain how the initial executive order came to be. The judge reminded the readers of his opinion of what Giuliani said: “When [Trump] first announced it, he said, ‘Muslim ban’. He called me up. He said, ‘Put a commission together. Show me the right way to do it legally.’”
The judge tellingly referred to what he called the “plainly-worded statements made in the months leading up to and contemporaneous with the signing of the executive order, and, in many cases, made by the executive himself” that, Watson insisted, “betray the executive order’s stated secular purpose”.
The distinguished law professor Alan Dershowitz was quick to take to the airwaves to analyze Watson’s decision and to venture predictions about its ultimate fate. Just as he had done in February, when he discussed the judicial order about the president’s first travel ban, Dershowitz pointed to the president’s broad powers in the area of immigration and confidently predicted that Judge Watson’s decision would be overturned on appeal, if not by the ninth circuit court of appeals, then by the supreme court.
Dershowitz may be right about the ultimate fate of the latest judicial imposition of restraint. But, I think he misses a far more important and lasting legacy of this judge’s decision, namely its insistence on listening closely to what is said and holding on to the belief that words do have “plain” meanings, meanings which no person, no matter how powerful, can wish away.
In so doing he won a small battle in the struggle to keep democracy and the rule of law alive.
What Judge Watson wants us to understand, whether we favor or oppose the travel ban, is that when words lose their meaning and their capacity to bind those who use them, neither democracy nor the rule of law can long survive. 
In contrast, when citizens and officials insist on the integrity of language they nourish the hope that both will outlive current assaults on them.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s spokesman, Sean Spicer, was unapologetic on Monday for making false assertions about the size of the crowd at his inauguration, declaring: “Sometimes we can disagree with the facts.”
Spicer, 45, was catapulted to celebrity on Saturday when he berated the media for its coverage of the ceremony. The press secretary claimed it had the biggest audience in history despite evidence from photos, crowd experts, TV ratings and the Washington Metro network.
#SpicerFacts jokes flooded Twitter and were used with relish by public announcers at sports games across the US.
On Monday, in his first Q&A session at the White House, Spicer struck a softer tone but was far from repentant.
Asked if it was his intention to always tell the truth from the White House podium, the press secretary replied: “It is. It’s an honor to do this, and yes, I believe that we have to be honest with the American people. I think sometimes we can disagree with the facts. There are certain things that we may not fully understand when we come out, but our intention is never to lie to you.”
He attempted to turn the tables on the media by pointing out errors in its own reporting and claiming that, through relentless negativity, it is trying to undermine the president. “You’re in the same boat. There are times when you guys tweet something out or write a story and publish a correction, but that doesn’t mean you were deliberately trying to deceive readers, does it?”
Apparently referring to his past comment that the White House will hold the media accountable, he described it as “a two-way street”.
Spicer was more amiable than when he delivered Saturday’s admonishment without taking questions, perhaps in an attempt to turn the page. But he was notably vague on policies ranging from healthcare to climate change, from a border wall to the Keystone and Dakota Access pipelines.
He also offered little detail on whether Trump and Theresa May would discuss the parameters of a post-Brexit trade deal when the British prime minister visits on Friday. “I’m sure that there will be a discussion of trade, the degree to which I don’t know yet,” he said. “He’s going to have a great conversation about the potential for greater trade with the UK.”
May will be the first foreign leader to visit since Trump moved into the White House. Spicer added: “We have always had that special relationship with Britain and that reflects in the prime minister’s first visit here. He’s had a great conversation with her and looks forward having her here. We can always be closer.”
But “alternative facts”, as Trump’s counselor Kellyanne Conway described them on Sunday, and a sense of grievance in the Trump team were a recurring theme at the briefing.
Spicer backed down on his use of Washington Metro passenger statistics to back his disputed claim about the size of the inauguration crowd.
“At the time, the information that I was provided by the inaugural committee came from an outside agency that we reported on,” he admitted. “And I think knowing what we know now, we can tell that WMATA [the transit authority]’s numbers are different, but we were trying to provide numbers that we had been provided. That wasn’t like we made them up out of thin air.”
But he stuck to his guns about the audience, insisting that he had always been referring to both those there in person and those watching via TV and the internet worldwide. “Sure, it was the most-watched inaugural … There were tens of millions of people that watched that online … It’s unquestionable.”
This included on phones, TVs, tablets, Facebook and YouTube, he argued. “I’d love to see any information that proves that otherwise … I don’t think there’s any question that it was the most-watched inauguration ever. I think I’m right in saying [Ronald] Reagan didn’t have YouTube.”
His original statement on Saturday did say “both in person and around the globe”, but before and after this clause he had focused on the crowd watching the inauguration in person. 
Turning his fire on the media, Spicer criticised a mistaken media report that Trump had removed a bust of civil rights leader Martin Luther King from the Oval Office. “We have a tweet go out about Martin Luther King. Think about how racially charged that is … Where was the apology to the president of the United States?
“There’s a point at which we have a right to go out there and correct the record … We want to have an open and healthy dialogue with the press corps and the American people.”
Asked why he and Trump wanted to raise the issue of the crowd size in the first place, Spicer complained that Trump was not being given a fair crack: “The default narrative is always negative and it’s demoralising. I think when you sit here and you realise the sacrifices the guy made of leaving a very successful business because he really cares about this country, and despite your partisan differences, he cares about making this country better for everybody.”
Trump’s inaugural speech declared that he would put “America first” and argued that patriotism could heal the nation’s divisions. On Monday, paperwork was filed with the federal government declaring officially that the day of his inauguration, 20 January 2017, would officially be known as the “National Day of Patriotic Devotion”.
Spicer said Trump’s legislative priorities would be repealing Obamacare, immigration, tax reform and regulatory reform. Asked whether he would undo Obama’s decision to give work authorisation to undocumented immigrants brought to the US as children, the spokesman indicated it was not a priority.
Spicer was asked if Trump had spoken to any intelligence agencies about their reported investigations into his aides’ Russian connections and whether he would allow such investigations to continue.
 “I don’t believe he has spoken to anyone specifically about that,” Spicer replied. “And I don’t know that – he has not given any indication that he’ll stop an investigation of any kind.” 
Democrats quickly seized on what they saw as a half-hearted answer. Adrienne Watson, national press secretary of the Democratic National Committee, said: “It is distressing the White House refuses to commit to let the six intelligence and law enforcement agencies currently investigating the ties between Russia and President Trump’s team to finish their investigations without interference. 
“Reportedly, career intelligence officials are already fearful their investigation will be shut down – a move that would only be fitting in a dictatorship like Russia, not in the United States of America.”
The McClatchy news agency has reported that the FBI and five other agencies have been collaborating for months on an investigation into the extent of Russian attempts to skew the election. 
Spicer also contradicted reports by the Washington Post, Reuters and the Wall Street Journal that Trump’s national security adviser Michael Flynn had several phone calls with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak during the transition, at first claiming there had been one call, then correcting that to two. 
“There’s been one call — I talked to General Flynn about this again last night — there’s been one call that talks about four subjects,” he said. “One was the loss of life that occurred in the plane crash that took their military choir. Two was Christmas and holiday greetings. Three was to talk about a conference in Syria on Isis. And four was to talk about after the inauguration setting up a call between President Putin and President Trump.
“I don’t believe that that has been set up yet, because the call was to say, ‘After…’ They did follow up, I’m sorry, two days ago, about how to facilitate that call. So there have been a total of two calls with the ambassador and General Flynn, and the second call came, I think it’s now three three days ago that was to say: once he gets into office, can we set up that call? It hasn’t, to my knowledge, occurred yet.”
Flynn’s communications with Russian officials are under investigation by US intelligence agencies, according to the Wall Street Journal. Spicer added: “During the transition I asked General Flynn whether or not there were any other conversations beyond the ambassador and he said no.”
Responding to a question about Russian claims of a joint air mission with the US in Syria, which the Pentagon has denied, Spicer said Trump would “work with any country that shares our interest in defeating Isis”, saying that applied to “Russia or anyone else”.
Spicer was also questioned about the president’s response to the millions of people who took part in women’s marches in Washington and other major cities. “I think he has a healthy respect for the first amendment,” he said. “This is what makes our country so beautiful. On one day you can inaugurate a president, on the next day people can occupy the same space to protest something.
“But he’s also cognisant to the fact that a lot of these people were to protest an issue of concern to them and not against anything.”
The briefing room in the West Wing was as crowded as for Barack Obama’s farewell press conference five days earlier.
Sitting at his right side were White House staff including Conway and the director of strategic communications, Hope Hicks. He began with a broad grin and an upbeat, “Good afternoon, everyone!” – apparently from the Conway playbook.
Meanwhile CNN reported that Trump has signed a letter resigning from positions in more than 400 business entities. It was dated 19 January, the day before he was sworn in as president.
Earlier this month Trump pledged to transfer his business holdings to a trust run by his sons, Donald Jr and Eric. Alan Garten, a lawyer for the Trump Organization, told CNN on Monday that the trust has been set up.
Spicer said Trump’s two adult sons, Donald Jr and Eric, are “fully in charge of the company”. But after consulting with Hicks he admitted no documents proving Trump had stepped away from his business interests had been made public “at this time”.



ARTICLE
A former adviser to Donald Trump who is at the centre of an FBI investigation was exhibiting “strongly pro-Kremlin” ideology almost two decades ago, his former employer has told the Guardian.
Carter Page, who was reportedly being monitored by the FBI last summer because of suspicions about his ties to Russia, was hired in 1998 by the Eurasia Group, a major US consulting firm that advises banks and multinational corporations, but left the firm shortly thereafter.
The account of Page’s abrupt departure from the Eurasia Group suggests that concerns about Page and questions about his links to Russia were known in some professional circles for nearly two decades and long before Page joined Trump’s successful presidential campaign.
Now Page – who has denied all wrongdoing – is at the centre of overlapping FBI and congressional investigations into possible cooperation between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin.
The former Merrill Lynch banker, who was relatively unknown in politics before he was touted as being a foreign policy adviser in the Trump campaign, has steadfastly declined to comment on how he got involved in the Republican campaign. He told ABC News on Thursday that he would not disclose the name of the person who recruited him into the campaign because it would fuel conspiracy theories and have their “lives disrupted”.
Ian Bremmer, the influential president of the Eurasia Group, on Thursday used Twitter to call Page the “most wackadoodle” alumni of the firm in history.
Bremmer told the Guardian that Page had worked at Eurasia for three months.
“It was very clear he was ideologically very strongly pro-Kremlin, which wasn’t at all clear when he interviewed. As a result, he wasn’t a good fit at Eurasia Group,” Bremmer said through a spokesperson in an email.
Page is the first Trump aide known to have been the subject of a secret surveillance order, known as a Fisa warrant and issued by a secret court, concerning his connections to Russia. The warrant, as revealed by the Washington Post, was issued in summer 2016, around the time the FBI’s counterintelligence investigation into the Trump-Russia allegations began in late July. 
Because Fisa exists to restrict national-security surveillance on Americans, the standards the FBI must meet to obtain one against a specific US citizen are high. They require a certification that probable cause exists that the target of the intended surveillance is an agent of a foreign power. 
When the Guardian approached Page, he disputed the factual allegations Bremmer made against him about his departure from the Eurasia Group but said he would not comment for this story.
Page has repeatedly said he wants to testify before the House intelligence committee’s inquiry into Trump-Russia contacts to clear his name. In the interview with ABC News on Thursday, Page initially denied discussing sanctions with Russians during his Moscow trip, but then backtracked under questioning, saying “something may have come up” with unidentified Russian contacts.
“Let’s see what comes out in this Fisa transcript,” Page told the journalist George Stephanopoulos.
One person who knew Page and is familiar with his employment history said the former Trump adviser was not regarded as particularly effective or intelligent – he was “not smooth or a slick guy”, the source said.
The 2016 Fisa warrant, lasting 90 days and reportedly renewed at least once for another 90-day period, does not mark the first time Page has come under counterintelligence suspicion. 
A January 2015 indictment of a Russian spy ring identified Page, under a pseudonym, as a contact of a Russian intelligence operative, Victor Podobnyy. Page confirmed to BuzzFeed that he was Podobnyy’s “Male #1” associate, from whom Podobnyy, operating out of Russia’s UN office, acquired documents about the US energy industry. 
“I think he is an idiot and forgot who I am ... He got hooked on Gazprom thinking that if they have a project, he could rise up,” court papers quote Podobnyy as saying about Page.
Page, relatively obscure in US foreign policy circles, was among the most forthrightly pro-Russia advisers to sign on with Trump. In July 2016, Page traveled to Moscow to speak before the Kremlin-connected New Economic School. His speech, reportedly approved by the Trump campaign, lambasted US and western “hypocrisy” in pushing “democratization, inequality, corruption and regime change” while urging “mutual respect” between Moscow and Washington. 
In 2015, Page referenced the Kanye West song New Slaves, a meditation on race and wealth, to accuse Barack Obama, the first black US president, of mistreating Russia. Page said the sections on Russia in Obama’s February 2015 national security strategy “closely parallel an 1850 publication that offered guidance to slaveholders on how to produce the ‘ideal slave’”.
Although Trump unveiled Page as a foreign policy adviser in March 2016, the campaign and later the Trump administration disavowed him as marginal, particularly after reports of his ties to Russia surfaced.
In January, following confirmation that Page was among several Trump surrogates to meet with the Russian ambassador, Sergey Kislyak, the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, said: “Carter Page is an individual who the president-elect does not know, and was put on notice months ago by the campaign.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump dismissed claims that he owed his election victory to Moscow’s interference on Thursday as he insisted: “Russia is fake news.”
The US president, who has been rocked by the resignation of his national security adviser and dogged by months of speculation about his links to Vladimir Putin’s Russia, repeatedly denied reports he or associates on his presidential campaign had had contact with Russian intelligence operatives in advance of the November election, calling the reports “fake news”.
“Russia is a ruse ... Russia is a ruse,” Trump said, echoing an earlier assertion that the story was an attempt by Democrats to justify Hillary Clinton’s election loss. “I have nothing to do with Russia. Haven’t made a phone call to Russia in years. Don’t speak to people from Russia. Not that I wouldn’t. I just have nobody to speak to. I spoke to [Russian president Vladimir] Putin twice. He called me on the election. I told you this. And he called me on the inauguration, a few days ago.”
The New York Times and CNN published reports on Tuesday saying that former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort and at least three other Trump associates had had what CNN called “constant contact” with Russian operatives before the election. Barack Obama sanctioned Russia in December for what he described as its efforts to tamper with the presidential election, activity that intelligence agencies have concluded sought to tip the election in Trump’s favor. 
“To the best of my knowledge, no person that I deal with” had contacts with Russia during the campaign, Trump said. “Manafort has totally denied it,” he said. “He said no ... Now, he was replaced long before the election.”

Manafort, a former lobbyist for a pro-Moscow political party operating in Ukraine and other regional entities, resigned from the Trump campaign in August 2016, after facing pressure to explain his lobbying of the US government on behalf of foreign governments without being properly registered. 
Focus on Trump’s Russia ties intensified after it emerged last week, via numerous leaks from intelligence sources, that the former national security adviser Michael Flynn had discussed Obama’s sanctions with the Russian ambassador, Sergey Kislyak, on the day they were announced. The former acting attorney general Sally Yates advised the White House in late January that Flynn may have broken the law by negotiating with a country in a diplomatic dispute with the US. Trump was not yet president when Flynn spoke to Kislyak and Flynn was not yet national security adviser.
At Thursday’s news conference – during which Trump took frequent detours to provide commentary on his relations with his press, his own popularity, the quality of the questions being asked and his election victory – Trump provided new detail of Flynn’s ouster from the administration, stating clearly for the first time that Flynn had been fired for failing to fully brief Vice-President Mike Pence on his conversations with Kislyak.
“I fired him because of what he said to Mike Pence, very simple,” Trump said. The president denied having known at the time that Flynn, then a private citizen, had discussed the sanctions. “Mike was doing his job. He was calling countries and his counterparts. So it certainly would have been OK with me if he did it,” Trump said. “I would have directed him to do it if he wasn’t doing it, because that’s his job.”
Yates advised the White House that Flynn may have violated the Logan Act, which pertains to the dealings of US citizens with foreign countries. Trump said on Thursday that his White House counsel, Donald McGahn, had advised him that Flynn had not likely broken the law. 
“I don’t think he did anything wrong” in discussing sanctions with Kislyak, Trump said of Flynn. “If anything, he did something right. He was just doing his job.”
Adrienne Watson, a spokesperson for the Democratic National Committee, said: “The fact that Donald Trump believes General Flynn was right to do what he did – undermining US sanctions on Russia – is outrageous and part of a larger pattern of disturbing pro-Putin policies of Trump’s, including undermining Nato and refusing to personally condemn Russian aggression in Ukraine.”
Three congressional committees have opened separate investigations into alleged ties between Trump and his associates and Russia during 2016. Trump repeatedly declared on Thursday that those ties were nonexistent, accusing the media of making up news meant to hurt him.
“You can talk all you want about Russia, which is all a fake-news fabricated deal,” Trump said. “I saw a couple people who were supposedly involved. It’s all fake news. The press should be ashamed of themselves, and the people who gave the information should be ashamed of themselves.
“It’s a joke.”
Trump said another reported associate suspected of having contacts with Russia, unnamed by the president in the news conference, was not in fact an associate. “I hadn’t spoken to them,” Trump said. “I don’t think I’ve ever met him.
“I didn’t do anything for Russia. I’ve done nothing for Russia,” Trump added. He ridiculed Clinton for handing the Russian foreign minister a “reset button” during her time as secretary of state, calling that prop “her stupid plastic button that made us all look like a bunch of jerks”.
“If we could get along with Russia, that’s a positive thing,” he continued, claiming the press wanted him to get into a conflict over reports that a Russian surveillance ship has been loitering off the shore of New England, a Russian missile test and a recent encounter between a Russian plane and a US ship.
“The greatest thing I could do is shoot that ship that’s 30 miles offshore right out of the water,” Trump said.
“The false, horrible fake reporting makes it much harder to make a deal with Russia,” the president continued. “And probably Putin said, you know, ‘I see what’s happening in the United States … it’s going to be impossible for President Trump to get along with Russia.’ And that’s a shame.
“It would be much easier for me to be so tough on Russia, the tougher I am on Russia the better, but you know what? I want to do the right thing for the American people. And to be honest, secondarily, I want to do the right thing for the world.
“They’re a very powerful nuclear country and so are we. If we have a good relationship with Russia, believe me, that’s a good thing, not a bad thing.”
Trump said he had had intelligence briefings on the matter and, although he was not willing to divulge classified information, he could say that “nuclear holocaust would be like no other”. 

 



ARTICLE
On 21 July 2007, George W Bush underwent surgery to have five polyps removed after what was described as a routine colonoscopy. The date may have been lost to history, but for the rare invocation at the time of a constitutional amendment laying out how the transfer of power to the vice-president works in cases of presidential disability. 
For 125 minutes – as long as it took for Bush to enter and emerge from partial anesthesia, eat breakfast and display possession of his native wit – Dick Cheney held all the powers attached to the office of the presidency. (Some wags have suggested that Cheney wielded that authority, unofficially, over a much longer time span.)
Even before the FBI director announced on Monday that the bureau is investigating possible collusion between the Donald Trump campaign and Moscow during the 2016 presidential election, the precise rules for how the powers of the presidency might be transferred – or simply rescinded – in case of criminality or emergency had become the subject of newfound and intense focus in the United States. 
Whispers about impeachment, the most familiar constitutional procedure for removing a president, began to circulate even before Trump had taken the oath of office. But two months into Trump’s presidency, those whispers – and the search for any other possible emergency exit – have grown into an open conversation that has moved well beyond the realm of a Democratic party daydream. “Get ready for impeachment,” an influential, 13-term Democratic congresswoman tweeted after the bombshell FBI announcement.
The Trump-Russia intrigue has produced a flood of speculation as to whether a new Watergate scandal was afoot. That crisis, which began with a break-in at Democratic party offices inside the Watergate hotel in 1972, brought down President Richard Nixon after two years, in the only resignation of an American president yet.
In a remarkable 77-minute press conference/performance artwork in February, Trump denied inappropriate ties to Moscow, which US intelligence agencies have concluded tampered with the presidential election in Trump’s favor. “I have nothing to do with Russia,” Trump said. “I told you, I have no deals there, I have no anything.”
But the significance of the allegations, and of the FBI investigation, is plain.
“On a 10 scale of Armageddon for our form of government, I would put Watergate at a 9,” wrote Dan Rather, the longtime network news anchor, in a Facebook post. “This Russia scandal is currently somewhere around a 5 or 6, in my opinion, but it is cascading in intensity seemingly by the hour. We may look back and see, in the end, that it is at least as big as Watergate. It may become the measure by which all future scandals are judged. It has all the necessary ingredients, and that is chilling.”
There are other grounds on which Trump might be removed from the presidency. A movement to impeach Trump for allegedly violating constitutional bans on receiving certain gifts – a problem rooted in the president’s failure to divest from his real estate, hotel and branding businesses – gained 875,000 online signatures in one month, said organizer John Bonifaz. 
“I think there are many members of Congress who are deeply troubled,” said Bonifaz, a constitutional law expert and MacArthur fellowship recipient. “I think it’s only a matter of time before a resolution gets introduced in the United States Congress that starts this process of an impeachment investigation in the House of Representatives.”
In yet another scenario, as laid out in the 25th amendment to the constitution, which Bush invoked when he handed off power to Cheney, the vice-president, acting in concert with a majority of the cabinet, might declare the president unfit to serve. This is the most delicious scenario, for connoisseurs of political intrigue, though the amendment has never been invoked to remove power from a president against his will.
So what does the history of impeachment of US presidents tell us about where we might go from here?
Two presidents, Bill Clinton (1998) and Andrew Johnson (1868). (Congress may also impeach judges.) Articles of impeachment were passed against Richard Nixon by a congressional committee, but Nixon resigned before the House of Representatives could vote on the matter, meaning that technically he was not impeached.
Impeachment does not mean expulsion from office. Under the constitution, impeachment happens in the House of Representatives if a majority approves articles of impeachment previously approved in committee. Then impeachment goes to the Senate, where a two-thirds majority vote is required to convict the president, upon which he would be removed from office.
Both Johnson and Clinton were impeached in the House but then acquitted in the Senate and remained in office. 
“Treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors”, the constitution says. Needless to say, there’s debate over what all those terms mean.
Johnson was charged with breaking the law by removing the US secretary of war, which, in the aftermath of the civil war, was not his decision as president to make. Clinton was charged with obstruction of justice and with perjury, for allegedly lying under oath to a federal grand jury about his affair with Monica Lewinsky. 
Had Nixon not resigned, he might have been convicted in the Senate on one of three charges: obstruction of justice, abuse of power or defiance of subpoenas. In any case, President Gerald Ford, who was Nixon’s vice-president and who succeeded him, pardoned Nixon of any crimes a month after Nixon resigned.
Theoretically, yes, under the aforementioned 25th amendment, which was ratified relatively recently, in 1967, to clear up succession issues made painfully urgent by the assassination of John F Kennedy. 
The 25th amendment describes a process by which a president may give away power owing to his or her own disability (the Bush polyps case), and a separate process by which power may be taken from a president owing to disability or inability. 
The key players in the second case are the vice-president and the top 15 members of the cabinet. If the former and a majority of the latter decide the president is “unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office”, they submit that information in writing to the House speaker (currently Paul Ryan) and Senate president pro tempore (currently the Utah Republican senator Orrin Hatch) and just like that, the vice-president would be acting president. 
The president may challenge such a decision, at which point a two-thirds majority in both chambers of Congress would be required to stop the president from regaining power. 
It’s conceivable that Trump would not go quietly if his cabinet and Vice-President Mike Pence were to gang up on him.
There isn’t much precedent to say, but the Clinton case proceeded through Congress relatively quickly, in about three months. That example may be misleading, however, owing to the years-long investigation of Bill and Hillary Clinton, including the Lewinsky affair, by the special prosecutor Kenneth Starr, which preceded it. Starr handed his report and research to the House judiciary committee, which therefore had no need to conduct a time-consuming investigation of its own. 
About 46% of Americans who responded to a Public Policy Polling survey last month, for starters. Public opinion matters because for impeachment to happen, Congress must act, and elected officials sometimes hang their principles on opinion polls. 
It’s notable that Nixon, a Republican, faced impeachment in a Congress controlled by Democrats, and Clinton was impeached by a Republican-controlled Congress. For Trump to be impeached, members of his own party would have to turn on him. 
That’s why Republican base approval of Trump is so important. If Republican voters do not abandon the president, Republican members of Congress are not likely to.
On the other hand, the Republican Congress might conceivably be enticed into action by the prospect of dumping Trump in exchange for someone they are far more comfortable with: Pence, himself a former congressman and a much more predictable traditional conservative.
At least three congressional Democrats have called for impeachment proceedings of some kind. Representative Mark Pocan of Wisconsin said on the House floor in February that if Trump did not divest business holdings and take other actions, then “we’ll have to take other actions, including legislative directives, resolutions of disapproval and even explore the power of impeachment”.
Bonifaz, of the Impeach Trump Now group behind the petition, argues that Trump’s failure to divest from his businesses has already produced frequent violations of constitutional rules for emoluments, or gifts. Investigations into associations with Russia by Trump or his proxies could conceivably produce some kind of disloyalty charge. If Trump has to testify at some point about any of this, he could face a Clinton-style perjury charge. Abuse of power? Obstruction of justice? It seems as if, should Congress get to the point of charging Trump, they may have a buffet of potential charges to choose from. 
Remember that Republicans had promised to impeach Hillary Clinton as soon as she took office. But what they might not have remembered is that two-thirds of the Senate is required to convict a president of impeachable offenses. The Democrats are in the minority, but they do have 48 Senate seats out of 100. 
The most important factor for Republicans in deciding whether to go after Trump would seem to be the disposition of Republican voters. If the people turn on the president, Congress may follow. 
What kind of mood does Pence seem to be in? Is he implicated? In the scenario of a Pence succession, it would be up to the current vice-president to pardon Trump or not. Maybe Trump would be more likely to get out of the way and avoid all or some impeachment proceedings – in this truly hypothetical scenario – if Trump felt reassured that Pence, upon acceding to power, would pardon him. 
Only two months into the Trump presidency, we’ve already heard warnings, issued by members of Congress, about this or that constitutional crisis being afoot: Trump impugns judges; Trump overrides legislated regulations; courts block executive actions. There are many opportunities for further constitutional crises during the Trump years, and a Trump refusal to go along with prospective impeachment proceedings is certainly easy to imagine. In which case: who controls the military?
See above.
Not likely. There’s a school of thought that says a key reason the Republican congressional majority would assent to a Trump impeachment is because then they would get the president they really want, Pence. The closest historical precedent to a double whammy of this kind is the resignation in a bribery scandal of Nixon’s vice-president, Spiro Agnew, in 1973, a year before Nixon went down. But the alleged crimes were unrelated.
Reasons this might not be true include the fact of Trump’s historically low popularity rating at the two-month mark. Trump sits at 37% approval, according to Gallup, a whopping 24 points behind the historical average for first-term presidents. Additionally, Trump seems to be flying unusually close to the sun, in terms of his conduct as an elected official. During his campaign he refused to release his tax returns on the grounds that the usual rules did not apply to him. His refusal to divest from his businesses as president, on similar grounds, could lead him into legal hazards that other presidents have avoided. Finally, Trump is truly a Washington outsider, which could increase his vulnerability to acts of bureaucratic infighting or hidden treachery, as evidenced by the incredible number of leaks from the intelligence community so far. 
On the other hand, the election of Trump has been a particularly painful blow to the progressive psyche, more so even perhaps than the re-election of Bush as the atrocities of the Iraq war mounted in 2004. Republicans suffered for eight years from what some of their critics called Obama derangement syndrome, becoming so wrapped up in their opposition to the president that any sense of greater purpose seemed sometimes to be lost. Are progressives and conservative purists suffering from Trump derangement syndrome? It’s possible. We’ll find out. 



ARTICLE
The White House on Friday tried attack as a form of defence, deflecting questions about Donald Trump’s possible links to Russia by leveling serious allegations at Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton and chastising reporters for not investigating them.
At his daily briefing, press secretary Sean Spicer was even more combative than usual as he clashed with journalists from the New York Times and other outlets and accused the Obama administration of “potentially” leaking classified information for political ends.
The fractious exchanges came at the end of a week in which official investigations into links between Trump associates and Moscow have become increasingly labyrinthine. In particular, questions have been raised over a visit last week by Devin Nunes, chairman of the House intelligence committee, to view classified documents at the White House, a move Democrats say compromised his independence.
On Friday, Spicer proved unable or unwilling to answer basic questions about key times, days and dates and whether or not records of visitors to the White House grounds were kept. 
But observers of his boss’s deflect-and-distract playbook will not have been surprised by his verbal offensive, which echoed Trump’s aggressive speeches during the election campaign.
On 4 March, Trump used Twitter to claim that Obama had his “wires tapped” at Trump Tower in New York before the election. The FBI has said it has found no evidence to support the charge.
Amid debate over Nunes’ behaviour, Spicer has spent this week accusing reporters of being obsessed with process – who came in what gate and when – and ignoring the substance of the congressional investigations, which he argues is less about Trump and Russia than about the leaking and spreading of intelligence by the Obama administration.
“So let’s talk about some of the substance,” he said on Friday. “On 2 March, the day before [sic] the president’s tweet, comments by a senior [Obama] administration official, foreign policy expert Dr Evelyn Farkas, together with previous reports that have been out, raised serious concerns on whether there was an organised and widespread effort by the Obama administration to use and leak highly sensitive intelligence information for political purposes.”
Spicer claimed Farkas admitted this on the record in a TV interview. 
“Dr Farkas’s admissions alone are devastating,” he said.
Farkas, a former deputy assistant secretary of defence for Russia, Ukraine and Eurasia who resigned from the Obama administration in 2015, gave an interview on MSNBC on 2 March in which she said she had urged former colleagues on Capitol Hill to “get as much intelligence as you can” regarding Russian attempts to influence the presidential election before Obama left office, because she feared it would become hidden in the bureaucracy.
Fox News and other conservative media have pounced on the comments as evidence of a conspiracy. Farkas has denied that she had any access to such intelligence or that she condones leaking. 
On 29 March, she tweeted “Hi-I didn’t give anybody anything except advice” and said she “was out of govt,had nothing 2 give, wanted Congress2 ask4facts”.
On Friday, Spicer insisted there has been “no evidence” of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian officials, then turned to an attack on Trump’s defeated rival, Clinton. The former secretary of state, he said, was the architect of a failed “reset policy” with Russia, which she told that country’s state TV was designed to “strengthen Russia”.
He went on: “She used her office to make concession after concession, selling off one fifth of our country’s uranium. Paid speeches, paid deals, getting personal calls from Vladimir Putin. I think if they really want to talk about a Russian connection in the substance, that’s where we should be looking. That, not there.”
The claim that Clinton “sold off” US uranium echoed claims by Trump regarding a 2010 sale in which Clinton was one of nine administration figures to sign off, claims which have been debunked by fact-checking websites as, at best, considerable distortions of the truth.
Challenged by Glenn Thrush, a reporter at the New York Times, Spicer repeated the list of allegations. In response, the broadcaster Joy Reid, who was not present, tweeted: “We are officially through the looking glass.”
When Thrush followed up with a question about Nunes’s visit to the White House, Spicer accused his paper of inaccurate reporting. A testy exchange followed.
The press secretary demanded: “Where’s any of the reporting been in your paper about Evelyn Farkas and her revelation that this is what they sought to do?”
When Thrush sought to return to the matter in hand and asked if White House chief of staff Reince Priebus knew about Nunes’s presence on the grounds, Spicer said: “You’re playing cute there.”
Another reporter pointed out that Farkas left the Obama administration in 2015 and asked why what she said in 2017 would be relevant to something that happened in 2016.
Spicer lectured reporters again, telling them to investigate Farkas’s claims and activities. Later, he was pressed on whether the White House was providing any information to the House and Senate intelligence committee to show that Trump was under surveillance before the election, as his tweet alleged.
Once more he pivoted, saying that focusing on dates was “splitting hairs”.
Spicer said forcefully: “I think it is really getting lost in this debate that American citizens who were not government employees at the time, who were not targets of stuff, potentially were surveilled, had their information unmasked, made it available, it was politically spread.
“All of this should be very concerning to people that people in an administration, people serving in government, who are provided classified information, who are given clearance in the trust of the United States government, misused, mishandled and potentially did some very bad things with classified information. 
“That astonishes me that that is not the subject of this, that all of this is happening in our country.
“And yet we talk about what door someone came in, what date it happened. There is a concern that people misused, mishandled, misdirected classified information, leaked it out, spread it out, violated civil liberties, and the potential that that happened should concern every single American.”
He added: “I think that the revelations of Evelyn Farkas who played a senior role in the Obama administration going on the record to talk about how they politically used classified information is troubling.”
During the press briefing, Farkas tweeted: “Amen, Brother. Who benefits from this fake news? R-U–S–S-I–A.”
The top Democrat on the House intelligence committee, Adam Schiff of California, was due to visit the White House on Friday to view classified materials.
Meanwhile Spicer said Trump was happy his former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, had offered to testify to the congressional investigations. Flynn has requested immunity from prosecution.
“He wants Mike Flynn to go and be completely open and transparent with the committee,” Spicer said. 
Asked if he had any concerns that Flynn could implicate the president in wrongdoing, Spicer replied flatly: “No.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s administration on Thursday appealed the latest court ruling against his revised travel ban to the same court that refused to reinstate the original version.
A day earlier, the US district judge Derrick Watson in Hawaii handed the government its latest defeat by issuing a longer-lasting hold on Trump’s executive order.
Watson’s decision came after the justice department argued for a narrower ruling covering only the ban on new visas for people from six Muslim-majority countries. The department urged the judge to allow a freeze on the US refugee program to go forward. 
A government attorney, Chad Readler, said halting the flow of refugees had no effect on Hawaii and the state had not shown how it would be harmed by the ban. Watson disagreed.
The administration says the executive order falls within the president’s power to protect national security and will ultimately succeed, while Hawaii’s attorney general, Douglas Chin, likened the revised ban to a neon sign flashing “Muslim ban” that the government hadn’t turned off. 
Watson said Hawaii had shown that the ban would harm the state’s universities and tourism industry as well as the imam of a Honolulu mosque, who joined the lawsuit. Ismail Elshikh said the ban would prevent his Syrian mother-in-law from visiting family in the US.
“These injuries have already occurred and will continue to occur if the executive order is implemented and enforced; the injuries are neither contingent nor speculative,” the judge wrote.
Chin told the Associated Press on Thursday that a notable part of the ruling was that the court took into account 20 to 25 statements made by Trump as a candidate and as president and by his surrogates.
“The court will not crawl into a corner, pull the shutters closed, and pretend it has not seen what it has,” Watson wrote.
The justice department said it strongly disagreed with the ruling.  Government attorneys filed documents appealing Watson’s decision to the ninth circuit court of appeals, a move Chin said he had expected.
The judge said his ruling would stay in place until he ordered otherwise and would not be suspended for an appeal.
The administration said in court documents that the appeal also applied to Watson’s previous temporary block of the travel ban.
“The president’s executive order falls squarely within his lawful authority in seeking to protect our nation’s security, and the department will continue to defend this executive order in the courts,” the department said in a statement.  The president is already appealing a separate case in Maryland. A judge there blocked the six-country travel ban but said it wasn’t clear that the suspension of the refugee program was similarly motivated by religious bias.
The administration wants the fourth circuit court of appeals to put that ruling on hold while it considers the case. The court, based in Richmond, Virginia, will hear arguments 8 May.
If the court sided with Trump, it would not have a direct effect on the Hawaii ruling, legal experts said.
“What a ruling in fourth circuit in favor of the administration would do is create a split in authority between federal courts in different parts of the country,” said Richard Primus, a professor of constitutional law at the University of Michigan law school. “Cases with splits in authority are cases the US supreme court exists to resolve.” 



ARTICLE
The House intelligence committee hearing on Russian tampering in the US election has wrapped, as has day one of judge Neil Gorsuch’s confirmation hearings. Here’s what happened.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump arrives at America’s biggest conservative conference on Friday with the event that only last year showed deep skepticism about his insurgent candidacy now almost totally willing to embrace his takeover of their political movement.
“I think by tomorrow this’ll be TPAC!” joked senior White House aide Kellyanne Conway at CPAC on Thursday. It didn’t appear to be far from the truth.
This conference has long been a mecca of traditional American conservatism, for those attracted to the so-called “three-legged stool” of fiscal conservatism, social conservatism and a hawkish foreign policy.
But this year attendees bounded down the hallways donning Trump’s signature red “Make America Great Again” hats, flitting between discussions often framed around what they dubbed a campaign by the “dishonest media” to discredit Trump and his administration.
Richard Barrett, a 21-year-old student who identified himself as an early Trump supporter, said he felt vindicated by the pro-Trump tone that dominated CPAC’s first full day.
“I was here last year, and this convention was pretty anti-Trump,” Barrett said. “It was really funny, because everybody here was ‘Never Trump’; [they said] he’s never going to win the primary, it’s going to be Ted Cruz all the way.’
“And, well, here we are.”
Pete Logsden of suburban Washington echoed this praise. “If I was going to think of any other president to compare him with it would be Reagan, and honestly, he’s more conservative in a lot of ways.”
George Longobardi of Marlboro, New Jersey, said he thought Trump was doing “a pretty good job so far”.
He said “the spirit is different” this year at CPAC, “the energy is different. People feel the country is back on the right track.”
Not everyone agreed. Emily Larsen, from Boise, Idaho, said that although she thought Trump “has been doing a really good job of keeping his promises that he campaigned on”, she had yet to reach a conclusion on whether or not that was a good thing.
She had supported Senator Marco Rubio in the Republican primary and described herself as a “very moderate kind of Republican”. “I’m still coming to terms with the decision to have Trump as president … It’s kind of getting past that shock.”
Among her concerns was Trump’s lack of consultation with Congress before implementing a travel ban last month on seven Muslim-majority countries. 
“I think it kind of showed a lack of communication between the executive and legislative branches with that,” she said.
There was nonetheless a broad consensus that the media – which Trump referred to last week as “the enemy of the American people” – was trying to take him down.
Joseph Enders, a 22-year-old originally from Chicago who wore a T-shirt that read “socialism sucks”, echoed senior White House strategist Steve Bannon’s description of the media as “the opposition party”.
“They are going to do everything they can to delegitimize his presidency so they can turn around and say, ‘We told you about this guy.’”
He added: “I stand with Bannon, because I stand for honest reporting. Where are all the Walter Cronkites?” 
Nevertheless, not everyone was as concerned as Trump about critical coverage he has been quick to label “fake news”.
Daniela Urizka, a 25-year-old nurse from Seattle, said while the media was “being unfair and skewing, if not making up, stories in a desperate attempt to paint [Trump] as negative … the vast majority of Americans don’t use them as their main source of news”.
“I think there’s areas of the media that are dishonest, but I’d be remiss if I said I don’t trust any news whatsoever,” said Ryan Errotabere.
There was little evidence, however, of serious inroads among the crowd by the so-called “alt-right”, the fringe white nationalist movement that had been fostered by elements of the right in recent years. 
Richard Spencer, a self-proclaimed leader of that group, was ejected from the conference at the prodding of an editor at Breitbart; Milo Yiannapolos was invited and disinvited from CPAC, and subsequently pushed to resign from his position as an editor at Breitbart after comments seeming to condone pedophilia; and at least some attendees were skeptical about concerns raised by the far-right movement.
Deborah Aldrich, a conservative activist from Salt Lake City, viewed the entire far right with contempt. 
“We are a party of inclusivity,” the 60-year-old said. 
“We don’t want to discriminate against people. The alt-right doesn’t really have a platform here.”
David Burgess, 62, said he thought the role of the far right in conservatism was “overblown”.
“There’s a lot of political jockeying back and forth. Liberals like to label the right extremists and conservatives like to label the left extremists. Some of the ideas of the Trump people like Bannon may not be traditional, but I think the antisemitism charges are over the top. It’s political posturing; it’s the game they play.”
Enders said of the far right: “It’s growing but I don’t think the race wing of it is growing. Nationalism is part of the alt-right but doesn’t necessarily have to be a bad thing.”
Brandon, a high school student from Bethesda, Maryland, who didn’t want to divulge his last name because he was skipping class, wanted to make clear that while the alt-right was “evil”, it shouldn’t be taken to encompass Yiannopoulos or Infowars, the conspiracy-mongering website run by Alex Jones. 
But he added: “Aside from those recent comments, I mostly agree with Milo.” 



ARTICLE
Roger Stone, a former adviser to Donald Trump, wrote on Saturday night that he had a “perfectly legal back channel” to Julian Assange, whose organization WikiLeaks published emails related to Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign that intelligence agencies say were hacked by Russian intelligence. Stone then deleted the message.
While tweeting his support of the president’s unsubstantiated claims that Barack Obama tried to undermine the Trump campaign, Stone directed a series of angry and abusive messages at a scientist who questioned him. 
In one post, later deleted, Stone said he had “never denied perfectly legal back channel to Assange who indeed had the goods on #CrookedHillary”. 
He also invited challengers to file libel suits against him, saying: “Bring it! Would enjoy crush u in court and forcing you to eat shit – you stupid ignorant ugly bitch!”
Stone sent similar, profanity-laced messages to other critics of the president, including author JK Rowling, whom he suggested should take refugees and migrants into her own home. Stone then deleted the tweets. 
Hours later, he added: “Just nothing better than calling out liberal jerk offs on Twitter. We won, you lost. You’re done!”
A political operative whose work with the Republican party dates back to the days of Richard Nixon – whose face is tattooed on Stone’s back – Stone reportedly retains ties to the president, though he officially left Trump’s campaign in late 2015. 
In an interview last week with Breitbart News, the site previously run by Steve Bannon, now Trump’s chief strategist, Stone was described as one of Trump’s “political mentors” and someone who “remains one of his closest confidantes”.
Last fall, US intelligence agencies formally accused the Kremlin of trying to interfere in the 2016 election, and in January reported that Russia’s intent was to help Trump’s campaign defeat Clinton. 
Part of that covert effort, the agencies said, was to hack into the emails of the Democratic party and Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta. Those emails were then released by WikiLeaks over several months of the campaign.
Assange, who has spent four years living in the Ecuadorian embassy in London to avoid extradition to Sweden over rape allegations, has denied that Russian agents provided the emails.
During the campaign last August, Stone was recorded on video telling a group of Florida Republicans: “I actually have communicated with Assange.” 
“I believe the next tranche of his documents pertain to the Clinton Foundation, but there’s no telling what the October surprise may be,” he said. 
He then seemed to preview the WikiLeaks dump of Podesta emails, writing on Twitter: “Trust me, it will soon the Podesta’s time in the barrel.” 
In October, he told a local CBS reporter about “a back-channel communication with Assange, because we have a good mutual friend”.
“That friend travels back and forth from the United States to London and we talk,” Stone said.
In an interview with CBS last week, Stone denied having any “direct conversations” with Assange and added: “Nor did I have advance knowledge of either the matter of his subsequent disclosures, or who he did or did not hack.”
The FBI is reportedly investigating Stone, along with former Trump campaign chief Paul Manafort, former adviser Carter Page and former national security adviser Michael Flynn, for possible contacts with Russian officials.
In an interview with the Guardian last month, Stone called for an unbiased investigation into such alleged links, saying: “The president should tell his attorney general that either he finds proof of this, or he puts it to bed and announces none of it happened.”
He added: “I would relish the opportunity to testify in public under oath on this issue.”
Stone also denied that he had any contact with Russian officials during or after the campaign. “There was no collusion,” he said. “I have had no connection with the Russians. If the government has evidence that I was colluding with the Russians in Donald Trump’s campaign, they should indict me immediately.”
In a separate interview with CBS this week, Stone said that the investigation was biased. 
“It’s a witch-hunt,” he said. “I know it is.”



ARTICLE
Barack Obama is to be paid $400,000 (£312,000) to speak at a healthcare conference organised by the Wall Street firm Cantor Fitzgerald, despite his criticism of the finance sector when he was US president.
The fee is nearly double that received by Hillary Clinton, who had hoped to succeed him as president, for speeches at Goldman Sachs and indicates the scale of the potential earnings of the former US president.
Neither his representatives nor Cantor Fitzgerald could be reached to comment on the reports from the US, where he is facing criticism for his decision to accept the engagement.
In 2010, Obama was credited with pushing through legislation that was intended to clamp down on Wall Street. A year earlier he said that he did not run for office to help out “a bunch of fat cat bankers on Wall Street”.
Since the end of his second term he has started to write his memoir – he and his wife, Michelle, are reportedly receiving $60m for separate accounts – and took a holiday with the entrepreneur Sir Richard Branson.
But Obama, 55, returned to the public stage this week to speak at the University of Chicago, where he said he would support future leaders. He told the audience that economic inequality and lack of opportunity, a skewed criminal justice system and climate change must be confronted.
“All those problems are serious, they’re daunting, but they’re not insoluble. What is preventing us from tackling them and making more progress really has to do with our politics and civic life,” he said.
The Cantor Fitzgerald event is scheduled for September, with Obama being described as the keynote speaker at a lunch during the healthcare conference. The firm, which had offices in the World Trade Center and lost two-thirds of its staff in the September 11 attacks, is not known for its Democratic links: Howard Lutnick, Cantor’s chairman and chief executive, is reported to have backed Jeb Bush, the Republican who lost out to Donald Trump for the party’s presidential nomination.
Fox News, which first reported the speaking engagement, quoted Hank Sheinkopf, a Democratic political consultant, as saying: “He went on the attack against Wall Street and now he’s being fed by those same people he called fat cats. It’s more hypocritical than ironic.”
However, Obama is joining a long line of former senior politicians to be paid for speeches. Bill Clinton was reportedly paid $750,000 for a speech in Hong Kong to the telecoms company Ericsson. His wife, Hillary, disclosed during her presidential campaign that they had been paid more than $25m in speaking fees since January 2014.
Politico has reported that George W Bush is paid up to $175,000 for every speech while the former presidential candidate Sarah Palin is said to have received $115,000 for one speech. 
UK politicians also command hefty fees for speeches. The former chancellor George Osborne – who is not standing for re-election in June – disclosed that he had received more than £500,000 from speeches in the US, including two events for JP Morgan at £81,174 and £60,578 each, last year. 
In 2009 Tony Blair received £390,000 for two half-hour speeches in the Philippines, while Gordon Brown has donated fees of about £70,000 for speaking engagements to his charitable foundation. 



ARTICLE
Every second Sunday since Donald Trump was elected, groups of women across the country have been holding Solidarity Sundays – activist meet-ups that aim to resist the president. And the number of different meet-ups has been growing.
There are now more than 100 different Solidarity Sundays groups in the US, including in traditionally conservative states such as Missouri, Texas and Louisiana.
With a different focus each month, the organizers attempt to tackle national issues at a local level. People gather in apartments and houses to write letters to elected officials, make phone calls, and learn about existing activist groups they can work with.
“We try to build communities and encourage people to get in touch with local groups and let people know they are not alone in the feelings they are having,” said Emily Gallagher – the co-organizer, along with Ryan Kuonen, of the Williamsburg chapter of Solidarity Sundays, in Brooklyn, New York. 
At their first meeting, in January, about 25 people gathered at Kuonen’s apartment. The February meeting, held in a loft apartment in Williamsburg, focused on the Black Lives Matter movement and attracted 60 people. 
In March, the group focused on how women can run for office. The US congresswoman Carolyn Maloney gave a speech, and activists talked about running for local office.
“We try to have a guest speaker every time,” Gallagher said. 
“Always a woman who is an expert or authority role on a particular issue. They come and share their insights and experience.”
Solidarity Sundays was the brainchild of the California activists Leslie Dotson Van Every, Kate Schatz and Jennye Garibaldi. It started with meetings in one of their homes, but after Trump’s election, the movement exploded. 
It is Dotson Van Every, Schatz and Garibaldi who have been setting the themes for each month – in April the topic will be the Environmental Protection Agency – and who send out information to organizers ahead of the events.
Gallagher said each chapter then chose a focus within their own area. The Williamsburg group will have an environmental activist speak about issues pertaining to New York City.
“At least for our branch, I think it’s really important that people start to see in detail the connection between national and local – and to understand that while it’s important to be involved in the national conversation, at the local level is where we can actually affect lasting change,” Gallagher said.
“And to make people feel their own power. Because we do have power. We just have to use it.”



ARTICLE
On a windy night 17 years ago, the pre-Apprentice, pre-Twitter, pre-president New York developer Donald Trump could be found greeting Reform party members at his Florida Mar-a-Lago mansion.
“Trump 2000” campaign badges had been laid out on an ornate table: the same table where, two weeks ago, Trump tweeted a selfie captioned with the claim he was composing his inaugural address.
The curious numbered in the dozens, mostly Reform party members and off-season Palm Beach society, joined in the strangeness of Trump world by an enthusiastic British man from Yorkshire who made a living doing Al Jolson blackface impressions. 
“We’ve come really from being a very successful businessman to being a very serious candidate,” the 53-year-old Trump told the crowd. “I am looking very, very seriously on whether it can be won.” 
Back then, Trump was seeking the nomination of the party created in 1992 as a vehicle for Texan businessman Ross Perot. He was unsuccessful, and he would ultimately withdraw in March 2000, conceding to far right candidate Pat Buchanan, whom Trump had accused of being a “Hitler lover”.
But what guests heard was a preview of the promises, threats, attention-seeking and paranoia that would characterize his successful 2016 run nearly two decades later. It sounded like a salesman’s pitch – a string of semi-articulated views construed semi-political policy positions.
Trump told guests his ideas included a one-time tax on the rich to eliminate the national debt. He declared North Korea the greatest threat to the US. He described himself a “big fan” of the economic embargo against Cuba and accused Japan (not China) of “ripping us off”. 
He disparaged the field of Republican contenders as “a bunch of stiffs”. He criticized politicians who make too much of their humble origins as “just losers”, while wealthy establishment candidates were dismissed as members of a “lucky sperm club”.
Asked about his image as a womanizer, he offered that if that was an impediment to his candidacy, “I’m not going to bother.”
Trump, who had resigned his membership of the Republican party, told reporters he believed the GOP has become “just too crazy right”.
Nevertheless, key elements of the extreme Trump familiar to the US in 2017 were not in evidence back then. 
Back then, he followed the Reform party view that abortion rights should be kept out of politics. In this era before 9/11, when the country was politically obsessed with Monica Lewinsky and pro-wrestler Jesse Ventura, Trump said nothing about Muslim immigration, torture or energy dependence.
Through his Reform party flirtation, Trump sought the counsel of the New York divorce attorney Raoul Felder. 
“He was not a political person then and he was not this time,” Felder told the Guardian. “He wouldn’t initiate a conversation about politics. He’s not a politician, he’s not a political animal.” Nor did he ever explicitly discuss why he sought the presidency, he said. As a deal-maker, Felder said, “he just thought he could make a difference”.
Through late 1999 and into early 2000, Trump readied his bid. He pledged a personal campaign investment of $100m. Swimwear model Melania Knauss, then 26, his  girlfriend, posed on a large presidential seal for Talk magazine and said she would be a traditional first lady, like Jackie Kennedy. “I would do social obligations, social events. I will do charities. I love children.” On political life, she offered (with Talk magazine attempting to replicate her accent): “You play a role. It’s a beez-ness.”
Writing for the Observer, this reporter concluded that Trump “cannot be entirely dismissed from the presidential race” but, in a precursor of 2016, also dismissed him as politically incoherent and guessed he was “toying with politics ... a plaything for a brash property magnate consumed with the importance of his own celebrity”.
In 2000, Trump’s political director Roger Stone, another divisive figure who would reappear in 2016, was already predicting that the time was right for Trump’s candidacy because popular culture was beginning to overwhelm the political establishment.
Trump said he believed “non-politicians represent the wave of the future”.
“I’m not prepackaged. I’m not plastic. I’m not scripted. And I’m not ‘handled’. I’ll tell you what I think. It’s quite a departure from the usual office-seeking pols,” Trump wrote in The America We Deserve, a book published to coincide with his Reform party bid.
Trump’s plan was to urge 6.5 million Trump customers – people who had stayed in a Trump hotel or gambled in one of his casinos – to request a Reform party ballot. He wondered if “some of the so-called Trump magic in terms of real estate, in terms of hotels, in terms of everything, translates into votes”.
But he also recognized TV was the key to political success. “So much depends on if you happen to be talented in that medium, if you can get your point across,” he told CBS’s Dan Rather. “Being good on television doesn’t necessarily make you a good president, but if you’re not good on TV, you’re not going to be president.” 
In 2000 Trump’s exploratory campaign consisted only of media appearances and meet-and-greets with Reform party members in Florida, Connecticut and California.
“He didn’t have the mechanisms of the 21st century,” Felder said. “He was well-known, but as a businessman only. So it was an impossible climb. By this election, he had become more of an acceptable name to the public. Celebrity, not the reason for it, speaks for itself.”  
But crucially, Trump had Twitter. “So he didn’t need $200m in the bank just to get started. He didn’t have to seek supporters. He caught the pulse of middle America, and they came looking to see what he had to say.” 
However, Felder warns, if Trump didn’t have a political bone in his body in 2000, “he’s going to need 88 political bones in his body now”.




ARTICLE
The new US secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, has said he is ready in principle to work with Moscow after meeting his Russian counterpart, Sergei Lavrov, on the margins of a G20 foreign ministers summit in Bonn on Thursday.
The discussions in Germany amount to the highest-level face-to-face Washington-Moscow contact since the inauguration of Donald Trump as US president. 
Tillerson, under attack from Democrats in the US for being close to Moscow, stressed that Russia had a duty to abide by the Minsk peace agreements in Ukraine and said the US would only cooperate practically if it were in the country’s interest to do so.
Separately, James Mattis, the new US defence secretary, said on a visit to Nato in Brussels that it was too early to talk of military cooperation, dealing a blow to Moscow’s hopes of swiftly mending ties with Washington under Trump. 
These opening approaches to Russia by leaders of Trump’s administration were being watched by European leaders looking for reassurance that Trump was not on the verge of tearing up the postwar settlement.
Mattis went out of his way to soothe European fears that Trump was about to abandon Nato, saying the US commitment to article 5 of the Nato alliance, the commitment to mutual self-defence, was rock solid. In turn, European defence and foreign ministers acknowledged the legitimacy of long-standing US demands – predating the advent of Trump – that they increase their defence budgets.
But it is Tillerson – who has kept a relatively low profile amid the turmoil and resignations inside the White House over the past week – who is regarded as the key figure in the Trump administration capable of providing strategic shape to America’s currently opaque foreign policy.
In his brief conversation with Lavrov, described by the latter as productive, Tillerson struck a balance between standing firm on issues such as Ukraine, Iran and nuclear weapons, and trying to find ground from which to build the new counter-terror alliance sought by Trump.
Russia has been thrown by the loss of its closest US ally, Mike Flynn, who resigned on Monday as national security adviser, and by the stream of mixed messages coming out of the White House.
Vladimir Putin had been hoping for a unilateral American lifting of some economic sanctions as a gesture of goodwill, but reports emanating from US intelligence that Trump aides were in regular contact with Russian intelligence officials last year has reduced Trump’s room for manoeuvre and made a grand gesture to the Russian president less likely.
Asked in Brussels whether he believed Russia had interfered in the US presidential elections, Mattis said: “Right now, I would just say there’s very little doubt that they have either interfered or they have attempted to interfere in a number of elections in the democracies.”
Putin, increasingly impatient that Trump’s warmth towards Moscow has borne no tangible fruit, on Thursday urged the US and Russian intelligence agencies to start working together to fight terrorism and complained that “Nato has declared restraining Russia as its official mission” since a summit in Warsaw last year.
No date has yet been set for a meeting between Trump and Putin, but Lavrov said he assumed one would take place.
Tillerson, an oil man with extensive knowledge of Russia, is working without a deputy, and will have felt the loss of other state department staff dismissed by Trump at the end of the transition. 
He may find it easiest to seek common ground with Moscow over efforts to defeat Islamic State, but Russia is also after details of Trump’s as yet hazy plan for safe zones in Syria. A separate, multilateral meeting on Syria will be held on Friday at the G20.
Russia is currently driving the peace process in Syria, and talks mainly about enforcing a ceasefire have been held largely under Russian auspices in the Kazakh capital, Astana, with the US reduced to the role of observer status.
UN-sponsored political peace talks are due to resume on 23 February in Geneva, but face a number of roadblocks, including disputes over the distribution of food aid to besieged towns, breaches of the ceasefire, and a dispute between Turkey and Russia over whether the Syrian Kurds should attend. 
If the talks go ahead, the US will be watched to see the extent to which it has shifted ground on the future of the Syrian president, Bashar al-Assad. It is expected that the US will now argue in the interests of forming an alliance to defeat Isis in Syria, and allowing Assad to stand in future elections.
There has been a shift of mood in some Middle East states including Egypt and some Gulf states, towards an accommodation with Assad, but only as long as a firm alliance against Iran is maintained.
Tillerson also met Gulf leaders and the British foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, in Bonn, where they discussed the civil war in Yemen. 
In a statement afterwards, the Foreign Office said there was “absolutely no doubt that the US remains as committed as ever to working closely with us, and other like-minded partners, to face up to aggression and tackle tough problems around the world.” 
On Friday EU members at the G20 meeting are expected to press the US to spell out its plans on climate change, including the commitments that the Obama administration made in Paris in 2015.



ARTICLE
Ivanka Trump’s role in her father’s administration is expanding. Though the president’s eldest daughter currently holds no official title in the White House, she is working out of a West Wing office and will soon get access to classified information, even though she is not technically serving as a government employee.
Jamie Gorelick, an attorney and ethics adviser for Trump, said Monday that the first daughter will not have an official title but will get a West Wing office, government-issued communications devices and security clearance to access classified information.
Gorelick said Trump would follow all the ethics rules that apply to government employees.
In a statement issued to the website Politico, Ivanka Trump acknowledged the lack of precedent for an adult child of the US president to take on such an ambiguous role: “I will continue to offer my father my candid advice and counsel, as I have for my entire life,” she said. “While there is no modern precedent for an adult child of the president, I will voluntarily follow all of the ethics rules placed on government employees.”
Since Donald Trump took office, his eldest daughter has been an increasingly visible presence in the White House, where her husband, Jared Kushner, already serves as a senior adviser. 
On Friday she participated in a meeting on vocational training with the president and the German chancellor, Angela Merkel. She stepped down from her position at the Trump Organization before her father’s inauguration, but still owns her own fashion label.
Attorney Andrew Herman, who has advised lawmakers on ethics issues, said he thought the administration should make her role official. He said: “I think the right way to do that is to make her a special government employee. But that implicates all kind of formal and disclosure issues.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
We’ve all been there. Having dressed bleary-eyed and in the dark, we arrive to work in a shirt with a splodge of ketchup down the front rather than the crisp, Daz-white one we intended to wear. Or so it appeared when Donald Trump’s press secretary Sean Spicer was snapped in mismatched footwear at a White House press conference on Monday – one brown, one black. And lo, the internet exploded. Closer inspection strongly suggests that the shoe might have orthopaedic uses, although the fashion police are still investigating the matter.
In any case, had he passed it off as a DGAF move and owned his apparent mistake by adopting Theresa May’s infamous power stance rather than seemingly attempting to hide the shoe, standing behind Tom Price, the secretary of health and human services, and Mick Mulvaney, Trump’s budget director, as they discussed the Congressional Budget Office’s findings on the Republican health bill, we might not have even noticed. Because what few have realised is that Spicer has unwittingly stepped out in the trend of spring/summer 2017.
Mismatched shoes are this season’s way of showing you know what’s what when it comes to fashion. At the Oscars last month, Moonlight’s Naomie Harris wore a Calvin Klein By Appointment frock – the big deal red-carpet debut of Raf Simons for the label – and mismatched bejewelled heels. On the Paris fashion week catwalk at Céline, a label known for being impossibly chic and French, one model wore mismatched white and black strappy sandals, another one red boot and one white.
It’s a trend with highbrow endorsement: David Hockney was rumoured to encourage textile designer Celia Birtwell to go out in Paris wearing one pink boot and one blue. On the Golden Globes red carpet in 2011, Helena Bonham Carter also rounded off an extravaganza of a dress with one pink and one green shoe.
Of course, it’s a look that footballers have been sporting for years. With footwear an exception to Fifa’s otherwise restrictive uniform policy, players like to have a little fun on their feet. The mismatched boot trend reached its wonky peak at the last World Cup in Brazil, with Argentina’s Sergio Agüero, France’s Olivier Giroud and Italy’s Mario Balotelli all wearing the clashing pink and blue boots from Puma’s Tricks line. More recently, Puma has released a fuschia and yellow pair (both big colours this season).
So Spicer is in good company, although wearing a black shoe – to camouflage the clash – or going full Céline with a contrasting white one might have better boosted his style credentials. Still, it’s only a matter of time for the increasingly Trump-tango’d press man: having already been on the receiving end of a Trump-endorsed suit makeover, it’s likely that his footwear will be next.
This article was amended on 15 March to clarify what Sean Spicer was wearing on his foot 



ARTICLE
Former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski told the Guardian it is “absolutely disgusting” to suggest his new career as a lobbyist runs counter to the new president’s pledge to “drain the swamp” in DC. In an interview for the Anywhere but Washington series, Lewandowski said anti-establishment rhetoric was key to Trump’s success – he himself was one of the key architects of such messaging. However, he insisted his new lobbying company, Avenue Strategies, was not doing the very thing Trump campaigned against. “I think if companies have to do business with the federal government, their choice is to hire people who understand the federal bureaucracy,” he said. “There’s nothing wrong with that: that’s what we call America.”
Lewandowski: new firm does not violate pledge to stamp out lobbying
The Trump administration spent its first weekend in office locked in bizarre war of words with the media over the crowd size at the inauguration, all while millions took the streets in protest. In his first briefing, press secretary Sean Spicer contradicted all available data by saying the inauguration audience was the largest ever, and lambasted the press for what he called “shameful” attempts to lessen enthusiasm. Pressed on why Spicer had presented falsehoods in his briefing, senior aide Kellyanne Conway said he had merely presented “alternative facts”, a statement met with widespread astonishment. Trump ridiculed the Women’s March protests originally, but later said he respected the right to assembly.
Presidency begins with defense of false ‘alternative facts’
Never has America needed fearless independent media more. Help us hold the new president to account, sort fact from fiction, amplify underrepresented voices, and understand the forces behind this divisive election – and what happens next. Support the Guardian by becoming a member or making a contribution.
Trump will break with a 40-year tradition and not release his tax returns, Conway said on Sunday. “The White House response is that he’s not going to release his tax returns,” she said. “We litigated this all through the election.” In the campaign, Trump repeatedly promised to reveal his tax returns after an audit, despite there being no law preventing the release of tax returns under audit. WikiLeaks, which released compromising information about Hillary Clinton, on which Trump gladly seized, asked for someone to give it Trump’s returns and tweeted: “Trump’s breach of promise over the release of his tax returns is even more gratuitous than Clinton concealing her Goldman Sachs transcripts.” On Monday, academics and ethics experts planned to file suit against Trump over foreign payments to his businesses.
White House refuses to release Trump tax returns
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has been called the “face of neocolonialism” by Hawaiians, over a series of quiet “title suits” he has filed to acquire land on the island. Zuckerberg, the world’s fifth-richest man, is suing Hawaiians who own a small parcel interest on his 700-acre property on the island of Kauai. The suit is typical of disputes between native-born or longtime residents of Hawaii and newcomers purchasing land.
Hawaiians call Zuckerberg ‘the face of neocolonialism’
Theresa May was told about the test of a Trident missile that reportedly misfired last year, it has emerged, two weeks before she held a House of Commons vote on renewing the £40bn nuclear system. The British Sunday Times newspaper reported that an unarmed Trident II D5 missile – which can kill millions when armed with nuclear warheads – malfunctioned when launched from a British submarine, HMS Vanguard. The missile may have veered back towards the US rather than heading in the direction of west Africa.
Theresa May knew about Trident failure before renewal vote
Indirect peace talks between rebel fighters and the Syrian regime began in the Kazakh capital, Astana, on Monday. The talks are sponsored by Russia, Turkey and Iran and come in the wake of the rebels’ crushing defeat in Aleppo. Russia has emerged as a key broker as Bashar al-Assad’s government has made significant gains with military backing from the Kremlin. The US, EU, Saudi Arabia and the UN are currently marginalized from the talks, which got off to a shaky start.
Russia in power-broking role as Syria talks begin
Richard Haass, president of the Council of Foreign Relations, lays out what Trump should prioritze as he takes office, including relations with Russia and China and conflicts in the Middle East. Trump “will inherit a world of considerable disarray”, Haas writes, as the hope arising from the end of the cold war has all but gone.
President Trump’s to-do list: fixing a world in disarray
Islam has taken root among a small community of Afro-Colombians in the violence-racked city of Buenaventura. First made attractive by promises of black power, it has become a refuge from the city’s violence of poverty. Residents embrace the Nation of Islam and Sunni and Shia strands of the religion. Sibylla Brodzinsky reports.
How Islam took root in one of South America’s most violent cities
The Atlanta Falcons and New England Patriots will square off in this year’s Super Bowl after winning their respective championship games on Sunday. In the AFC, the Patriots cruised past the Pittsburgh Steelers as Tom Brady sealed his comeback following a suspension at the start of the season. The Falcons crushed the Green Bay Packers, 44-21, in the NFC Championship game. 
Ruthless Brady leads Patriots on stroll into Super Bowl
Falcons crush Packers to reach second Super Bowl
The latest work of the Australian artist Alli Sebastian Wolf, Glitoris, is a 100:1 scale, giant, sparkling clitoris. It is more than just a display, however – it’s also an educational tool. Here are 10 facts Wolf wants you to know about the female anatomy.
Clitbait: 10 things you didn’t know about the clitoris



ARTICLE
A president’s place in history often emerges beyond the 100-day mark, through marquee achievements (healthcare, Barack Obama, day 428) or defining events (September 11 attacks, George W Bush, day 235).
But the 100 days rubric has proven irresistible, ever since Franklin Delano Roosevelt used it to frame the intense hustle of his administration in the face of global economic catastrophe. Roosevelt signed 15 major laws in his honeymoon period, scrapped the gold standard, set up multiple major jobs programs and saved the banking system. “Congress doesn’t pass legislation any more – they just wave at the bills as they go by,” Will Rogers, the cowboy cutup, is said to have joked at the time.
Not to be outdone, Donald Trump suggested last week that he was a step ahead of FDR – indeed of all his predecessors. “No administration has accomplished more in the first 90 days,” Trump told a rally in Wisconsin. That was a month after he made the excuse, for the failed effort to undo “Obamacare”: “I never said repeal it and replace it within 64 days.”
Trump does not appear to be at the helm of the most accomplished presidency in history, so far, at all. But would Trump rate better if the field were restricted to more recent entries? We’ve taken a quick look at how the first 100 days have played out going back five presidents – at major events, legislative achievements and the public response. 
Whatever you think of Trump’s performance, it’s undeniable that past “honeymoon hundreds” have been packed with action by comparison. For assassination attempts, oil spills, pirates and a hellish inferno outside Waco, Texas – read on.
Inaugurated 20 January 1981
In short
He smiled at TV cameras; he courted Congress, Democrats and all; he issued a bracingly radical tax and budget scheme – and he survived an assassination attempt.
Highs and lows
Reagan’s presidency began with the release, as he took the oath of office, of hostages in Iran, and he was quickly engaged on multiple foreign fronts, warning the Soviets away from Poland and declaring a prototypical war on “terror” against leftist guerrillas in El Salvador.
Within a month, the new president had sent Congress a radical budget and taxation plan. To push his plan through, Reagan embarked on personal meetings with hundreds of members of Congress and began an aggressive courtship of the Democratic House speaker, Tip O’Neill, who cooperated with the president in an example of bipartisanship that is still held up as ideal.
Then came the would-be assassin’s bullet outside the Washington Hilton hotel on 30 March (day 70). In the hospital the day after the attempt on his life, the president signed his first bill, cutting dairy subsidies. He was out recuperating for a month.
Public approval 
The assassination attempt sent Reagan’s approval rating through the roof, briefly into the low 70s. Overall, Reagan’s approval rating rose 17 points in his first 100 days, from 51% approval to 68%, according to Gallup.
Key quote
“The remarkable thing about Mr Reagan’s presidency has been his ability to keep it focused single-mindedly on his economic strategy. To be sure, there’s been an element of luck in it. No distracting blowups have come along abroad, or serious political diversions at home.” – Washington Post editorial
Inaugurated 20 January 1989
In short
A relative snooze-a-thon, with a lot of talk about runaway military spending and budget deficits (thank you, Mr Reagan) and one gigantic oil spill.
High and lows
In a year that would later see history made in Tiananmen and Berlin, as Japan’s economy swelled and Saddam Hussein eyed Kuwait, George HW Bush began his presidency with a promise to rein in military spending and close Reagan’s deficit.
Bush suffered a significant political defeat on 10 March (day 50), when the Senate rejected John Tower, the defense secretary nominee, in the first such setback for a president in 30 years.
But the worst news of Bush’s first 100 days – though its scope did not immediately become clear – came on 24 March (day 64), when the Exxon Valdez oil tanker hit a reef in Alaska and began leaking what would be more than 10m gallons of crude oil, sending shocking images of coated and dying waterfowl, spoiled shorelines and mountains of trash bags around the world.
The rest was a grab-bag: drug policy, acid rain, homelessness, abortion, the savings-and-loan crisis. Bush marked his 100 days with a barnstorming tour of six states in four days to tout his achievements. 
Public approval 
Bush’s approval rating rose five points in his first 100 days, from 51% approval to 56%, according to Gallup.
Key quote 
“These adjustments to the Reagan legacy did not result from the sort of grand plan so favored by students of the Presidency. This has been an improvisational 100 days.” – New York Times editorial
Inaugurated 20 January 1993
In short
He jogged into office with a lot of big ideas and delivered a budget outline in record time, but then stumbled on “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” and watched Waco go up in flames.
Highs and lows
Clinton got off to a fast start, policy-wise, meeting Russian leader Boris Yeltsin at a summit in Vancouver and pledging him $1bn in aid, and then sending Congress a detailed $1.5tn budget outline in early April – record speed.
But only nine days into his administration, Clinton found himself at a press conference explaining “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell”, an awkward (and many thought pusillanimous) compromise to permit gays and lesbians to serve in the military. 
Another early controversy: less than a week into his presidency, Clinton announced that his wife, Hillary Clinton, would be in charge of a healthcare taskforce. “We have a first lady of many talents,” Clinton said. Cue 25 years of grumbling.
Clinton’s 100 days closed in tragedy. On 19 April (day 90), federal agents raided a compound housing the Branch Davidian end-times sect outside Waco, Texas, where four agents had been killed in a gunfight in February. Multiple fires broke out and 76 members of the group were killed. 
Public approval
Clinton’s approval rating dropped three points in his first 100 days, from 58% approval to 55%, according to Gallup.
Key quote
“It’s still early, and a hundred days really don’t mean all that much, but one lesson he can learn from his slump in Washington and at the polls is not to confuse motion with progress. – New York Times editorial
Inaugurated 20 January 2001
In short
Entering office under the cloud of the 2000 recount fiasco, Bush got in a couple of foreign policy skirmishes and teed up major tax cuts and education reform, and won a reputation for showing up for meetings on time.
Highs and lows
High marks for punctuality? Seriously, Bush got high marks for punctuality, as the pre-9/11 era dwindled to its clueless conclusion. Given that epochal schism, the continuity between Bush’s first 100 days and the rest of his presidency is notable. In that early period, the 43rd president both unleashed airstrikes to enforce a no-fly zone in Iraq and cheered giant, $1tn-plus tax cuts through both houses of Congress. 
The most visibly dramatic event of the period came on 1 April (day 72), when an American spy plane collided with a Chinese fighter jet and had to make an emergency landing on the Chinese island of Hainan. Bush apologized for the death of the Chinese pilot and for violating Chinese airspace. The American crew returned home after 11 days. 
Three days after taking office, Bush proposed the No Child Left Behind education reform bill, which chugged steadily to passage about a year later.
Public approval
Bush’s approval rating rose five points in his first 100 days, from 57% approval to 62%, according to Gallup.
Key quote
“I feel free and relaxed. I feel comfortable; perhaps that’s because I’m on bended knee every morning, asking for guidance and for comfort. Whatever the reasons, I’m enjoying myself.” – George W Bush
20 January 2009
In short
Entering on a wave of optimism, he faced a collapsing economy, a failing auto industry and the deployment of 80,000 troops in two theaters of war – and then a pirate attack.
Highs and lows
“When we took office, the country was facing its worst economic crisis since the Great Depression,” Obama loved to say on the 2016 campaign trail. In retrospect, that was true, with the economy losing 800,000 jobs in January 2009, the banking system in crisis, the housing collapse ongoing and confidence in a turnaround scant.
The new president signed a $787bn stimulus bill (17 February, day 29), an auto bailout (30 March, day 70), an extension of the children’s health insurance program and a $410bn spending bill. He began to lay the groundwork for a healthcare reform law that would take another year to pass.
Domestic duties were interrupted when, on 8 April (day 79), Somali pirates hijacked an American cargo ship, the Maersk Alabama, and took its captain hostage on a covered lifeboat. Four days later, navy marksmen shot the abductors dead and the president won plaudits.
Public approval
Obama’s approval rating dropped three points in his first 100 days, from 68% approval to 65%, according to Gallup. That 65% is still quite high, on par with Reagan post-assassination attempt.
Key quote
“We were meeting all day, every day, including weekends. And I started to realize that although we had extraordinary experience, Larry Summers, Tim Geithner … Paul Volcker, Warren Buffett … that nobody knew exactly how to fix the financial system. We were making best guesses in terms of what would work.” – Barack Obama
Inaugurated 20 January 2017
In short
Mileage may vary. Either he is an unapologetic populist whose efforts to drain the swamp of Washington have been met, all too predictably, by powerful resistance. Or he is a buffoonish con whose every gesture showcases his gross incompetence, plus he golfs too much, and he’s probably bad at that, too.
Highs and lows
Empirical analysis has found that presidents enjoy a “honeymoon hundred” with Congress, during which time legislation that a president backs is more likely to pass. If that’s true for Trump, he’s in trouble. His effort to broker a deal on healthcare reform turned out to be as ineffectual as it was ostentatious. His promise to pull off tax reform is equally in doubt. The one spending bill he has managed to sign thus far, a $19.5bn reauthorization of Nasa, was both small potatoes and peripheral. He has struck down at least 10 important Obama regulations, pertaining to clean streams, internet privacy and gun purchases by the mentally ill, but not everyone considers those accomplishments.
Many Americans – more than half, in most polls – believe that Trump is underperforming as president. Strikes against him include his divisive and failed travel bans, his blatant and insulting duplicity when it comes to voter fraud or crowd size, his impulsive conduct of foreign policy, his failure to divest from the Trump Organization, his embrace of Wall Street and of foreign dictators, his addiction to cable news, and a lack of policy seriousness which leads him to confuse Iraq and Syria, confuse which direction the navy is sailing in and to say things like, “Nobody knew that healthcare could be so complicated.”
Trump supporters see his presidency differently. He is praised for responding to a chemical attack in Syria with airstrikes, for generally projecting strength in foreign policy, for undoing Obama-era regulations on the environment and business, for installing a conservative supreme court justice, for protecting American jobs, and for not letting people tell him what he can’t do. It was also cool when he climbed into that truck and honked the horn.
Public approval
Trump’s approval rating has dropped about four points in his first 100 days, from 45.5% approval to 41.7%, according to a FiveThirtyEight model.
Key quote
“No administration has accomplished more in the first 90 days.” – Donald Trump



ARTICLE
The White House has disputed reports of contacts between Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign and Russian officials, even as the president continued to search for a national security adviser to replace retired general Michael Flynn, who resigned last week after revelations that he misled the vice-president about his calls to Russia’s ambassador.
In a series of interviews, the White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, flatly denied many reports, telling NBC’s Meet the Press on Sunday: “We don’t know of any contacts with Russian agents.” 
On Friday afternoon, the FBI director, James Comey, briefed members of the Senate intelligence committee on Russia behind closed doors. The FBI is reportedly investigating possible Kremlin contacts with Trump’s campaign, and earlier this year the CIA said in a report that Russia had hacked Democratic emails in an attempt to interfere with the 2016 election. The Senate committee sent the White House a letter on Saturday, the AP reported, asking federal agencies to preserve communications regarding Russia.
“And as long as they do their job, and we cooperate with them, they’ll issue a report, and the report will say there’s nothing there,” Priebus said, saying he had spoken to “the top levels of the intelligence community”.
Asked whether Flynn had lied to the FBI about his conversation with the Russian ambassador before Trump took office, Priebus said: “That’s a different issue for the FBI to answer.”
Priebus also refused to say whether he had read transcripts of Flynn’s conversation with the Russian official. “We determined that he wasn’t being straight with the vice-president and others. And that’s why we asked for his resignation.”
He defended Flynn on the CBS program Face the Nation, saying: “There’s nothing wrong with having a conversation about sanctions,” but he also said he would defer judgment to the justice department and FBI “to take [the investigation] any further, if that’s what they want to do.”
The chief of staff also denied reports of turmoil in the White House and difficulty in finding staff willing to work for Trump or suitable to him. “The truth is, is that we don’t have problems in the West Wing,” he said.
As of Sunday, the administration’s search for a new national security adviser looked no closer to being resolved. The president, spending the weekend at his private Florida club, Mar-a-Lago, was scheduled to meet Sunday with four candidates, including the retired general Keith Kellogg, the former UN ambassador John Bolton, Lt Gen HR McMaster and the West Point superintendent, Lt Gen Robert Caslen. Late last week, Robert Harward, a retired vice-admiral and a former aide to the defense secretary, James Mattis, declined Trump’s offer to replace Flynn.
Harward said the decision was “purely a personal issue”, but sources told Reuters that he rejected the job in part because of his concerns with how Trump and Flynn have staffed the National Security Council. Last month, Trump gave his chief political adviser, Steve Bannon, a principal seat on the council and relegated the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff and the director of national intelligence to only meetings requiring their “expertise”. 
Priebus, the only administration official on Sunday’s talkshow circuit, denied reports that Harward had opposed Trump’s management of the NSC. 
“The president has said very clearly that the new NSA director will have total and complete say of the makeup of the NSC,” Priebus told Fox News Sunday. “We’ve never put demands on an incoming NSC director.”
After the meeting with Comey, the Senate intelligence committee’s top Democrat, Mark Warner, told reporters on Friday: “We have put in a process to make sure that we are going to get access to the information we need.”
Nearly simultaneously, Marco Rubio, a Republican, tweeted: “I am now very confident Senate Intel Comm I serve on will conduct thorough bipartisan investigation of #Putin interference and influence.”
On Sunday, representative Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said Trump’s continuing attacks on news reports and the anonymous sources feeding them were “deeply concerning”. 
“This is something that you hear tin-pot dictators say when they want to control all of the information,” Schiff told ABC’s This Week. “It’s not something you’ve ever heard a president of the United States say.”
Senator Bob Menendez, a member of the foreign relations committee, called for an investigation of the scope and independence of the 9/11 commission. 
“The question of Russia trying to undermine our democracy rises to that importance,” he told CNN on Sunday. “We have to know what was involved and what happened in the aftermath. We have a national security apparatus that’s mired in the muck of Russian connections.”
Like Menendez, the Republican senator Lindsey Graham said Congress should pursue sanctions against Russia into law over the Kremlin’s interference, even if Trump’s White House was more lenient. 
Meanwhile, Graham promised that Congress would press ahead with a bill to sanction Russia for interfering in the US presidential election. “When one party is attacked, all of us are attacked,” Graham told CBS. “And if we don’t hit them hard, you will be empowering Russia.”
“The one thing that bothers me most about President Trump,” he added, “is that he never seems to forcefully embrace the idea that Russia’s interference in our election in 2016 is something that should be punished.”
The Trump administration’s faltering recruitment for key positions, and reports that the White House is firing or rejecting candidates based on their perceived loyalty to Trump, have rattled national security experts. Leon Panetta, the former defense secretary and CIA director, told NBC he feared the Trump White House lacked the structure or preparedness for a crisis.
“The thing that you worry about a great deal, particularly now with the loss of a national security adviser, you don’t have somebody in that place,” Panetta said.
“If he listens to the people that are closest to him now, and that are responsible for our foreign policy and our defense policy, he’ll understand that Russia is an adversary, it’s not a friend,” he added. 
 
 




ARTICLE
On a frigid Saturday night in January, Ingrid Latorre, a 33-year-old woman with dark eyes and long dark hair, kept a careful eye on her 14-month-old son, Anibal, as he toddled around the basement playroom of a red brick house in Denver’s Observatory Park neighborhood. Outside, the streets of the upscale residential neighborhood, which are full of children riding bikes during the day, were calm and quiet.
Bryant, Ingrid’s eight-year-old son, started telling me about his elementary school, a bilingual program in a suburb of Denver. Favorite subject? Math. Favorite sport? Soccer. Anibal joined the conversation, babbling as Bryant launched into a description of last year’s Halloween festivities.
“My mom found me a monster mask with eyes that light up!” he said with a grin. “We all went trick-or-treating together – my dad, my mom, Anibal, Shayla [the dog], and me. And we got so much candy!”
“Shayla got a lot of candy, too,” Ingrid said, dimples flashing, of the family’s stout English bulldog. “She went as a ballerina.”
Earlier in the day, about five miles north-west of Observatory Park, a crowd of more than 100,000 people gathered at the Denver civic center to protest against the inauguration of Donald Trump. 
Latorre, who immigrated illegally to the United States from Peru when she was 17, didn’t attend. In fact, Ingrid hasn’t left the redbrick house on Columbine Street since 28 November 2016. On that day, she and Annibal officially entered sanctuary at this house of worship for the Mountain View Friends Meeting Quaker congregation.
For her own and her family’s sake, this is where she must remain.
In 2010, Ingrid was arrested for using a social security number that, she later learned, belonged to someone else – she had purchased the documents years before from a man who told her not to pay taxes to avoid attracting the attention of the government. Ingrid paid the back taxes she owed and took a plea deal that spared her from jail time but required her to plead guilty to a felony. Her lawyer assured her the plea would have no effect on her immigration status. He was wrong. That felony conviction means that Latorre is currently a priority target for deportation.
She plans to live at Mountain View, which as a house of worship is unlikely to be raided under current immigration policy, while she tries to reopen her criminal case and awaits a response from Immigration and Customs Enforcement (Ice) on the stay of deportation application she filed on 25 November.
On weekends, Bryant and Eliseo, Ingrid’s partner, live with Ingrid and Anibal on the second floor of the church. During the week, Eliseo and Bryant live at the family’s home, 15 miles away, visiting at night when they can.
Since the election of Donald Trump last November, the ranks of the modern-day sanctuary movement, which was launched in the face of the Obama administration’s aggressive deportation policies, have swelled. According to a recent tally by Church World Service, there are now more than 800 religious congregations in the United States that are engaged in the sanctuary movement (not all serve as hosting congregations), up from about 400 pre-election.
“I think we’ll see that more and more congregations are going to try to create sanctuary spaces and try to stop these raids from happening,” says the Rev Noel Anderson, the Grassroots Coordinator for Immigrants’ Rights at Church World Service. “It’s very exciting to see how many people of faith are really called to action by the current climate.”
A few days later, a group of seven activists and volunteers from the Metro Denver Sanctuary Coalition gathered at Mountain View for an immigration action meeting. The men and women sat around folding tables in the house’s wide-open main floor, eating pizza with Ingrid and Anibal. The mood was grim. Earlier in the day, Trump had signed a series of executive orders targeting immigrants.
“Does anybody know how to withhold taxes in protest?” asked one attendee, an older woman with short hair wearing colorful glasses and a grey sweater set.
Maureen Flanigan, a petite 67-year-old with a neat bob of gray hair who is part of a Unitarian Universalist congregation in Denver, said she’d been engaging in “magical thinking” since the election. “I thought it wouldn’t happen,” she said, pulling her black puffer vest more closely around her and shaking her head. “And now it’s happening. And I just keep thinking about the people it directly affects, and I can’t stop thinking about that.”
The modern-day sanctuary movement, which is inspired by the movement of the 1980s, is remarkable for the breadth of its support in a time of deep partisanship and division in this country. Congregations from Catholic, Quaker, Unitarian, Mormon, Jewish, Episcopalian and Methodist faiths have all joined.
The Metro Denver Sanctuary Coalition was founded back in 2014, just as the broader national movement was gaining strength, and comprises eight local religious congregations drawn from the Quaker, Unitarian and Catholic faiths. In 2014, the Coalition sheltered Arturo Hernández, an undocumented immigrant from Mexico with a family in the United States, for nine months at the First Unitarian Society of Denver. In addition to providing physical sanctuary, the Coalition also accompanies immigrants throughout their deportation and legal proceedings and advocates for more humane immigration policies.
“This is a faith-based response to a system that is inhumane and unjust and that harms people’s human and civil rights,” says Jennifer Piper, the interfaith organizer for Denver’s American Friends Service Committee, a Quaker organization that coordinates the Metro Denver Sanctuary Coalition. “Religiously, it doesn’t break down on the fault lines that you’d think.”
Congregations of different faiths cite different theological reasons for participating in the sanctuary movement. The Unitarian Universalist faith, for example, is guided by seven deeply held principles. “We have seven principles, and one is that we believe in the worth and dignity of every human being,” says Flanigan. “And we believe there are reasons that people immigrate and migrate, and these are usually economic, and so we support people who have to do that for a better life.”
The Quaker faith, meanwhile, is built on six testimonies, or values. “Our support for immigrants’ rights comes down to what we call our Quaker testimonies of equality, community and integrity,” David Poundstone, a member of the Mountain View congregation, explained to me. “We believe that everybody is equal, and that we are all together as people. And the integrity of the family is very important – just to see the harm that would come to children and parents to be separated. That’s enough to say this is the right thing for us to be doing.”
Noel Anderson, an ordained pastor in the United Church of Christ, points out that religious teachings around migrants are often consistent across the US’s dominant religions. “There is, across Abrahamic faith traditions at least, this dictate to welcome the stranger, for you were once a stranger in the land of Egypt,” Anderson says. “What are faith communities if not sanctuaries?” 
At the January action meeting, the members of the Metro Denver Sanctuary Coalition discussed a variety of topics: the status of Ingrid’s case, fundraising strategies for her legal fees, and the cases of a number of other immigrants. The group discussed whether or not the city needs a more robust rapid response system, in case Ice starts aggressively conducted raids. Jennifer Pipe teared up as she briefed the group more thoroughly on the newly issued executive orders.
Anibal, oblivious to the import of the conversation around him, rotated through the assembled volunteers, enticing them into playing with him. He tossed a teething toy on the floor and looked at Maureen Flanigan expectantly, grinning when she obligingly picked up the toy to hand back to him.
As the meeting wound to a close, Piper told the group that she and Ingrid had been discussing whether their current strategy, which rests on having Ingrid’s felony conviction downgraded to a lesser charge due to the bad legal advice she received at the time, is still the best way to ensure the family stays together.
“Will Ice still use discretion in cases with bad legal representation or hardship and suffering?” Piper asked, rhetorically. “I think we have to start asking those questions for all the folks we’re accompanying because the climate has changed so much. I think we need to start evaluating these cases in the context of the climate we have now, not the climate we had six months ago.”
•••
On 27 November 2016, the day before Ingrid and Anibal moved into Mountain View, Ingrid threw a birthday party for Anibal at the family’s home in Commerce City. She made food and a birthday cake, and friends and family came to celebrate. After the party, the family decorated a small, artificial Christmas tree.
“Normally, we take Bryant to pick out a big real tree,” Latorre said. “But I knew I was leaving, and I didn’t know if I’d be back in time to clean it all up. But it would have been too sad for Bryant and Eliseo to be at home without a tree.”
As of this writing, Ingrid Latorre has been living in the Mountain View Friends Meeting for more than two months. The waiting is difficult. She waits to hear back from Immigrations and Customs Enforcement, waits to hear from her lawyers, waits for Bryant and Eliseo to visit at night, and waits for the day when she can go back to her normal life. 
She received word that she has been granted a hearing on 3 May on her request to have her criminal case reopened. It’s good news, but it raises a dilemma. Ingrid will have to attend the hearing in person. If she hasn’t received a response from Ice before then, or if Ice denies her application for a stay, leaving the safety of Mountain View will mean making herself vulnerable to deportation. The coalition is strategizing about how best to protect her on the drive to and from the courthouse.
It’s not yet clear how the Trump administration will treat cases like Ingrid’s – several activists I spoke to say that the new executive orders, while full of bluster, don’t contain much in the way of substantive policy changes from the Obama years. But to Ingrid, the news coming out of Washington is dispiriting.
“It’s really upsetting to see how quickly this president has been moving,” she told me. “And I don’t know what’s going to happen. My situation feels more difficult now.”



ARTICLE
Just north of the Standing Rock Sioux reservation, water protectors set their makeshift and traditional structures ablaze in a final act of prayer and defiance against Energy Transfer Partner’s Dakota Access Pipeline, sending columns of black smoke billowing into the winter sky above the Oceti Sakowin protest camp.
The majority of the few hundred remaining protesters marched out, arm in arm ahead of the North Dakota authorities’ Wednesday eviction deadline. An estimated one hundred others refused the state’s order, choosing to remain in camp and face certain arrest in order to defend land and water promised to the Oceti Sakowin, or Great Sioux Nation, in the long-broken Fort Laramie Treaty of 1851.
On these hallowed grounds, history tends to repeat itself. In 1890, police murdered Sitting Bull on the Standing Rock reservation out of suspicion that he was preparing to lead the Ghost Dance movement in an uprising. Two weeks later the United States Cavalry massacred more than three hundred Lakota at Wounded Knee. Over 126 years later, the characters and details of the stories that animate this landscape have changed, but the Cowboys and Indians remain locked in the same grim dance.
The first whirlwind month of Donald Trump’s presidency has brought the injustices of racism, capitalism, and patriarchy long festering beneath the surface of American society out into the open. The eviction of Oceti Sakowin from their treaty lands forces us to confront another foundational injustice, one rarely if ever discussed in contemporary politics – colonialism.
For many, it is contentious and even laughable to suggest that colonialism endures in the present. In the American popular imagination, colonialism ended either when the 13 colonies declared independence from Britain in 1776, or when John Wayne and the 6th Cavalry blasted away Geronimo and the Apaches in Stagecoach.
Colonialism, according to these narratives, is history.
The eviction of Oceti Sakowin suggests otherwise. But in order to see the big picture in all its unjust and ghastly detail, we must take in the full shame of America’s treatment of the Standing Rock Sioux and the first people of this land.
At Standing Rock, 41% of citizens live in poverty. That is almost three times the national average. The reservation’s basic infrastructure is chronically underfunded. Schools are failing. Jobs are few and far between, and 24% of reservation residents are unemployed. Healthcare is inadequate. Many depend on unsafe wells for water. Roads are often unpaved. Housing is in short supply, substandard and overcrowded. If the people of Standing Rock did not take-in their beloved family and friends, there would be mass homelessness.
Dakota Access Pipeline’s price tag of $3.8bn is nearly $1bn more than the entire budget of the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Energy Transfer Partners CEO Kelcy Warren is said to be worth $4.2bn. The pipeline will pour even more wealth into his pockets.
Meanwhile, Standing Rock will remain in poverty on the margins. The most expensive piece of infrastructure in their community will not be the schools, homes or hospitals they desperately need. Instead it will be a pipeline that they have vehemently opposed.
This is how the first people of this land live in the forgotten Bantustans of the American West.
This system, an essential foundation of the United States, is rooted in the theft of indigenous land and the ongoing disavowal of indigenous sovereignty. Indigenous presence must be confined, erased and then forgotten, so that the United States may continue to live upon and profit mightily from lands taken from indigenous people.
The erasure of indigenous people explains why Dakota Access was rerouted from upstream of Bismarck south to Standing Rock. It explains why pipelines can be hammered through Native communities without regard to their treaties and indigenous, constitutional and human rights. It explains why a multi-billion dollar pipe can be drilled through Standing Rock before long-needed basic infrastructure is built. It explains how, after months of unprecedented protests and visibility, Trump can claim that he received no complaints about the pipeline. It explains how Oceti Sakowin can be wiped off the map.
It is impossible to describe the totality of this picture of land theft, containment, poverty, oppression, policing and extraction as anything other than colonialism.
But from the moment that colonialism ensnared land and life, indigenous people fought it – none more than Sitting Bull and his kin, the Oceti Sakowin.
They have lit a fire on the prairie in the heart of America as a symbol of their resistance, a movement that stands for something that is undoubtedly right: water that sustains life, and land that gave birth to people. In its ashes there is the potential for a more just future for this land, this water, and all the nations and people who share it.



ARTICLE
If you want to know where Republicans find ideas to reform Obamacare, look no further than the private insurance companies.
As Republicans struggle to unify around a plan to replace the Affordable Care Act, and at the same time attempt to keep insurance companies in state marketplaces, health insurance executives appear to have found a friendly ear for their demands for change. 
The most striking inclusion of industry ideas in policy appeared this week, when the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) issued a draft rule that could dramatically affect individuals who buy insurance on state marketplaces.
Proposed changes would shorten the window to enroll in coverage from three months to six weeks, increase out-of-pocket costs to consumers and give regulatory authority for health plans to states – all proposals that insurance companies have called for since Donald Trump’s inauguration. 
The public has just 20 days to comment on the draft rule change – rather than the usual 30. That is despite HHS officials’ findings that the proposed changes “could reduce the value of coverage for consumers, which could lead to more consumers facing increases in out-of-pocket expenses, thus increasing their exposure to financial risks associated with high medical costs”.
Benefits to consumers, the rule argued, would come through stabilized premiums and would prompt insurance companies to remain in the market despite the current uncertainty surrounding Republicans’ plans for the system. 
“I don’t believe that for a minute,” said Linda Blumberg, an insurance policy expert at the Urban Institute, of the supposed benefits to consumers. “The ways it can hurt consumers are multiple.”
Blumberg and other experts have argued the rule does little to stabilize the insurance market, which she and others said could best be done by recruiting more healthy people to join. 
“These are very much directed toward segmenting the risk pool, segmenting the cost of the healthy from the cost of the sick,” said Blumberg. “This has always been the way insurers most profit. They will make much more money doing that than they will by managing the medical care of a broad diverse population.” 
The new rule comes amid Republican disagreement over how to move forward with repealing the Affordable Care Act, a seven-year campaign promise from conservatives. Many Republican plans to replace the ACA exist, but none have found a way to stitch together the conservative and moderate members of the party. 
On Thursday, House Republican leaders discussed broad outlines for a replacement for Barack Obama’s signature health policy, which led to 20 million people gaining health coverage. The House speaker, Paul Ryan, said that after Congress’s forthcoming weeklong recess, “we intend to introduce legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare”, without giving further details.
Republicans Rand Paul and Mark Sanford have proposed legislation that would completely repeal the Affordable Care Act and expand savings accounts that come with tax benefits intended for emergency use. But it is unclear which of their ideas might end up in an eventual GOP bill.
Trump himself claimed at an eccentric press conference on Thursday: “We’re doing Obamacare. We’re in final stages. We should be submitting the initial plan in March, early March, I would say.”
Without a unifying plan from Republicans looking to avoid political blame for sowing chaos, the insurance industry has offered ideas to stabilize the markets under threat of pulling out altogether.
“Their advertised objective here is to stabilize the market,” said Marc Goldwein, vice-president of policy at the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. “One way to keep insurance companies selling insurance is to give them some of the things they’re asking for.
“Whether those are things that hurt the consumer, or benefit the consumer, or are neutral to the consumer, will depend,” said Goldwein. 
The proposed rule was released just nine days after executives of Blue Cross Blue Shield met administration officials, when a list of “actions” needed to “stabilize the private health insurance market” was distributed. Many of those same actions appeared in a Blue Cross Blue Shield policy document from 30 January, titled “Moving forward: a health insurance market for 2017 and beyond”. 
The proposed rule, if approved by the department now headed by the vehement Obamacare critic Tom Price, would have a tangible impact on when individuals can buy health insurance, and what they get when they do. 
“The biggest issue, and what’s most important for people to know, is this rule does nothing to help people get coverage or afford care,” said Lydia Mitts, associate director at Families USA, a left-leaning patient advocacy group. “This is not a rule that puts consumers first – this is just giving insurers a wishlist of what they want, making it harder for people to get the coverage they need.” 
First, the period to sign up for health insurance would shorten. Last year, 11.3 million people signed up for health insurance through exchanges between 1 November and 1 January. The proposed rule would shorten that period to six weeks, from 1 November to 15 December. 
Next, insurers could require more verification paperwork from consumers looking to take part in so-called “special enrollment periods”. These are special opportunities to sign up for healthcare offered to people who may have lost a job or become pregnant. 
Third, if a customer’s insurance policy were canceled because the customer did not pay, insurance companies could require full repayment before allowing customers to sign up for a new plan. This proposal, the rule argues, would encourage people to “maintain continuous coverage”. 
Because the ACA required insurers to offer a set of benefits, the new rule would also allow insurance companies to offer less valuable plans, meaning that out-of-pocket costs would increase, and subsidies could go down. The rule would also lower requirements for the number of some types of doctors insurers are required to have in plans. 
“I’m not privy to what is going on in the administration, but these are things that I think are coming from the insurance industry more than they are from policymakers,” said Blumberg.
“There seems to be a lot of consistency between the big insurers and the policies that are being promoted by critics of the ACA.” 



ARTICLE
Hillary Clinton declared the “future is female” on Monday in her first public address since Donald Trump’s inauguration as president.
In a video recorded for a women’s leadership conference in California, Clinton did not mention her 2016 election rival Trump and instead applauded the women who protested across the globe the day after his inauguration. 
“Despite all the challenges we face, I remain convinced that yes, the future is female,” Clinton said. “Just look at the amazing energy we saw last month as women organized a march that galvanized millions of people all over our country and across the world.”
More than a million people turned out for the women’s marches, which was the largest mass demonstration in US history. 
Momentum from the women’s marches has cascaded to dozens of protests, including demonstrations against the Trump administration’s travel ban, in support of scientists and backing LGBT rights. 
Activists have also called on women internationally to strike on 8 March against male violence and in support of reproductive rights. 
Clinton did not mention the upcoming demonstrations, but urged women to “step up and speak out” in a recorded video for the Makers conference, an annual women’s leadership event that began in 2014, held this week in California.
“We need you to dare greatly and lead boldly,” said Clinton. “So please, set an example for every woman and girl out there who’s worried about what the future holds and wonders whether our rights, opportunities and values will endure.”
The Democratic presidential nominee did not attend the women’s march. She did, however, attend the inauguration, as is customary for former first ladies. 
Clinton and Trump did not interact during the ceremony, but shook hands at the inauguration luncheon. Trump asked Clinton and her husband, former president Bill Clinton, to stand during the luncheon. “I have a lot of respect for those two people,” Trump said. 
On the campaign trail, Trump had threatened to jail Clinton. She, a former secretary of state, declared he was unfit to serve the nation’s highest office. 
Clinton defeated Trump in the popular vote by 2.9m, but election night 2016 fell in Trump’s favor because of his electoral college win. The loss ended the presidential ambitions of Clinton, the first female to be nominated for US president by a major political party. 
Last Week, Simon & Schuster revealed Hillary Clinton had inked a deal to write a collection of essays including her reflections on Trump and the election. 
Clinton concluded her speech to the conference with a rousing call for women around the world. 
“And remember, you are the heroes and history-makers, the glass ceiling-breakers of the future. As I’ve said before, I’ll say again, never doubt you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance and opportunity in the world”. 



ARTICLE
American patients treated by internationally educated doctors have slightly better outcomes than those treated by their American-educated counterparts, a new study has found, as Donald Trump’s ban on travel from seven Muslim-majority countries is expected to stop some immigrant physicians from coming to the United States.
But that is not because American medical schools are falling short, the authors of the report in the British Medical Journal said.
“We’re not saying medical school in the US is not doing a good job, it’s only about selection,” said Yusuke Tsugawa, a research associate at Harvard University’s TH Chan School of Public Health and lead author of the study. Self-selection, to be more specific.
“They are highly motivated,” Tsugawa said of doctors educated outside the US. “They are not random doctors from their home country, they are the best doctors.”
Trump’s executive order banned people from entering the US from seven countries – Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen – for 120 days following the order. The order also stopped the Syrian refugee resettlement program indefinitely.
Researchers looked at 1.2m hospital admissions of patients on Medicare, the American public health insurance program for the elderly, who were treated by more than 44,000 physicians. The rate at which patients died or were readmitted was used to measure patient “outcomes”. 
Despite the study’s findings that internationally educated doctors were slightly more likely to treat a sicker population – people with more chronic diseases, as well as more likely to be from racial minorities and more likely to be low-income – outcomes were slightly better than among their American-educated peers. That held when comparing doctors in the same hospitals. Patients treated by both international and US graduates were about the same age on average, approximately 80 years old.
“Our findings indicate that current standards of selecting international medical graduates for practice in the US are functioning well for at least one important dimension: inpatient outcomes,” researchers wrote.
By the numbers, researchers found that when patients were treated by internationally educated doctors, they died at a rate of 11.2%, versus 11.6% for US-educated physicians, in comparisons of doctors working in the same hospitals. 
Readmissions showed the same trend. Patients returned to the hospital within 30 days at a rate of 15.4% for internationally educated doctors, and 15.5% for US educated doctors, when comparing doctors in the same hospital. 
Tsugawa said he and his colleagues undertook the study because other research showed there “was a bias against foreign medical graduates, both from colleagues and patients, so they are thinking quality of care might be worse than US medical graduates.
“Given that 25% of the doctors in the US – or in the UK as well – are foreign medical graduates, we want to make sure they are providing quality medical care,” he said. Tsugawa said he expected to focus on the race of doctors in his next study. 
“To do the residency program in the US, the bar is really high; only 50% of the candidates can get the slot in the residency program,” said Tsugawa. “There are multiple ways they are highly selected, and highly motivated, and that is the reason they have better outcomes.
“Those who come to the US are the brightest and the best,” he said.
About one quarter of physicians working in the US were educated abroad, multiple studies show. But many workforce experts believe that even if the immigration status of hundreds weren’t suddenly in question, there still would not be enough doctors coming to the US to make up shortages faced by ageing and rural Americans.
For example, the largely rural Alaska already needs an additional 60 doctors per year, the Atlantic reports. And a 2015 New England Journal of Medicine article argued that programs that brought 8,000 doctors to the US each year would fall far short of the primary care needs of the country’s ageing population.
Research from 2013 showed that 299 doctors from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, or Syria applied to train in the US as residents that year, with an acceptance rate of just 40%, a New England Journal of Medicine article reported.
Syria is also one of the top exporters of physicians to the US in another program that places doctors in high-need rural and inner-city areas, the J-1 visa program. In 2014, 165 Syrian doctors moved to the US under the program, according to the same article. If the ban continues beyond 120 days the number of doctors – and therefore patients – affected could escalate very quickly.
“Physicians with J-1 waivers are filling clinical jobs in areas of need,” the NEJM authors wrote. “An executive order that has not taken into account the widespread ramifications may lead to further shortages of physicians in areas that are already in dire need.” 



ARTICLE
A House committee wants the White House and Trump administration officials to detail all the payments and contacts that former national security adviser Michael Flynn had with foreign government representatives spanning the past three years. 
The bipartisan letter by top members of the House oversight and government reform committee came as the Daily Beast reported that Flynn did not sign an ethics pledge the Trump administration had said would apply to all appointees.
The pledge was intended to stop all federal appointees lobbying their former colleagues for five years after leaving government, and to bar them from lobbying for foreign governments for life. A spokesman for Flynn told the Daily Beast he did not sign the pledge. 
Flynn resigned in February after just four weeks as national security adviser when it came to light that he had misled the vice-president, Mike Pence, about phone conversations with the Russian ambassador about sanctions in December. The resignation came after a flow of intelligence leaks revealed that he had secretly discussed sanctions with the ambassador, Sergey Kislyak, and then tried to cover up the conversations.
Earlier this month, it was revealed that from September to November last year, while he was working as a top adviser to Trump’s presidential campaign, Flynn was lobbying for a firm linked to the Turkish government, earning $530,000. He and his company, Flynn Intel Group Inc, only filed retroactive documents with the Department of Justice this month to register as a foreign agent.
Under the Foreign Agent Registration Act, US citizens who lobby on behalf of foreign governments or political entities must disclose their work to the justice department. Willfully failing to register is a felony, though the justice department rarely files criminal charges in such cases.
The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, was asked last week whether Flynn had signed his ethics form. “I’d have to check and actually figure out when he signed or if he signed the form,” he said.
 The bipartisan letter by top members of the House oversight and government reform committee seeks material on Flynn’s communications and payments from Russian, Turkish and other foreign sources since Flynn retired as Defense Intelligence Agency chief in August 2014. 
The requests also seek material on Flynn’s security clearance. 
The letter went to the White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus; the FBI director, James Comey; the defense secretary, James Mattis; and the national intelligence director, Dan Coats.
Donald Trump fired Flynn last month for misleading officials about Flynn’s post-election contacts with Russia’s ambassador to the US. 
 The Associated Press contributed to this report



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s executive order to close America’s borders to travellers from some Muslim-majority countries caused chaos on Saturday, as multiple people who had flown to the US were held at major airports while others were barred from boarding flights or were pulled off planes overseas.
By Saturday evening, there were 11 people in detention at New York City’s John F Kennedy airport who had arrived from Iraq and other barred countries, according to two Democratic members of Congress, Jerry Nadler and Nydia Velazquez, who joined protests at the airport.
According to representatives of immigration and civil rights group who spoke to reporters on a group call, other travellers were being held in Atlanta, Houston and Detroit.
Pre-approved refugees, students and workers holding visas and residency green cards were barred from flights to the US, according to reports emerging from Amsterdam, Frankfurt and Cairo and other cities across Europe, the Middle East and Africa. By evening in New York, hundreds of protesters had massed at Kennedy airport, and demonstrators gathered at at least 10 other major airports, including Dulles, LAX, San Francisco, Denver and Philadelphia.
As confusion reigned at airports, universities and businesses across the US, a spokeswoman for the Department of Homeland Security confirmed that people with green cards, making them legal permanent US residents, were included in the ban. 
Trump’s executive order, signed on Friday, temporarily banned refugees from around the world, blocked Syrian refugees indefinitely and halted entry for 90 days for people from seven predominantly Muslim countries: Iraq, Syria, Iran, Yemen, Sudan, Libya and Somalia. 
At the White House on Saturday, Trump expressed no doubt about his orders, saying: “It’s not a Muslim ban, but we were totally prepared. It’s working out very nicely. You see it at the airports, you see it all over.”
A state department spokesman confirmed to the Guardian that travellers who have dual nationality between a country on the list and another non-US country, for instance UK-Iraqi or Canadian-Somali citizenship,are barred from entering the US for 90 days. The order provides for giving priority to religious minorities in those Muslim countries; Trump has said the US will in future prioritise Christian refugees. 
In New York City, two Iraqi refugees were detained at JFK airport. One, Hameed Khalid Darweesh, had worked in Iraq for the US government for 10 years. The other, Haider Sameer Abdulkhaleq Alshawi, was coming to the US to join his wife who had worked for a US contractor. 
Congressman Nadler told the Guardian that anyone who was detained at an airport should “not sign anything and ask for a lawyer”.
“Donald Trump should revoke the executive order,” he said. “It’s unconstitutional on the grounds of religious discrimination.”
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and other groups filed a lawsuit challenging the detention of the two Iraqi men, and Darweesh was allowed to enter the US on Saturday afternoon. He spoke before protesters outside terminal 4 at JFK airport, who shouted: “No hate, no war, refugees are welcome here.” 
Darweesh told the Guardian he felt no ill will toward airport authorities. “They are good people,” he said. “They are just doing their duty.”
New York governor Andrew Cuomo ordered state transit officials and state attorneys to “explore all legal options to assist anyone detained at New York airports, and ensure that their rights are protected”. By 7pm local time, thousands of people had gathered at Kennedy airport, chanting “let them in”, and taxi drivers had staged a stoppage there in solidarity. 
“I never thought I’d see the day when refugees, who have fled war-torn countries in search of a better life, would be turned away at our doorstep,” Cuomo said in a statement. “We are a nation of bridges, not walls, and a great many of us still believe in the words ‘give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses.’”
Becca Heller, executive director of the International Refugee Assistance Project (IRAP), said “dozens remain detained” around the US amid confusion between local authorities, federal agencies, attorneys and the White House. “Nobody knows at this point.” 
Mark Doss, an attorney for IRAP, told the New York Times that a border agent directed him to the White House with his complaint: “Mr President, call Mr Trump.”
Thanu Yakupitiyage, a spokeswoman for the New York Immigration Coalition (NYIC), told the Guardian: “This is absolutely dehumanizing, I am livid, it’s outrageous. We are sending someone to JFK airport to speak to customs and border control about this, people are in a state of shock.”
Overseas, airport officials appeared to err on the side of blocking passengers from listed countries. It was reported, for example, that seven people, being escorted by officials from the United Nations refugee agency, were prevented from boarding a flight from Egypt to New York after authorities in Cairo contacted their counterparts at JFK. Air Canada had reportedly advised people from the seven countries concerned not to board flights to the US, whether or not they held a green card.
Melanie Nezer, vice-president of HIAS, a US organization that helps to resettle refugees who had passed through the difficult US vetting process, said 2,000 people scheduled to arrive next week were now stranded overseas.
Mana Yegani, an immigration lawyer in Houston, said she had heard of several people with Iranian passports who were barred from US-bound flights leaving Amsterdam and Frankfurt. A number of other passengers were removed by security personnel just before take-off from the European cities.
“The agents said specifically that they had word from the US that those passengers would not be allowed to travel,” Yegani said.
Yegani had also been passed details of a Sudanese woman, a Stanford University PhD student with a US green card, who flew into New York at 11pm on Friday and was detained and interrogated until about 5am on Saturday, when she was released.
“The checked her social media accounts, went through her phone, asked her about her politics, it was very intimidating,” Yegani said. “This really undermines core American values and the US constitution. I would not be surprised if the legal challenges to this end up at the supreme court.”
Masih Alinejad, an Iranian journalist living in exile in the US, said Trump’s orders threatened to strip people from their families and homes.
“The Islamic Republic has built a wall around many exiled journalists like us,” she said. “We neither have the right to return to Iran, nor do we enjoy the privilege of seeing our parents.”
Alinejad said that the order now bars her from her son, a university student in the UK. “Trump has built a wall between me and my son. We are both in limbo. He cannot come and see me and nor can I go to the UK to visit him,” she said. 
“If I were to go and visit him, I would be deprived of the right to come back to the United States. It would be the end of my life in the United States.”
The Council on American-Islamic Relations (Cair) will file its own lawsuit against the order on Monday, arguing that it violates the constitution’s guarantee for religion and due process.
Yakupitiyage, of the NYIC, said the order was a step toward a more “isolationist and cruel” United States. “We will be doing whatever we can with our legal partners to push back on this. It’s religious discrimination and this will not make America safer.”
She stressed that many refugees and managed to pass through the arduous, 18 to 24-month vetting system that was in place before the orders. 
“Many have waited years,” she said.



ARTICLE
Moments after former labor secretary Tom Perez narrowly defeated Representative Keith Ellison in a battle to lead the Democratic party, the rivals appeared together at a press conference in downtown Atlanta. Pinned to his suit jacket, Ellison wore a blue “Team Tom” button. Perez wore a green “Keith for DNC” button.
The message was clear: the Democratic party would leave the city a united front. But the show of unity papered over anger that had erupted when Donna Brazile, interim chair of the Democratic National Committee, announced that Perez would be her successor.
“Party for the people, not big money!” a group of Ellison supporters chanted from the back of the hotel ballroom. When the jeering subsided and Perez was able to speak, he moved immediately to name Ellison as deputy chairman. 
The room erupted in cheers. But the episode did not dispel a sense among Ellison supporters that Democrats had missed an opportunity to change course after years of election losses, especially at the state and local level.
“It looks bleak right now,” said Jean Ross, co-president of National Nurses United. Several members of the union came to Atlanta to cheer on Ellison, wearing their red scrubs. 
“We thought we had a real chance to turn this party around. But apparently the old guard is willing to continue a losing streak.” 
The balloting went on for two rounds. Perez, who was considered as Hillary Clinton’s running mate, came up one vote short on the first ballot. He secured a clear lead on the second, with 235 of 435 votes. The party’s ascendant activist base showed its strength with 200 votes for Ellison, the first Muslim member of Congress and an experienced grassroots activist.
But after Bernie Sanders’ bruising primary loss to Clinton last spring, progressives were frustrated on Saturday that they had failed to wrest power from what in their view are Washington insiders, party elites and donors.
Jim Dean, chair of Democracy for America, called the election “incredibly disappointing” and “another missed opportunity for a Democratic party desperately trying to regain relevance”. 
The Working Families party national director, Dan Cantor, said Ellison was “uniquely qualified to transform that anger and fear into political power and organization” and predicted the result “may sting for progressives, particularly young people”.
Ilya Sheyman, executive director of MoveOn.org, said pointedly: “If [Perez] can lead the Democratic party to stand unequivocally on the side of economic justice and equality, then the millions of MoveOn members across the country will stand with it.”
Stephanie Taylor and Adam Green, co-founders of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee, urged Perez to “work quickly to build bridges to grassroots progressive groups that have their finger on the pulse of the modern-day resistance”. 
At the press conference, Ellison appealed to his supporters. “If they trust me, they need to come on and trust Tom Perez as well,” he said, adding: “The very fate of our nation, I believe, is in the balance.”
Sanders endorsed Ellison and the Vermont senator’s legions of followers rallied behind the bid. A month later, Perez joined the race and earned support from allies of Clinton and Obama. 
The frontrunners campaigned on nearly identical platforms and advanced similar explanations of what had gone wrong in 2016. 
Ellison was attacked for past comments critical of Israel, the American Jewish Congress warning in a letter to DNC members that choosing him might “threaten the relationship between America and our ally Israel”. Ellison called the attacks smears and apologized for past remarks.
Supporters of Perez cited his liberal record as proof that he would be a strong ally of the party’s progressive wing. During his 2013 confirmation battle, Breitbart warned that Perez would be the “most radical cabinet secretary since Henry Wallace”. 
But activists said Perez was unable to dispel the impression that he was a stalking horse for the party’s establishment. 
“It is not a left-v-center debate,” said Waleed Shahid, a co-founder of #AllofUs, the progressive group that launched WeWillReplaceYou.org to challenge incumbent Democrats who do not sufficiently oppose Donald Trump’s agenda.
“It is a top-v-bottom debate,” he continued. “It’s about where you have been. Tom Perez spent a lot of time at the top of the party and Keith Ellison, he has been in the trenches fighting with us.”
Shahid said grassroots leaders would welcome the opportunity to work with Perez and the DNC, but said the onus is on party leadership to earn the support of the “foot soldiers”.
During the press conference, Perez said giving young people and progressive leaders a “seat at the table” was a top priority. 
There was another critic of the election result: President Trump.
“The race for DNC chairman was, of course, totally ‘rigged’,” he said on Twitter on Sunday. “Bernie’s guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!”
In an interview on Sunday with CNN’s State of the Union, Sanders disagreed, saying the system was not “rigged” and that Ellison “took on in essence Democratic insiders and came close to winning”.
Perez, also appearing on CNN, dismissed the suggestion that the vote had reinforced a divide between party factions. 
“Congressman Ellison and I got a good kick out of that – Donald Trump up again in the morning tweeting about us,” Perez said. “Our unity as a party is our greatest strength and it’s his worst nightmare.”



ARTICLE
The White House has asked Congress to investigate Donald Trump’s allegation, presented without evidence, that Barack Obama ordered illegal wiretapping of Trump Tower during the 2016 presidential election.
On Saturday, a spokesman for Obama said the former president had not ordered any such surveillance. On Sunday, a former director of national intelligence, James Clapper, went further, denying the existence of any surveillance order at Trump Tower, at least during his tenure.
In his demand for an investigation, the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, did not provide any evidence for the president’s claims, but said reports about “potentially politically motivated investigations” were “very troubling”.
He did not specify what reports were in question, though late last week, rightwing radio and news sites, including Breitbart, which was recently run by the president’s chief strategist, circulated the idea that Obama had tried to undermine the Trump campaign.
In a statement, Spicer said the president had asked congressional intelligence committees to “exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016”.
But Clapper rejected Trump’s claims on the record, and the director of the FBI reportedly asked the justice department to tell the public the president’s allegations were false.
The FBI and Congress are already investigating Russian interference in the election, and American intelligence agencies have concluded that hackers acting on behalf of the Kremlin broke into Democratic party servers in support of Trump.
Within an hour of the White House request, Clapper appeared on NBC’s Meet the Press and denied the existence of any wiretap operation at Trump Tower while he was in office. “For the part of the national security apparatus that I oversaw as DNI,” Clapper said, “there was no such wiretap activity mounted against the president-elect at the time, or as a candidate or against his campaign.”
Host Chuck Todd then asked whether, as director of national intelligence, Clapper would have known about any federal court order authorizing an FBI surveillance operation. 
“I would know that,” Clapper replied. “Something like this, absolutely.”
Todd asked: “And at this point you can’t confirm or deny whether that exists?”
“I can deny it,” he said.
“There is no Fisa court order?” Todd pressed, alluding to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (Fisa) court, which approves sensitive surveillance requests. “Of anything at Trump Tower?”
“Not to my knowledge,” Clapper said. “No.”
Later on Sunday, the New York Times cited anonymous senior officials to report that FBI director James Comey had argued within the justice department that the nation’s highest law enforcement officials should publicly refute the president’s words because they were false. Comey has drawn scorn from Democrats for months over his public handling of a separate investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server while she was secretary of state. 
The director has reportedly struggled to find an authority able to accede to his request. Attorney general Jeff Sessions recused himself from the Russia investigation last week after it was found that, under oath, he had failed to disclose meetings last year with Russia’s ambassador.
On Saturday, Kevin Lewis, a spokesman for Obama, did not deny that the FBI might be surveilling Trump associates but denied that the Obama White House played any role in such decisions.
“Neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any US citizen,” Lewis said. “Any suggestion otherwise is simply false.”
A surveillance operation would have required a warrant from a federal judge who had been convinced investigators had probable cause of a serious crime or that a targeted person was working for a foreign power. 
For months, outlets such as the Guardian, the BBC, the New York Times and the Washington Post have reported on requests for such a warrant and a larger investigation into possible links between Russian officials and Trump associates. 
The former national security adviser Michael Flynn was forced to resign last month, after it was discovered he had misled Vice-President Mike Pence about his conversations with the Russian ambassador.
Although Spicer pledged that the White House would not comment on its request, deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders appeared on the ABC program This Week. She would not say if Trump had based his accusation on an intelligence briefing, a news report or something else.
“I think he is going off of information that he’s seeing that led him to believe that this is a very real potential,” Huckabee Sanders said. “I would say his tweet speaks for itself.”
The spokeswoman said merely “the potential of this having had happened” merited investigation, and argued: “If this happened, if this is accurate, this is the biggest overreach and the biggest scandal.”
But she did not say the investigation merited a special prosecutor, independent of either party. “I don’t think we’re there yet,” she said.
Also on Sunday, the Republican Florida senator Marco Rubio, a member of the Senate intelligence committee, told CNN’s State of the Union he did not know from where the president had drawn his accusations.
“Perhaps the president has information that’s not available to us or the public,” Rubio said. “He’ll have to explain what he meant by it.”
The Senate intelligence committee is compiling information for a public report “based on the facts that will let people reach judgment based on the facts”, Rubio said. 
He also discussed controversy over Jeff Sessions’ meeting with Russia’s ambassador. Noting that ambassadors met with government officials by trade, Rubio urged Americans to remember that senators meeting with diplomats – and intelligence work – are to varying degrees routine.
In response to a question from the host, Jake Tapper, about allegations that the Russian ambassador “is a spy”, Rubio said: “It is not a mystery to anyone that virtually every embassy in Washington DC has some intelligence component associated with it.”
In contrast, the Nebraska Republican senator Ben Sasse, a frequent critic of Trump, called for the president to explain what he was talking about and his sources of information regarding the alleged surveillance.
“We are in the midst of a civilization-warping crisis of public trust, and the president’s allegations today demand the thorough and dispassionate attention of serious patriots,” Sasse said in a statement. 
“A quest for the full truth, rather than knee-jerk partisanship, must be our guide if we are going to rebuild civic trust and health.”
Rubio could not provide a deadline for the investigation. “I know it’s frustrating,” he said. “We all want it to be available tomorrow.”



ARTICLE
Wherever she goes – a hike in the woods near her Chappaqua home, at the theater for a Broadway show, delivering a speech to a room of women and girls – Hillary Clinton causes a stir. Fans ask for photographs. Crowds stand for extended ovations.
Such appearances have been rare. In the more than four months since her devastating election loss to Donald Trump, Clinton has largely resisted the spotlight. On Friday, however, she hinted that she is ready to return to public life. 
“I am ready to come out of the woods,” Clinton said at the Society of Irish Women’s annual St Patrick’s Day dinner, in an apparent reference to the chance encounters with supporters while hiking. 
She continued, saying she was ready “to help shine a light on what is already happening around kitchen tables, at dinners like this, to help draw strength that will enable everybody to keep going”.
For decades, Bill and Hillary Clinton have been central figures in Democratic politics. Since Hillary’s loss, Democrats have been divided over what her role in the party should be.
Some argue that her time has passed, and that the party’s energy is with the wing of the party loyal to the man she beat in the primary, Bernie Sanders.
“The era of Clintonism is gone,” said Winnie Wong, a co-author of the Women’s March guiding principles document and the co-founder of People for Bernie, an active grassroots group. “Finished. Finito. She lost.”
But others – especially her supporters who are now active in the opposition movement – are certain that she has a future in Democratic politics, even if it is not as a candidate.
“There is a reason why so many people looked to images of her in the days after the election,” said Jess McIntosh, executive editor of the liberal new site ShareBlue, and formerly of the Clinton campaign and Emily’s List. “People want to hear from her.”
After Clinton’s first post-election sighting, women started hiking in the Chappaqua area in hopes of running into her. The sightings inspired a sketch on Saturday Night Live and a Twitter account, “HRC in the wild”, which collects photos of supporters’ run-ins with Clinton. 
At the Women’s March on Washington in January, a number of women carried signs that read: “I’m still with Her.”
Clinton has shown solidarity with the Trump opposition movement. She wore white – the color of women’s suffrage – to his inauguration. The next day, as women led protest marches around the world, she tweeted: “Scrolling through images of the #womensmarch is awe-inspiring. Hope it brought joy to others as it did to me.”
McIntosh said: “She is living proof that women really do have to be 10 times better and work 10 times harder to get half as far. At this day and age that’s something that’s easy to forget. 
“For a woman that qualified to lose to a man that ridiculous really drove it home for a lot of people that we have so much more work to do.” 
Advocacy for women and girls has been central to her life’s work, and it’s a theme Clinton returned to in the days and weeks after the election. In a speech on International Women’s Day, she praised the women leading protests against Trump’s agenda.
“Our voices have always been vital but they have never been more vital than they are right now – not just in faraway countries but right here,” she said at the Vital Voices Global Leadership Awards in Washington, wearing red in solidarity with the women’s rights movement.
While Clinton is a source of inspiration for some Democrats, for others she is a representative of the old guard. Such tensions played out in race for chair of the Democratic National Committee last month: the top candidates, former labor secretary Tom Perez and Minnesota representative Keith Ellison, were viewed as proxies in battle over the ideological bent of the party.
Clinton carefully avoided inserting herself into the deliberations over how the party should move forward in the Trump era. But ahead of the vote, she published a video urging Democrats to “keep fighting”. “I’ll be right there with you every step of the way,” she said.
Perez won and immediately appointed Ellison deputy chair. Together they have made a show of unity and have moved quickly to elevate young people. But is there space for a party elder such as Clinton?
“When people see her and hear her, it serves as a reminder that she is who most people wanted as president,” said Jesse Ferguson, the deputy national press secretary for Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign. 
“She is a reminder to those organizing in opposition to Trump that the country can, should and wanted to be better.”
As the nation adjusts to the new realities of a Trump administration, Clinton’s plans, and especially her political ambitions, will continue to be a source of speculation and intrigue. How Clinton fits into the political moment is just one of the many unanswered questions. 
Will she run again in 2020? A USA Today/Suffolk University poll taken after the election found that 62% of Democratic and independent voters said the two-time presidential candidate should not run again for president.
A rumor that she is considering a run for mayor of New York resurfaced this week – and a January Quinnipiac University poll found that if she mounted an independent bid against the current New York mayor (and Clinton ally) Bill de Blasio, she would win.
Wong, the co-founder of People for Bernie, said: “The governor’s race in Massachusetts: roll her out there. Send her to fundraisers. But do not send her to a town hall to talk about poverty in coal country wearing a $12,000 jacket and diamonds that are slightly more modest than Melania’s.”
Clinton delivered the St Patrick’s Day speech in Scranton, Pennsylvania, a former industrial center where her grandfather worked in a lace mill and where her father was born, raised and buried.
Pennsylvania helped deliver Trump the presidency in November, but Lackawanna County, where Scranton is located, went for Clinton. 
A spokesman for Clinton, meanwhile, said that in the immediate future her plans include helping causes she believes in and writing.
Clinton is working on a book of personal essays that is scheduled for publication in the fall. The book, which is still untitled, will include “stories from her life, up to and including her experiences in the 2016 presidential campaign” and will be inspired by quotations she’s collected over the past decades, according to the publisher, Simon & Schuster. 
Next month, she will speak at the LGBT Community Center in New York; in May she will deliver the commencement speech at her alma mater, Wellesley College, where nearly 50 years ago she launched her political career when she delivered its first student commencement address. 
Last week, accepting the Girls Inc 2017 Champion for Girls award, Clinton spoke to a new generation of women whom she hopes will do what she ultimately did not. 
“Let us hope there is a wave of young women running for office in America, and let’s be sure we support them in every way we can,” she said. 
“Let’s help them shatter stereotypes and lift each other up. They are the history-makers, the glass-ceiling breakers of tomorrow.”



ARTICLE
John McCain said on Friday that Donald Trump’s administration was in “disarray” and that Nato’s founders would be alarmed by the growing unwillingness to “separate truth from lies”.
The Republican Senator broke with the reassuring message that US officials visiting Germany have sought to convey on their debut trip to Europe, telling a Munich security conference the resignation of the new president’s security adviser, Michael Flynn, over his contacts with Russia reflected deep problems in Washington. 
“I think that the Flynn issue obviously is something that shows that in many respects this administration is in disarray and they’ve got a lot of work to do,” said McCain, a known Trump critic, even as he praised Trump’s defence secretary. “The president, I think, makes statements [and] on other occasions contradicts himself. So we’ve learned to watch what the president does as opposed to what he says,” he said. 
Without mentioning the president’s name, McCain lamented a shift in the US and Europe away from the “universal values” that forged the Nato alliance seven decades ago. McCain also said the alliance’s founders would be “alarmed by the growing inability, and even unwillingness, to separate truth from lies.”
The chairman of the Armed Services Committee, said “more and more of our fellow citizens seem to be flirting with authoritarianism and romanticising it as our moral equivalent”. The senator also regretted the “hardening resentment we see toward immigrants, and refugees, and minority groups, especially Muslims”. 
European governments have been unsettled by the signals sent by Trump on a range of foreign policy issues ranging from Nato and Russia to Iran, Israel and European integration.
The debut trip to Europe of Trump’s defence secretary, Jim Mattis, and his secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, to a meeting of G20 counterparts in Bonn, went some way to assuaging concerns as they both took a more traditional US position. 
But Trump is wrestling with a growing controversy at home about potential ties between his aides and Russia, which he dismissed on Thursday as a “ruse” and “scam” perpetrated by a hostile news media. 
Mattis made clear to allies, both at Nato in Brussels and in Munich, that the US would not retreat from leadership as the European continent grapples with an assertive Russia, wars in eastern and southern Mediterranean countries and attacks by Islamist militants. 
US vice-president Mike Pence will address the Munich conference on Saturday with a similar message of reassurance. Pence will say Europe is an “indispensable partner”, a senior White House foreign policy adviser told reporters. 
Mattis told a crowd that included heads of state and more than 70 defence ministers that Trump backed Nato. “President Trump came into office and has thrown now his full support to Nato. He too espouses Nato’s need to adapt to today’s strategic situation for it to remain credible, capable and relevant,” Mattis said. 
Mattis said the US and its European allies had a shared understanding of the challenges ahead. Trump has alarmed allies by expressing admiration for Russian president Vladimir Putin. 
Mattis, however, has spoken out strongly against Russia while in Europe. After talks with Nato allies in Brussels on Thursday, he said he did not believe it would be possible to collaborate militarily with Moscow, at least for now. 
The Europeans may need more convincing that Washington stands with it on a range of security issues. “There is still a lot of uncertainty,” Sebastian Kurz, Austria’s foreign minister, told reporters. “The big topic in Munich is looking to the USA to see which developments to expect next.” 
European intelligence agencies have warned that Russia is also seeking to destabilise governments and influence elections across Europe with cyber attacks, fake news and propaganda and by funding far-right political parties. 
British defence minister Michael Fallon said: “We should be under no illusions about the step-change in Russian behaviour over the last couple of years, even after Crimea”, referring to Moscow’s 2014 annexation of the Ukrainian peninsula.
“We have seen a step-change in Russian military aggression, but also in propaganda, in misinformation and a succession of persistent attacks on western democracies, interference in a whole series of elections including ... the United States.” 
Nato’s secretary-general, Jens Stoltenberg, held talks with Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov in Munich, seeing progress on encouraging Moscow to be more open about its military exercises that the alliance says are unpredictable. 
Russia says it is the western alliance, not Moscow, that is destabilising Europe by sending troops to its western borders. “We have different views,” Stoltenberg said of the crisis in Ukraine, where the west accuses the Kremlin of arming separatist rebels in a conflict that has killed 10,000 people since April 2014. Russia says the conflict is a civil war. 
Reuters and Associated Press contributed to this report



ARTICLE
After moving over from Iran to attend graduate school in Utah seven years ago, Pooya has settled into life in the US.
He works as an architect at a busy firm in New York City, lives with his American girlfriend, and supports the Brooklyn Nets.
The 30-year-old, who asked that his surname not be used, had completed two of the three steps involved in applying for his green card when Trump’s first travel ban executive order was announced in January.
“I always thought it’s my second home. And one day you wake up and find yourself in this situation and just have to think how stable your life is. You may have to pack up tomorrow, you have no other choice,” said Pooya. 
He is one of many caught up in the turbulent winds of the executive order: it’s not entirely certain that the travel ban affects him directly, but it might. Many citizens from the six listed countries in Donald Trump’s executive order – Iran, Syria, Yemen, Somalia, Libya and Sudan – are terrified of what will happen even if they have legal status in the US, while those awaiting to reunite with families entering as refugees hold legitimate concerns that they will never see their loved ones again.
Pooya was heartened by the news late on Wednesday that Trump’s second travel ban had been at least temporarily blocked by the courts.
“It gives me more hope that this is not going to go easy,” he said. “It’s really great to have [an] independent justice system, that is one of the best things.”
But after several rounds of announced travel bans and legal limbo, uncertainty has become a way of life for him and others who think they may be affected by the ban. 
Pooya’s work visa runs out next year, and is not renewable. His attorneys filed the last element of his green card application last week, before the latest travel ban order, although he says his attorney is not entirely sure if his application will be affected or not.
He has not returned to Iran since he left, as his student visa and work visas are all only valid for single entry. A friend completing her PhD in the US went back to Iran for a family wedding and it took her nine months to get issued another visa, and Pooya didn’t want to risk his US life. He hasn’t seen his father in seven years. His mother visited in 2014, after waiting 10 months for background checks (“It was not an easy process” before the travel ban, he notes).
“Just have to wait and hope, that’s pretty much it. Even after that, I’m not sure. Is it safe to travel, even if I get approval?” he asked.
•••
“You felt relieved the first time,” said Motasim Adam from the Darfur People’s Association of New York, referring to when courts overturned the initial ban from 26 January.
But now, the second court suspension of the travel ban hasn’t relaxed him.
“[Trump] will definitely keep fighting for that,” he said. “He doesn’t care about other consequences, he only cares about meeting his promises to his constituents in the election. That means many people can be victims of him fulfilling his promise and people will pay the price of that.”
Adam says as part of his work with Darfuris, he’s heard dozens of cases of people unable to pick up their approved visas from US embassies overseas or visa applications seemingly put on hold, despite the government’s public statements that applications are being processed as normal.
His daughter, Wesal Adam, might be just 12 years old, but she asks tough questions.
“Every day she asks me, ‘Daddy, will my case be approved or not? Do you have an idea? What if I go outside [the US] and I have problems coming back? Will you go into the United States and leave me outside?” Adam told the Guardian.
Now a seventh-grader at PAVE Academy in Brooklyn, Wesal fled civil war in Sudan and arrived in 2009 on a humanitarian visa. Her younger siblings were born in the US, and her father is a US citizen but Wesal – and her mother – are both green card holders.
Her father applied for her to become a naturalized citizen seven months ago and is nervously awaiting news. Immigration authorities had told him to expect it within six months. He believes Wesal’s case has been put on hold because she’s from one of the six listed nations, despite the legal suspension of the executive orders. 
“It’s really scary, I don’t know what is going to happen to her, whether they will approve her case or not. I have no idea. I would like to go on vacation this summer. If we go outside, will she be able to come back?” asked her father.
“I worry her case will be pending forever.”
He also fears for his older brother in Jordan, who was approved for resettlement in the US with his wife and four children a year ago but is still going through the refugee process. Adam, 46, describes his 66-year-old brother as a politically active critic of the Sudanese government who would be killed if he was made to return to Sudan.
“He keeps calling himself ‘the most unluckiest person on Earth’,” said Adam.
•••
 
Saed Mohamoud, 56, is a pediatrician from Somalia who got separated from his wife and eight children when they fled the country’s civil war in 2011. 
When both his kidneys failed, Mohamoud was sent to Malaysia for medical treatment. He applied for refugee resettlement in 2012, and arrived in Decatur, Georgia in May 2014. In October that year, he petitioned for his family to join him in the US. 
His wife and kids (who range in age from nine to 20) are stuck in Ethiopia. They have jumped through nearly every hoop of the refugee application process and are just awaiting the last: a final health screening and then travel.
US refugee aid organizations here in the US had the family classified as “ready for departure”, but their application now appears as “on hold”, for reasons unknown. Their travel documents are only valid until 23 March and if they don’t leave before then, his wife and children will have to start the whole process again. 
Both versions of Trump’s travel ban included a cap of 50,000 refugees, down from 110,000 under the Obama administration. The suspension by a federal court in Hawaii on Wednesday night includes the cap on refugees, although more legal challenges of it are expected.
But it’s not just about having his family in one place – Mohamoud receives dialysis three times a week, too sick to work or cook for himself.
“Truly, in addition to this being a heartbreaking reunification, he literally needs a kidney and one of his children will be a match,” said Amy Crownover from New American Pathways, an organization who helps resettle refugees in Georgia.



ARTICLE
Ivanka Trump, who months ago stated her intention to be just “a daughter” to Donald Trump, has given her first television interview since being appointed to a formal White House position as “special assistant to the president”.
The first daughter toed a difficult line, seemingly embracing the role of policy “moderator” to her father, while at the same time telling CBS’s Gayle King: “I’m still my father’s daughter.”
“Where I disagree with my father, he knows it and I express myself with total candor. Where I agree, I fully lean in and support the agenda,” Trump said in the interview which aired on Wednesday.
She declined to offer any examples of issues or areas where she disagrees with her father, but asked viewers not to assume her silence – especially on social media – was equivalent to tacit agreement. 
“I would say not to conflate lack of public denouncement with silence,” Trump said. “I think there are multiple ways to have your voice heard … I don’t think that it will make me a more effective advocate to constantly articulate every issue publicly where I disagree.”
King raised Planned Parenthood, gay rights, women’s rights and climate change as issues where some might expect the younger Trump, who has called herself “absolutely” a feminist, to more publicly break with her father’s administration.
“We’re in a very unique time where noise equals, in a lot of people’s perception, advocacy. And I fundamentally disagree with that. I do think there’s a time for public denouncement … I also think there’s a time for discussion,” Trump said. “People who criticize me for not taking to social media on every single issue, I would ask them if that would render me more effective or less effective with the people ultimately making decisions?”
It was an interesting answer from the daughter and now adviser to a president whose hallmark has been opining on social media on most issues. But it also adds to confusion surrounding her, a public figure who has said so little, that the exact influence she plans to exert from her new White House role is entirely unclear. 
On climate change, for instance, Ivanka Trump has yet to offer a concrete public opinion one way or the other. She has met with former vice-president Al Gore and actor and activist Leonardo DiCaprio on the subject, both environmental activists and strong advocates for the overwhelming science of climate change, which signaled at least an openness to their ideas if nothing else. But she also has done nothing to publicly rebuke her father who has called the phenomenon a Chinese hoax, and “a bunch of bunk”.
The idea that Trump and her husband Jared Kushner could have a moderating impact on her father’s presidency has been a popular one since his candidacy began to gain serious traction, largely on the strength of bombastic, populist far-right pronouncements. At the 2016 Republican national convention, for example, Trump told the convention body that her father would fight for “equal pay for equal work” and for paid parental leave, both at odds with the party platform and the now president’s campaign rhetoric.
But many have also been wary of Trump as something of a wolf in sheep’s clothing. A “queer dance party” of hundreds protested outside Trump’s DC home on Sunday night to demand that she offer more than just “words of support” for LGBTQ people, Werk for Peace organizer Firas Nasr told the Huffington Post.
During the CBS interview, King asked Trump about the idea that she is “complicit” in the reckless tacks her father’s administration has taken: ostensibly for knowing better but not speaking up. Saturday Night Live has lampooned the first daughter on this point with a spoof advertisement for an Ivanka-Trump branded perfume simply called: “Complicit.”
But Trump sidestepped King, answering simply: “If being complicit is wanting to be a force for good and to make a positive impact, then I’m complicit.”
During the interview Trump bucked at the notion that her growing role in her father’s administration presented the opportunity for her to grow her personal clothing and lifestyle brand from a public office. “I would argue that if I had not come to Washington DC and if I was in New York growing my business I would be doing far better than by placing the restrictions that I have placed on my team, and ensuring that any growth is done with extreme caution.”
Trump placed her business into an “independent” trust run by her brother-in-law and sister-in-law. Last week financial disclosures from the White House revealed that Trump and Kushner are retaining scores of property assets as they transition into key players in the administration, fueling concerns of conflicts of interest.



ARTICLE
When Donald Trump first spoke at the largest annual gathering of conservative grassroots activists, he was loudly booed for taking a shot at one of their heroes.
The room erupted in jeers when Trump, in 2011, told the conservative political action conference (CPAC) that prominent libertarian Ron Paul “can not get elected”, partly because Congress was in recess.
Six years later, Trump will appear as the Republican president at the conservative confab that mixes policy, paranoia and partying in equal measures.
By day, it draws college students and ardent activists to speeches from elected officials and panels on topics such as If Heaven Has a Gate, a Wall and Extreme Vetting, Why Can’t America?
By night, the college kids, many of whom at past conferences have been passionate libertarian supporters of Ron and Rand Paul, start drinking and can go to parties where top Republican operative Grover Norquist tends bar, or a disgraced congressman can be spotted lounging in a hot tub.
The four-day event has been held in recent years at the Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center, a huge complex featuring a new casino that is placed just outside Washington on the Potomac river. While the location is geographically outside the Beltway, it is physically as convenient as possible to Alexandria, Virginia, the DC suburb that is the heart of the conservative political establishment. 
CPAC, though, has never been a place for country club, establishment Republicans. It was founded by the nascent conservative movement in the 1970s in a successful effort to move the Republican party to the right.
In recent years, it flatly refused to extend speaking invitations to Chris Christie, who was perceived as insufficiently conservative, and prevented a gay conservative group from sponsoring the event.
 In 2015, some attendees pointedly walked out when former Florida governor Jeb Bush spoke, believing that the son and brother of two Republican presidents was insufficiently conservative.
But the event has always flirted with the weirder fringes of the conservative moment. As far back as 2007, Ann Coulter called John Edwards a “faggot” from the stage, and in 2013, Sarah Palin appeared on stage slurping from a Big Gulp. 
Yet there was always an effort to keep the event within the mainstream. Fringe figures such as Frank Gaffney and Pamela Geller were denied platforms and, as a result, the conservative website Breitbart, which caters to the “alt-right”, sponsored an event in 2013 and 2014 called The Uninvited held in a nearby hotel. 
Gaffney, in particular, had been banned for his allegations that the Muslim Brotherhood was trying to infiltrate CPAC. The Uninvited did feature plenty of speakers who appeared at the main conference, such as Senator Ted Cruz. It wasn’t an all-out rival, simply a revised version – with extra hot sauce. 
In 2017, though, there is no need for the Uninvited; Breitbart is taking the main stage.
Despite the controversy surrounding the revoked invitation of former Breitbart editor Milo Yiannipoulos to speak, the site’s former editor and current senior White House aide, Steve Bannon, has a prime speaking slot.
Gaffney – whose controversial research at the Center for Security Policy was cited by Trump as justification for his Muslim ban – is back at the conference speaking about “the vulnerability of the electric grid”. 
Seven Breitbart employees will appear either as panelists or as interviewers. And, of course, the biggest speaker is Trump. 
In contrast, neither Ron nor Rand Paul, who won five of the conference’s last seven presidential straw polls, will appear, and more establishment Republican figures will be thin on the ground as well. Neither Paul Ryan nor Mitch McConnell will speak, and the only sitting US senator to appear will be Ted Cruz. 
But, it is a sign this is now Donald Trump’s CPAC. As the real estate developer said of Ron Paul in 2011, “I think he’s a good guy but honestly he has just zero chance of being elected. You have to win an election.” Trump won that election, and this will be first time that the conservative movement under Trump will be on full display.



ARTICLE
Would we allow a female leader to speak like Donald Trump?
That question inspired a new play that restages parts of the three 2016 presidential debates word-for-word and gesture-for-gesture – but with a woman depicting Donald Trump and a man playing Hillary Clinton.
Her Opponent was performed on Saturday night in New York City. On Friday, a rehearsal raised unexpected questions, some of them troubling. For instance, was the real Trump’s rhetoric offensive to liberals because it was delivered by a repugnant reality TV star?
“When a woman says it, it doesn’t sound as crazy,” said Maria Guadalupe, a professor at France’s INSEAD Business school and a co-creator with Joe Salvatore, clinical associate professor of educational theatre at New York University’s Steinhardt School, of the play. 
Did Clinton supporters not realize how much her hyper-polished political style alienated people?
“When a man [re-creates Clinton’s performance],” said Salvatore, “it feels like a lot of mansplaining.”
Salvatore voted for Clinton and describes himself as left-leaning. Seeing Clinton’s words performed by someone else left him “feeling unsettled” about that support.
At rehearsal on Friday, Clinton was played by Daryl Embry and Trump by Rachel Tuggle Whorton.
“When we cross gender but stay authentic to speech pattern, the audience is shaken awake and sees it differently,” said Salvatore, noting Bertolt Brecht’s belief in the need “to make the familiar strange”. 
As a man, Clinton seemed like a cliched and sleazy politician, overly polished, making grand promises. Her constant smiling felt more forced when a man did it, since it’s rare for men to fake smiles.
When Embry read out Clinton’s website address and book information, mid-debate, he seemed overwhelmingly smug.
Hearing someone else read Trump’s lines made it easier to focus on the content of what he was saying. Perhaps for the first time, I heard the clear messages: “more jobs” and “lower taxes”, criticisms of Clinton’s lack of action.
Female Trump felt like a feisty woman speaking from the heart. Perhaps that was because society expects women to be more dramatic and emotional.
When “Trump” talked about paying few taxes because “Clinton’s” buddies liked staying rich, and Tuggle Whorton said: “All your friends wouldn’t change it … he never will change,” it reminded me of conversations women have about men never changing.
“Clinton is more cerebral,” said Guadalupe. “Trump goes to the gut. When you catch people in the gut, it’s hard to reason.”
These were not new criticisms of Clinton, but the gender switch in Her Opponent let viewers rethink attitudes and misconceptions towards both candidates.
Guadalupe noted that the female Trumpalso had physical differences from the male version, such as height and voice range. The real Clinton had to deal with society’s expectations of how a woman is allowed to behave, demanding smiling and always being prepared. 
Her Opponent was performed on Saturday at the Provincetown Playhouse in the West Village, New York City. It was also streamed online.
The play will live on: Andrew Freiband, a film-maker and faculty member at the Rhode Island School of Design, planned to shoot and edit a re-creation.



ARTICLE
In late September 2016, Donald Trump held a rally in Melbourne, Florida, where he railed against the media and bragged about the size of the crowd. Five months later, elected president of the United States and having arrived in Air Force One to the music of the film Air Force One, he did it again.
“They have their own agenda. And their agenda is not your agenda.”
Speaking in an airplane hangar in front of a crowd of roughly 9,000 people, Trump returned time and time again to the speech lines of his campaign. “Life is a campaign,” he told reporters before taking the podium. “Making our country great again is a campaign. For me, it’s a campaign. To make America great again is absolutely a campaign. It’s not easy, especially when we’re also fighting the press.” 
“When the media lies to people I will never ever let them get away with it,” he said.
With his speech, Trump continued driving on his attack of reporters, newspapers and news networks, generalizing them as “the dishonest media”.
“We are not going to let the fake news tell us what to do, how to live and what to believe,” he said. “We are free, independent people and we will make our own choices.” Trump cited the press criticisms of Thomas Jefferson, Andrew Jackson and Abraham Lincoln as precedents in his war on the media. All three had combative relationships with the press, though Lincoln cultivated reporters and Jefferson once declared he would prefer “newspapers without government” rather than the reverse.
As in his campaign speeches, Trump bemoaned the state of domestic and foreign affairs claiming, “I and we inherited one big mess” and “we don’t win in any capacity”. As in the campaign, he boasted about the size of the crowd and his victory over the Democratic party, which he said had suffered “the greatest defeat in the history of the country”. 
The president was especially eager to deny a steady stream of reports of chaos, infighting and disarray in his first month in the White House, culminating last week when his national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was forced to step down amid scandal. “I promise you that the White House is running so smoothly,” Trump said. “So smoothly.”
Trump also once again continued his attacks on the ninth circuit court of appeals, which suspended the travel ban on seven predominantly Muslim nations. He claimed constitutional authority to make the ban – the courts have not ruled on its lawfulness – and said the judges were “picked by Obama”, though two of three were appointed by Jimmy Carter and George W Bush.
The president added, that the US knows “nothing” about refugees and visa-holders it has admitted into the country although approved people are extensively vetted through interviews and background checks. He said that he would roll out a new executive order in the coming days in order to address the court’s decision. “We don’t want people with bad, bad ideas coming into our country,” he said.
Trump also used his rally to repeat the claim that Intel was investing $7bn to build a factory in Arizona, creating about 3,000 jobs. However, the company had already announced the same factory back in 2011 when Barack Obama was in power.
Trump’s speech frequently echoed the nationalist rhetoric of his chief strategist, Steve Bannon, who has railed against globalization, wealthy “elites” and transnational trade deals. Trump yet again praised Britain’s vote to leave the EU and claimed to be part of a worldwide nationalist movement. 
“Erasing borders does not make people safer or more prosperous, it undermines democracy,” he said. “Look at Brexit. Much smaller example but it’s still something you can look at.”
The president promised to bridge “chasms of distrust” with “bridges of opportunity”, claiming: “The nation state remains the best model for human happiness and the American nation remains the greatest symbol of liberty.”
Trump is spending the holiday weekend in south Florida but has continued to work, according to White House staffers. On Saturday he met with candidates to replace Flynn at his private club, Mar-a-Lago, but in Melbourne he explained his unorthodox decision to hold a rally two hours north of Palm Beach. “I’m here because I want to be among my friends and among the people.”
The rally ended like so many others during Trump’s campaign. A pledge to “make America great again”, the Rolling Stones song You Can’t Always Get What You Want blaring in the background.



ARTICLE
As the first polls closed on 8 November, Hillary Clinton was preparing for the moment she would at long last take the stage as the first female president of the United States.
She instead found herself apologizing to Barack Obama hours later in a harrowing phone call, moments after conceding the presidential election to Donald Trump.
“Mr President, I’m sorry,” Clinton told Obama, who had contacted her to extend his condolences for her loss.
The phone call is one of several revelations in the new book Shattered, in which the journalists Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes chronicle Clinton’s 18-month quest to do what eluded her in 2008 and break “that highest, hardest glass ceiling”.
The book sheds particular light on the painful turn of events on election night, as Clinton watched the returns deviate dramatically from the path her campaign had so confidently predicted. 
Surrounded by family and aides at the Peninsula Hotel in Manhattan, she saw the first cracks emerge as the must-win state of Florida turned dicey. Steve Schale, among the most reliable Democratic strategists in the state, informed Clinton’s campaign they were short on votes.
As other battlegrounds began to crumble, a sober mood took hold in the suite. But soon, the authors wrote, aides began to blame each other as Bill Clinton grew increasingly upset and Hillary Clinton became withdrawn.
It was Obama, taking in the results with his own advisers in Washington, who broke up the slumber with a series of phone calls from the White House. Wisconsin, a Democratic stronghold, had just been called for Trump. Some states remained excruciatingly close, but the president was convinced of the outcome and did not want to question the legitimacy of the election as Trump had done just weeks earlier while facing off against Clinton in the debates.
“You need to concede,” Obama told Clinton after his political director had failed to persuade Clinton’s campaign manager, Robby Mook, on the point.
It took one more phone call from the president – to Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta – before she asked her close aide Huma Abedin for the phone and uttered the words she never thought she would say: “Congratulations, Donald. 
“I’ll be supportive of the country’s success, and that means your success as president,” Clinton said.
It was after her brief conversation with Trump that Clinton apologized to Obama.
The book is the second collaboration for Allen and Parnes, who in 2014 authored HRC, a detailed account of Clinton’s tenure at the helm of the state department, in anticipation of her second presidential run. 
As the first take on Clinton’s doomed campaign, they offer a behind-the-scenes view of the obstacles in her way – some familiar and others a consequence of the shifting American electorate. 
There is the familiar tension between the old guard that has for decades operated “Clintonworld” and the new blood that labored in Brooklyn to reinvent the campaign of one of the most well-known public figures in the world. 
The authors revisit the unexpected challenge from Bernie Sanders, whose insurgent campaign captured the wave of economic populism sweeping the country. The infighting amid the Democratic primaries, as Team Clinton struggled to decisively put away the senator, is a dominant theme of the book’s first half.
And then there are the emails.
The aftermath of Clinton’s decision to use a private email server as secretary of state, and subsequent discord among her inner circle over how to respond, is retold with the benefit of hindsight. We learn that Bill Clinton did not believe she should apologize, as neither he nor she felt there had been any wrongdoing.
Clinton eventually did apologize to the public in August 2015, six months after the server issue was first brought to light.
The role of Russian interference in the US election, now the subject of three investigations in Washington, is barely explored in the book, although the authors do say that Clinton’s former aides see it as one of the main reasons for her loss.
The effects of Trump’s nationalist campaign are also relegated to the backseat, as this is a story primarily told through how Clinton’s campaign adapted (or sometimes crucially didn’t) to the evolving political climate. Staffers were confident in their sophisticated voter modeling and analytics, and fatally failed to spot when they veered off target.
Clinton, for her part, carried a lingering doubt throughout the campaign. 
“Why aren’t they with me?” she asked of working class white people during the Democratic primaries. “Why can’t we bring them onboard?”
It was a question her campaign never quite answered.



ARTICLE
In a bid to court working-class voters, Donald Trump will sign an executive order on Tuesday to revamp a temporary visa programme used to bring foreign workers to fill jobs in the US.
The president will use a visit to a manufacturing company in Kenosha, Wisconsin, a crucial state he snatched from Hillary Clinton in the election, to promote his latest “Buy America Hire America” offensive.
This includes an attempt to redress alleged abuses in the H-1B visas, which are used largely by the tech industry, and on which has Trump shifted position several times during the election campaign.
H-1B visas admit 65,000 workers and another 20,000 graduate student workers each year. Most of the visas are awarded to outsourcing firms, which critics say exploit loopholes to fill lower-level IT jobs with foreign workers, often at lower pay. The White House intends “a total transformation” of the programme from a lottery to a merit-based system, a senior administration official said.
Trump’s executive order will call on government departments to introduce reforms to ensure that H-1B visas are awarded to the “most skilled or highest paid applicants”, the official told reporters.
“Right now H-1B visas are awarded by random lottery and many of you will be surprised to know that about 80% of H-1B workers are paid less than the median wage in their fields. Only 5% to 6%, depending on the year, of H-1B workers command the highest wage tier recognised by the Department of Labor.”
The official added: “The result is that workers are often brought in well below market rates to replace American workers, violating the principle of the programme, which is supposed to be a means for bringing in skilled labour. Instead, you’re a lot of times bringing in workers that are less skilled and lower paid than the workers they’re replacing.”
Perhaps the most notorious case cited during the campaign was at the Walt Disney Company in Florida, where American technology workers claimed they were laid off and forced to train foreign replacements. A judge dismissed a lawsuit that accused Disney of conspiring with outsourcing companies to violate visa laws.
The senior administration official said: “If you change that current system that awards visas randomly, without regard for skill or wage, to a skills-based awarding, it makes it extremely difficult to use the visa to replace or undercut American workers ... It’s a very elegant way of solving very systemic problems in the H-1B guest worker visa.”
He added: “I could foresee scenarios, which I won’t get into now, where you just have a whole different way of looking at immigration. This is a transitional step to get towards a more skills-based and merit-based immigration system.”
The executive order will also call for the “strict enforcement” of laws governing entry to the US of labour from overseas, with a view to creating higher wages and employment rates for US workers.
The order will also call on government departments to “take prompt action to crack down on fraud and abuse” in the immigration system, a senior administration official said.
There was a tense moment at Monday’s off-camera briefing when a reporter asked about Trump’s own hiring of temporary foreign guest workers at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida and other Trump properties. The official replied: “I think it’s important to understand that the job of the president of the United States is to set policy for federal government so any questions about a private company’s practices is not something I’m even able to speak to or answer.
“But I think during the campaign the president addressed this at length. I’m frankly surprised that you didn’t brief yourself before coming here ... I don’t know if you’re asking because you don’t know or you’re pretending you don’t know.”
Reforming the distribution of H-1B visas was reportedly discussed during the presidential transition with chief executives of tech companies at Trump Tower in New York. Attorney general Jeff Sessions has been a long-time critic.
Additional reporting by Lauren Gambino



ARTICLE
The US national security adviser, Michael Flynn, resigned late Monday amid a flow of intelligence leaks that he had secretly discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador to Washington and then tried to cover up the conversations.
The resignation, with the Trump era less than four weeks old, is the latest and most dramatic convulsion in the most chaotic start to an administration in modern US history. 
It was far from clear whether Flynn’s departure would steady an inexperienced and feuding White House, or resolve the lingering suspicions about the Trump team’s pre-election contacts with the Kremlin.
The White House issued a statement just after 11pm in Washington announcing the resignation, shortly after reports broke that the Trump administration had been warned weeks ago that Flynn might be vulnerable to Russian blackmail. 
The statement also named retired army general Joseph Kellogg, who goes by his middle name Keith, as acting national security adviser, pending the appointment of a permanent successor. It was reported that a third general, former CIA director David Petraeus, was due to meet Trump on Tuesday.
But Petraeus has legal issues of his own. He is currently nearing the end of two years of probation for sharing classified information with his biographer and lover, Paula Broadwell. 
In his resignation letter, Flynn claimed he had mistakenly misled the vice-president, Mike Pence, and other Trump officials about the nature of phone calls in December to the Russian ambassador, Sergei Kisilyak. When intelligence leaks about the communications began appearing last month, Pence and other White House officials insisted that the contact had only involved an exchange of Christmas greetings and arrangements for a future phone conversation between Trump and Vladimir Putin.
However, subsequent leaks suggested that they had been more substantial, and concerned sanctions the Obama administration was about to impose on Moscow for interference in the presidential elections. Intelligence officials claimed that Flynn had given the impression the sanctions might be lifted once the Trump administration came to office on 20 January.
“In the course of my duties as the incoming national security advisor, I held numerous phone calls with foreign counterparts, ministers, and ambassadors,” Flynn said in his resignation letter. “These calls were to facilitate a smooth transition and begin to build the necessary relationships between the president, his advisors and foreign leaders. Such calls are standard practice in any transition of this magnitude.
“Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the vice president elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador. I have sincerely apologized to the president and the vice president, and they have accepted my apology.”
Russian politicians offered a fierce defence of Flynn. Konstantin Kosachev, chairman of the foreign affairs committee at the upper chamber of the parliament, said in a Facebook post that firing a national security adviser for his contacts with Russia is “not just paranoia but something even worse”.
Kosachev’s counterpart at the lower chamber of the Russian parliament, Alexei Pushkov, tweeted shortly after the announcement that “it was not Flynn who was targeted but relations with Russia”.
On Monday afternoon, the White House appeared to struggle with how to handle the accusations. A White House statement that the president was “evaluating the situation” conflicted with White House counselor Kellyanne Conway telling reporters that Trump had “full confidence” in Flynn.
Flynn’s – and the Trump administration’s – problems run far deeper than the December phone calls with Kisilyak. The former Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) chief is also reportedly being investigated by the army for accepting money in late 2015 for a speaking engagement in Moscow, which could have breached military rules. Furthermore, the repeated and detailed leaks by a disgruntled and alarmed US intelligence community suggested that Flynn’s contacts with Kisilyak dated back to before the election, raising more questions about whether the Trump campaign had any knowledge of the Russian effort to skew the elections. 
A handful of intelligence agencies are looking into those suspicions, as are four separate congressional committees. Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on one of those panels, the House intelligence committee, demanded to know when contacts with Russian officials started and how far up the Trump chain of command did responsibility for those contact rest.
Schiff said: “The Trump administration has yet to be forthcoming about who was aware of Flynn’s conversations with the ambassador and whether he was acting on the instructions of the president or any other officials, or with their knowledge.”
At the time of his departure, Flynn appeared to have been losing a power struggle inside the White House in which the established institution and processes of the national security council (NSC) were being sidestepped by a small group of Trump advisors, led by Steve Bannon, Trump’s chief strategist and former head of Breitbart News, which has been a platform for the far right.
Alongside him are Stephen Miller, another rightwing ideologue, and Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law and adviser. They have set up the Strategic Initiatives Group, a parallel institution to the national security council inside the White House, which produces policies, in the form of quick-fire executive orders and memoranda, without consultation with the staff experts on the NSC. 
Ignored at best, berated at worst, the NSC career staff began leaking copiously about Trump’s erratic phone calls with other world leaders and other missteps, infuriating the president, who ordered leak investigations, further deepening the discontent and dysfunction inside the White House. Any successor to Flynn would face the same struggle for influence and the president’s ear as he did. 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump defended his unpredictable approach to foreign policy, which has shaken the political establishment and roiled activists across the country, during a speech at the annual interfaith prayer breakfast in Washington on Thursday.
The new administration has faced sustained backlash over an order which suspends the country’s refugee program and temporarily bars entry to the US to people from seven Muslim-majority countries. 
“The world is in trouble – but we’re going to straighten it out, OK?” Trump said at the National Prayer Breakfast, gesturing his hands for emphasis. 
“That’s what I do. I fix things. We’re going to straighten it out. Believe me. When you hear about the tough phone calls I’m having – don’t worry about it. Just don’t worry about it. They’re tough. We have to be tough, it’s time we’re going to be a little bit tough, folks. We’re taken advantage by every nation in the world, virtually. It’s not going to happen any more.” 
The breakfast came hours after news reports detailed an extraordinary phone call between Trump and the Australian prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, which was abruptly ended by Trump. The president reportedly bragged about the size of his electoral victory – despite losing the popular vote – but grew cross when Turnbull asserted that the US should honor an agreement struck by Barack Obama to accept 1,250 refugees from an Australian detention center. Overnight Trump tweeted that he would “study this dumb deal!”
Later White House press secretary Sean Spicer indicated the deal remained alive but said each of the refugees would have to go through “extreme vetting” before entering the US to ensure that they come with “peaceful intentions” and do not pose a threat to America. He said Trump was “unbelievably disappointed” about the “horrible deal” agreed between Turnbull and Barack Obama last year. And he claimed the call between the two leaders was “cordial”.
It also emerged on Wednesday that Trump had apparently threatened to send troops into Mexico to stop the “bad hombres down there” unless the country did a better job of controlling drug trafficking, in a call with Enrique Peña Nieto, the Mexican president. Peña Nieto recently canceled a meeting with Trump amid a row over whether his country would pay for the wall along the countries’ shared border.
During his speech on Thursday morning, Trump painted a vision of a world in chaos, scarred by “unimaginable violence carried out in the name of religion”. He spoke of the brutalization of “peace-loving Muslims”, the “threats of extermination” against the Jewish people and a “genocide against Christians, where they cut off heads – not since the Middle Ages have we seen that”.
Trump also said that the administration is days away from finalizing what he has called an “extreme vetting” system for immigrants and refugees, which he said would “ensure that those admitted into our country fully embrace our values of religious and personal liberty and that they reject any form of oppression and discrimination”.
“We want people to come into our nation, but we want people to love us and to love our values, not to hate us and to hate our values,” Trump said.
The US has one of the longest and most rigorous vetting processes for refugees in the western world. It can take up to two years for refugees to be resettled in the country and it is unclear how the administration intends to expand this process.
Trump promised to “get rid of and totally destroy” the so-called Johnson amendment, a provision prohibiting tax-exempt organizations such as churches from publicly endorsing political candidates. He repeatedly pledged to repeal the amendment during his campaign, joking: “I figure that’s one way I’m getting to heaven.”
Trump did not announce an executive order expanding “religious freedom”, which some had expected him to do. On Wednesday night, the Investigative Fund and the Nation published what they said was a leaked draft proposal of the order, which could allow LGBTQ employees to be fired or refused service by individuals or companies professing a religious objection.
Asked at his press briefing about these plans and whether “religious freedom” was code for discrimination against gay people, Spicer said the president believed that “we shouldn’t impose a religion on anybody”, and said that there were several potential orders under consideration on how to ensure that. 
He cited the example of a Catholic organization being required to provide contraception under the Affordable Care Act as an example of infringement on religious freedom.
“We have freedom of religion in this country, and I think people should be able to practice their religion, express their religion, express areas of their faith without reprisal,” Spicer said. “And I think that pendulum sometimes swings the other way in the name of political correctness.”
Later Spicer addressed a number of other global concerns. At his daily press briefing, he described the Treasury Department’s decision to ease some economic sanctions against Russia imposed by the Obama administration as “a regular course of action”.
And in response to mounting questions about a deadly raid in Yemen that killed a Navy Seal as well as civilians, Spicer said that the White House considered it a “successful operation”. He said it was difficult to call it a success because of the Chief Petty Officer William “Ryan” Owens has lost his life. 
An Iranian missile test and an attack on a Saudi warship by Iranian-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen would “not go unresponded to” Spicer said, a day after Trump’s the national security adviser, Michael Flynn, said Tehran was officially “on notice”.
Earlier the Republican House speaker, Paul Ryan, had continued to defend Trump’s controversial travel ban, insisting the moratorium on immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries was not based on religion.
“This is not a Muslim ban. If it were, I would be against it,” the House speaker told reporters in a press conference on Thursday on Capitol Hill. 
“This loose rhetoric that suggests this is a religious test or Muslim ban is wrong.”
Ryan, who forcefully condemned Trump’s proposal to ban all Muslims from the US during the 2016 campaign, pointed to previous legislation in Congress that aimed to crack down on immigration from countries deemed to be “high risk”. 
Ryan also downplayed the significance of language in Trump’s executive order stating that only religious minorities will be granted preference upon the renewal of refugee admissions from the Muslim-majority countries identified.
“Religious minorities are being persecuted,” Ryan said, while adding “there’s nothing wrong” with prioritizing them for entry.
At the prayer breakfast earlier Trump was introduced by Mark Burnett, producer of The Apprentice, who flattered the president by attributing the source of inspiration for his successful career to Trump’s book The Art of the Deal.
When it was Trump’s turn at the podium, he couldn’t resist the opportunity to boast about the reality show’s success during his time as host – and taunt his replacement, the former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger.
“And I want to just pray for Arnold if we can, for those ratings,” Trump said, drawing laughs after saying the show “went down the tubes” once he left.
In a video posted on Twitter soon after the president’s remarks, Schwarzenegger suggested the pair should switch jobs: “You take over TV, because you’re such an expert in ratings, and I take over your job, then people can finally sleep comfortably again.”
The audience at the prayer breakfast included Vice-President Mike Pence, who Trump praised as a “12” on a scale of 10; faith leaders from around the country; members of Congress; and two foreign dignitaries: King Abdullah of Jordan, and Samy Badibanga, the prime minister of the Democratic Republic of Congo.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump Jr said he has had essentially “zero contact” with the president of the United States since his father took office and handed management of his business, without divesting, to his two adult sons.
“I basically have zero contact with him at this point,” Trump Jr told about 1,000 Republicans at a fundraiser in Dallas, Texas, on Saturday night.
Federal law exempts the president from ethics rules regarding conflicts of interest, but the Office of Government Ethics (OGE), as well as conservative and liberal attorneys, have repeatedly told the White House its plan to separate Trump from his businesses does not go far enough. In January, Trump declined to divest from his sprawling business interests, the extent of which remains unclear, given his refusal to release tax returns in the tradition of other presidents. 
The White House has insisted that Trump has taken sufficient steps to remove himself from his businesses, promising, for instance, to give payments from foreign government guests, such as diplomats courted at Trump’s new Washington hotel, to the US treasury. In January, a group of ethics attorneys, including former counsels to George W Bush and Barack Obama, sued Trump, alleging that such payments violated the emoluments clause of the constitution.
Trump has said that his sons, 39-year-old Donald Jr and 33-year-old Eric, would take over day-to-day business management, and both continue to travel extensively in the US and abroad in the service of their family business. At the Republican fundraiser, Trump Jr said he missed elements of the presidential campaign.
“I thought I was out of politics after election day,” he said. “I thought I’d be going back to my regular job. I thought I’d be really excited about it. But once you get a little bit of a taste of that action, it’s hard to leave.
“You know, listen, deals are still exciting, but when you’re sort of the guy out there 24/7, every day, fighting in this thing – it’s like a great fight, the intensity.”
The president’s son said he did not expect to hold office himself. “I don’t miss the politics, I promise. I want nothing to do with the politics, but I miss the intensity of that,” he said.
The Texas senator Ted Cruz, a bitter rival during the presidential primary who eventually endorsed Trump, also spoke at the event. During the campaign, Trump Jr said his father did not need Cruz’s support, and that the senator could not defeat him “without bribing” for votes. As a candidate, Trump spread a baseless conspiracy theory that Cruz’s father had been involved in the assassination of John F Kennedy.
On Saturday night, Trump Jr joked about this acrimony, noting that Cruz and his family had dinner with the president this week. “I don’t even know that I have to deliver a punchline to that, but it’s sort of ironic,” he said. “Who would’ve thought a year ago that Ted Cruz would be having dinner with my father and I basically have zero contact with him at this point?” 
Trump’s children have visited the White House since their father’s inauguration, and the president has appointed his son-in-law, the real estate scion Jared Kushner, to a senior adviser role. In January, experts in ethics law expressed anxiety that Kushner’s appointment, although cleared by the justice department, ran afoul of federal anti-nepotism law. Trump’s daughter Ivanka has said she would resign from her business roles, but an endorsement of her branded products by another White House adviser, Kellyanne Conway, violated ethics rules, according to the OGE.
According to documents first published by ProPublica in February, the president has set up a revocable trust, run by Trump Jr and a Trump Organization official, “to hold assets for the exclusive benefit” of the president. The family’s south Florida golf club, Mar-a-Lago, doubled its entrance fee to $200,000 after Trump’s inauguration.
The White House has so far declined to say directly whether taxpayer dollars are directly profiting the Trump Organization, though its leaders have boasted of indirect benefit. In an interview at a Trump hotel this week, Eric Trump told the New York Times: “I think our brand is the hottest it has ever been.”
In court documents filed last month, a lawyer for the first lady, Melania Trump, argued that her position afforded a “unique, once-in-a-lifetime opportunity” to establish “multimillion-dollar business relationships” because of her new status as “one of the most photographed women in the world”.
The Department of Homeland Security declined to comment on whether the federal agency was renting space in Manhattan’s Trump Tower, Mar-a-Lago, or any other Trump-owned property. Trump has visited his properties nine times in just over seven weeks of his presidency, most recently a Virginia golf club on Saturday.
Trump Hotels has planned to develop a $50m property in downtown Dallas, though the building would bear the organization’s new brand, Scion. The project is currently being developed with international investors and a Turkish businessman, Mukemmel “Mike’’ Sarimsakci, according to the Dallas Morning News, despite Sarimsakci’s history of lawsuits and tax trouble. A spokeswoman told the newspaper this week that the Trump Organization had no signed agreement with Sarimsakci.
A company representative did not immediately respond to follow-up questions asked by the Guardian.



ARTICLE
The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, expressed contrition on national television Tuesday after he was widely condemned for claiming that Adolf Hitler, who gassed millions of Jews during the Holocaust, did not use chemical weapons.
Comparing the Nazi leader with Syria’s Bashar al-Assad, Spicer told journalists during his regular press briefing at the White House: “We didn’t use chemical weapons in world war two. You had someone as despicable as Hitler who didn’t even sink to using chemical weapons.”
Asked to clarify the remarks, he added: “I think when you come to sarin gas, he was not using the gas on his own people the same way that Assad is doing.”
A reporter in the room shouted that Jews had been targeted. Stuttering and gesticulating, Spicer stumbled on: “Thank you, I appreciate that. There was not in the – he brought them into the Holocaust centres – I understand that. But I’m saying in the way that Assad used them, where he went into towns, dropped them down into the middle of towns.
“So, the use of it, I appreciate the clarification. That was not the intent.”
Spicer attempted once again to explain himself in an early evening appearance on CNN, and issued an apology.
“I was obviously trying to make a point about the heinous acts that Assad had made against his own people last week, using chemical weapons and gas. Frankly, I mistakenly made an inappropriate and insensitive reference to the Holocaust, for which there is no comparison,” Spicer said in an interview with Wolf Blitzer. “And for that I apologize. It was a mistake to do that.”
More than 6 million Jews were murdered, along with large numbers of Gypsies, gay people, political dissidents and others, during the Holocaust. Many were killed in gas chambers with chemical gas agents such as Zyklon B. It is unclear if Spicer’s reference to “Holocaust centres” was to the gas chambers or to concentration camps or something else.
The statement came on the first day of Passover, the Jewish holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish people from slavery in Egypt. The holiday is one of the holiest days in Judaism and has been used a metaphor for the oppression that Jews faced throughout history, including under Nazi Germany.
Spicer’s misstep came after controversy in January, when the White House issued a statement to commemorate International Holocaust Remembrance Day, the anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz, that did not mention Jews, Judaism or antisemitism. Donald Trump’s chief strategist, Steve Bannon, is the former head of Breitbart News, which has been accused of whipping up antisemitism. Further, Seb Gorka, a top White House foreign policy official, has been tied to the Hungarian group Vitez Rand, which allegedly has historical links to Nazi Germany.
Prior to his CNN appearance, Spicer tried to clarify his comments. “In no way was I trying to lessen the horrendous nature of the Holocaust,” he said in an emailed statement. “I was trying to draw a distinction of the tactic of using airplanes to drop chemical weapons on population centers. Any attack on innocent people is reprehensible and inexcusable.”
But condemnation of his remarks was swift. Ben Cardin, top Democrat on the Senate foreign relations committee, tweeted: “Someone get @PressSec a refresher history course on Hitler stat #Icantbelievehereallysaidthat.”
Brian Schatz, a Democratic senator from Hawaii, tweeted: “I find nothing funny about the Press Secretary bungling holocaust history. Because I’m not sure they should get the benefit of the doubt.” Both Cardin and Schatz are Jewish.
The strongest condemnation came from the House Democratic leader, Nancy Pelosi, who said in a statement: “While Jewish families across America celebrate Passover, the chief spokesman of this White House is downplaying the horror of the Holocaust. Sean Spicer must be fired, and the President must immediately disavow his spokesman’s statements. Either he is speaking for the President, or the President should have known better than to hire him.”
Democratic congressman John Yarmuth, from Kentucky, tweeted: “There’s no excuse for Holocaust denial from the White House. It’s an insult to all Americans, Jewish or not, as well as the Nazis’ victims.”
The National Jewish Democratic Council also condemned the remarks, calling Spicer’s remarks “inappropriate and insulting”, adding: “It’s unsurprising, especially given this administration’s tendency to be too casual when it comes to their relationship with the Jewish community. Hitler used chemical weapons. Period. No amount of clarification or walking back from the press secretary’s office should be accepted for Spicer’s horrific mistake. We demand a full apology and a promise that these sorts of dangerous comparisons by the Trump administration are over.”
A chemical weapons attack on 4 April in northern Syria left nearly 90 people dead, and the US has blamed Assad. Turkey’s health minister said on Tuesday that test results confirmed sarin gas was used.



ARTICLE
The first commandment for public relations officers (aka communications directors) is: “Don’t become the story you’re trying to manage.” So, perhaps shortly before his move to run communications at United Airlines, it’s instructive to grease the White House slipway for Sean Spicer.
He makes huge mistakes of the “even Hitler” never stooped to using chemical weapons on “his own people” variety. But it’s the countless little mistakes – the “Joe” Trudeau, or the Aussie PM called “Malcolm Trumball” – that have sapped Spicer so. He has become a running gag. If he served a popular boss who was pursuing popular policies, that might be survivable. But Spicer is really Little Gag doing Big Gag’s botched work. He’s a bargain-basement version of his boss.
When he goes, Trump will need a grey, competent, utterly forgettable secretary in charge of the press. The difficulty, out on the Trump right of politics, is knowing whether such a tedious paragon exists.
The longtime editor of the Sunday Telegraph, Ian MacGregor, becomes its editor emeritus, charged with “acting as a bridge between the editorial and commercial arms of the business”. (Which is what I thought modern editors did already.) MacGregor’s deputy, Allister Heath, takes over while remaining “head of business”. One foot forward, one tap-dancing on the spot. And simple old questions of yesteryear – such as, who edits this paper? – disappear further into the mists of emeritus murk.



ARTICLE
This week, as Trump nears the 100 days mark, we find conservatives considering HBO dramas and liberal conspiracy theories. For some, their legal troubles are beginning to interfere with their on-air performances. Others are considering how the elevation of Neil Gorsuch to the supreme court might help conservatives get what they want on guns and abortion.
Even if Trump is bringing us to the brink of war, on the right at least, life goes on. 
Publication: The New York Times
Author: Ross Douthat – whom we’ve talked about before – is the New York Times’s most genteel reactionary.
Why you should read it: You never would have guessed it, but it turns out HBO’s Girls has a strong appeal to conservative pundits. Douthat contrasts it with the machismo of other golden age TV programming like the Sopranos or Breaking Bad, and its less edgy urban-ensemble predecessors like Friends. 
In his (conservative) reading, it is a parable about the anomie and confusion that have descended on millennials living after the end of patriarchy, and the failure of traditional masculinity. Feminism’s final victory will come as news to many women, as will the idea that Girls’s notoriously selective representational choices adequately conveyed any broad social transitions. Many will notice how Douthat turns it into a story about how women can’t really handle their own emancipation, and, weirdly, into a story that is mostly about men. 
Extract: “But Girls was a show in which any kind of confident male authority or presence was simply gone, among most of the older characters as well as among the millennial protagonists. The show’s four girls had mostly absent fathers (the only involved and caring one came out as gay midway through the show) and few Don Draper-esque bosses to contend with. The toxic bachelors they dated were more pathetic than threatening, and the ‘sensitive’ guys still more so; even the most intense relationships they formed were semi-pathological. A few men on the show (the oldest of the younger characters, most notably) exhibited moral decency and some sort of idealism, a few were genuinely sinister – but mostly the male sex seemed adrift, permanently boyish, a bundle of hormonal impulses leagues away from any kind of serious and potent manhood.”
Publication: National Review
Author: Jonathan S Tobin not only bashes out loads of content for National Review, he also works as senior online editor at Commentary, and even has a syndicated column in the Jerusalem Post. You may have seen him performing as a conservative talking head on cable news. 
Why you should read it: In a political climate saturated in bad faith, one of the standard moves in is false equivalency. Authors will promote their own arguments by claiming to show how all those to the left and to the right of them share a common delusion. If they are able to characterize all of those disagreeing as “extremists” or “conspiracy theorists”, so much the better. Tobin directs his piece at “the left” (by which he seems to mean Clinton partisans) and the “alt-right” – two groups that have little in common beyond being disagreeable to him. 
Despite the dodgy framing, he does manage to raise some pertinent questions about the persistence and obsessiveness of the liberal belief that the Kremlin is pulling all the strings in American politics. Conspiracy theories are no longer restricted to the margins of American life. 
Extract: “Conspiracy theories are as old as the republic. But what is different about their current iteration is that their advocates are not contained, as they used to be, to the fever swamps of American life. They now have platforms that are far closer to the mainstream. Each of the last three presidents before Trump inspired derangement syndromes among their opponents, each iteration noisier and more influential than the last. But today, we are presented with an environment in which conspiracy theories are not a sideshow but a staple of political debate.”
Publication: First Things
Author: Hadley Arkes, a political scientist, is a professor emeritus at Amherst College. His qualifications put him ahead of your average rightwing hack, but they may not make it more likely that you agree with him. 
Why you should read it: Even by the verbose standards of First Things, this is punishingly long. But if you care about maintaining reproductive freedoms, it is worth your time. 
Arkes is a professor at Amherst, a Scalia acolyte, a right-to-life Christian, and a conservative true believer. His piece is one of two this week that shows the right coming to terms with the Gorsuch appointment, and the possibility that there will be more conservative appointments during Trump’s tenure. He urges conservative legalists to put aside their limited ambitions of simply striking down Roe v Wade, and to start thinking about how the federal government might be able to reach down into lower jurisdictions by finding anti-abortion rights arguments in the constitution. The godless Trump is stoking the Christian right’s ambitions – if there is a fight for abortion rights, they would like it to be on this terrain. 
Extract: “But we would see the most remarkable change if the writers in the majority take the time to do what Justices White and Rehnquist never thought worth doing years ago in Roe. The justices on the current court will do the real work of jurisprudence if they draw on the briefs, take the time to set forth the evidence, and show why the state or the federal government has a compelling case for casting around infants in the womb the full protection of the law. And if the conservative justices do that – if they take up the task of explaining the justification for laws that protect innocent life – they will do as much as a jurisprudence of natural law need ever do.”
Publication: The American Conservative
Author: Frank Miniter has written books including The Ultimate Man’s Survival Guide: Recovering the Lost Art of Manhood, This Will Make a Man of You, and The Future of the Gun. Safe to say he is concerned with second amendment issues. 
Why you should read it: The second of our constitutional takes this week raises the prospect that the supreme court may find that there is a constitutional right to carry a gun. Peruta v San Diego is seeking to test what the plaintiff sees as excessively strict interpretation of concealed-carry regulations by local officials in California. If Scotus hears it, and the plaintiff wins, the ninth circuit’s support of local enforcement will be overturned, and a right to carry concealed firearms may be established. Miniter welcomes this; few progressives will. In an age of mass shootings, we need to pay attention to developing conservative arguments on this issue. 
Extract: “If this case makes it to the high court – and if the supreme court then rules as it did in Heller and McDonald – a decision could dismantle other onerous restrictions on a person’s ability to obtain a permit to carry a concealed handgun. It is a stretch to speculate that this could make America into a shall-issue nation, meaning local authorities would be forced to grant anyone a permit to carry a weapon who was not legally barred from doing so; still, the ramifications of such a decision would be profound.”
Publication: Infowars
Author: Alex Jones is one of a few rightwing commentators whose career is imperiled by legal troubles. Unlike Bill O’Reilly, he has very few advertisers who are likely to be concerned with any blow to his respectability. 
Why you should watch it: Alex Jones finds himself in a tricky spot at the moment, mired as he is in messy divorce proceedings. According to his wife, there is no difference between his onscreen and off-screen personae – allegedly he even removes his shirt in therapy sessions. But his lawyers are arguing that his rants are “performance art” in order to counter his ex-wife’s allegations that he is an unfit parent. The problem is that post-Trump, he is a national figure – even a household name – and all of this has being widely reported. How to convince his followers that he is not a fraud? Dubiously, he’s opted for a series of videos showing all the times that he has played dress-up in the studio. 
Extract: Watch the whole video, and the bonus clips, and then put yourself in the place of a juror deciding whether this man should care for children. 



ARTICLE
The state of Washington has asked a federal court to extend a national injunction so that it halts Donald Trump’s revised travel ban, as the coalition of Democratic-led states challenging the president’s controversial order continues to grow.
The motion, filed in a district court in Seattle on Monday morning, argues that core parts of Trump’s new ban essentially reinstate parts of the old order, which was chaotically rolled out by the administration in January and was subsequently blocked with a restraining order by the US district court judge James Robart. Robart’s ruling was unanimously upheld by a federal appeals court in February. 
Also on Monday, Senator Dianne Feinstein of California announced that she had introduced a bill with 36 other Democrats to repeal the travel ban through Congress, and the American Civil Liberties Union filed a new challenge against the policy.
Trump’s revised order, announced last week, bans visa approvals from six Muslim-majority countries for 90 days and suspends the US refugee resettlement program for 120 days but includes new exemptions and removes language that singled out religious minorities and certain nationalities. Robart’s restraining order had prevented Trump from implementing similar tenets of his old order, including suspension of the refugee program and banning entry for individuals from seven Muslim-majority countries.
The motion to halt this new order argues that the administration “cannot evade the injunction by announcing that it will continue only some of the illegal policies”, adding: “The court should reject this attempt to evade its authority and should exercise its broad power to enforce its injunction.”
It also points to interviews given by senior administration officials, including the president’s senior adviser Stephen Miller and press secretary Sean Spicer, who have publicly stated that the second order would achieve “the same basic policy outcome” as the first order. 
The ACLU complaint, filed Monday afternoon in California on behalf of several people impacted by the ban, alleges that Trump’s order has circumvented federal laws, exceeded his constitutional authority and discriminated based on nationality. 
The Washington case has become the focal point of resistance to Trump’s revised order, with the Democratic-led states of Minnesota and Oregon already part of the challenge and the states of New York, Maryland, Massachusetts and California requesting to join the legal action. 
The new motion sets up a prospective last-minute showdown with the federal government. In reply, Judge Robart instructed justice department attorneys to respond by Tuesday, with a hearing potentially lined up for Wednesday, the day before the new order goes into effect. A separate challenge lodged by the state of Hawaii is also due to be heard in federal court on Wednesday. 
“No one is above the law, not even the President – and I will hold him accountable to the Constitution,” said Washington state’s attorney general, Bob Ferguson, in a statement issued on Monday.
Ferguson had initially announced his request for an extension of the restraining order last week, but was informed by Robart that he would need to make a formal request to the court. 
The new motion contains dozens of examples of people and institutions from the states involved who are caught up in Trump’s new ban, including families torn apart by the order, educational institutions that say they will suffer as a result, and local business and religious organizations that will also be affected. 
“When President Trump issued the first Executive Order, it immediately tore families apart, causing significant stress and financial hardships,” the motion states. “Many families will suffer a similar fate under the second Executive Order. They will be unable to reunite with relatives, receive visits and plan for the future.” 
The ACLU is representing Eric Miller, a University of California physics graduate student who is collaborating with an Iranian scientist. The researcher was supposed to visit the US in April but would be barred by the ban. 
The complaint was also filed on behalf of a California woman who recently married a Syrian national living in the United Arab Emirates.
“She can’t begin her married life with him,” Julia Harumi Mass, ACLU senior staff attorney, said in an interview. “It’s obviously extremely disruptive and harmful.” 
The suit claims that the executive order violates the plaintiffs’ free exercise of religion and their equal-protection and due process rights. 
“The new executive order was motivated by the same anti-Muslim bigotry as the original,” Mass said. “It’s still prejudice, because it’s still targeting people based on not what they’ve done and not the actual threats they pose, but the countries they are from.” 
Other plaintiffs in the suit include a native of Iran and US permanent resident, whose wife is barred entry under the ban, as well as a nonprofit organization that serves refugees.
Feinstein has not yet revealed the details of her bill to seek repeal of the order. But in January, after Trump’s first order, she introduced two bills in Congress that she said were intended to prevent Trump from blocking entire categories of immigrants unilaterally. 



ARTICLE
The Trump administration unveiled what it called the biggest tax cuts “in history” on Wednesday, in a move that will simplify the US tax system, slash taxes for businesses large and small – including Trump’s own – eliminate inheritance taxes and set the president on a collision course with Congress over the likely $2tn-plus cost of the proposal.
Critics immediately called it “basically a huge tax cut for the rich”.
The plan would cut the US’s individual income tax brackets from seven to three (10%, 25% and 35%) and slash US corporate tax rates from 35% to 15%. “We have a once-in-a-generation opportunity to do something really big,” said Gary Cohn, chief economic adviser to Donald Trump. “This is about growing the economy, creating jobs.”
Cohn and Steven Mnuchin, the treasury secretary, were short on details of the plan that, if passed, would be the largest overhaul of the US tax system since the Reagan era. “We are moving as quickly as we can,” said Mnuchin.
The announcement comes amid a continuing row over Trump’s own taxes, with members of his own party asking for him to release his returns before pressing ahead with tax reforms. Trump has long claimed he might release these documents at the end of what he says is a long-running audit, but Mnuchin said on Wednesday that the president “has no intention” of releasing his tax returns to the public.
As well as slashing costs for his own businesses, the new proposals will also cut the alternative minimum tax (AMT), a tax designed to stop the super-wealthy from taking so many tax deductions that they avoid paying anything. Leaked documents have shown that in 2005 Trump paid $31m in tax thanks to the AMT.
Mnuchin and Cohn were pressed on how Trump would benefit from the proposals, but they avoided the questions. “What this is about is creating job and economic growth,” Mnuchin said. He described the proposals as “the biggest tax cut and the largest tax reform in the history of our country”.
The president will not be the only Trump administration official to benefit from the tax cuts. His cabinet is the richest in history and includes several billionaires.
The proposal also gets rid of almost all tax deductions, including those for state and local taxes. This creates a significant increase in tax for residents of high-tax states such as California and New York. It does leave in place existing tax dedications for charitable donations and home mortgage payments.
Mnuchin refused to commit as to whether the tax cuts would end up being revenue neutral, saying the administration was “working on a lot of details”. However, he said he felt confident that the tax cuts would “pay for [themselves] through growth, reduction of deductions, and closing loopholes”. The treasury secretary did insist, though, that “the deficit is a problem and the president is concerned about that”.
Trump has long heralded tax cuts, particularly on corporations, as a major component of his economic plan. In his joint address to Congress in February, the president previewed his proposals, saying: “My economic team is developing historic tax reform that will reduce the tax rate on our companies so they can compete and thrive anywhere and with anyone.” He added: “It will be a big, big cut.”
But on the campaign trail, he also consistently pledged to cut the US’s $19tn deficit “big-league” and “very quickly”. A 20-percentage-point cut to corporate tax rates alone would add $2.4tn to the national debt, according to the nonpartisan pressure group Americans for Tax Fairness. Frank Clemente, executive director, called the proposal a “reckless” plan “for massive tax giveaways to corporations, the wealthy, and his own family” in return for adding trillions of dollars to the national debt.
“So, how would Trump’s White House make up the shortfall? By drastic cuts to essential services and lowering the standard of living for regular American families. Unacceptable,” said Clemente. “The White House line that ‘tax cuts will pay for themselves’ is a lie that has been debunked repeatedly, including by the conservative Tax Foundation. We will fight this tax plan tooth and nail, and we’ll be joined by Americans of all political stripes in doing so.” 
The plan faces significant obstacles because of the need for Democratic support, and “reconciliation” rules that place strict limits on any tax cuts that result in increases to the deficit.
The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, indicated on Tuesday that Republicans would have to use the reconciliation process, which requires tax cuts to be balanced out with spending cuts. “I think it’s pretty clear we’re going to have to use a reconciliation vehicle because today’s Democratic party is very different from the Democratic party in the 80s,” McConnell said.
In a joint statement with McConnell, fellow Republicans including the House speaker, Paul Ryan, the House ways and means chair, Kevin Brady and the Senate finance chair, Orrin Hatch, gave cautious praise to the administration’s proposals. “The principles outlined by the Trump administration today will serve as critical guideposts for Congress and the administration as we work together to overhaul the American tax system and ensure middle-class families and job creators are better positioned for the 21st-century economy.”
The Republican congressman Tom Cole, from Oklahoma, said he envisioned a “very complex” path forward on tax reform. 
One notable tax missing from Wednesday’s briefing was the “border adjustability tax”, a proposal to tax goods imported into and sold in the United States championed by Ryan.
The tax, backed by House Republicans, was supposed to serve as a means to offset any loss in revenue from corporate tax cuts but ran into opposition from major corporate interests, including retailers and automobile manufacturers.
 Trump reportedly abandoned his support for the border adjustment tax, although Mnuchin did not definitely rule it out.“I don’t think it’s dead,” Cole said of the border adjustment tax. “I’m very worried about blowing a huge hole in the deficit.”
The tax policy was panned by deficit hawks. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget (CRFB) estimated it would cost between $3-$7tn, using a baseline estimate of roughly $5.5tn because of its vagueness.
In its analysis, the Trump proposals would “increase debt to 111 percent of Gross Domestic Product (compared to 89 percent of GDP in CBO’s baseline) by 2027. That would be higher than any time in US history, and no achievable amount of economic growth could finance it.”
In a scathing statement, the group’s president, Maya McGuineas, said: “It seems the administration is using economic growth like magic beans – the cheap solution to all our problems. But there is no golden goose at the top of the tax cut beanstalk, just mountains of debt.”
However, David McIntosh, the president of the influential conservative group Club for Growth, praised the plan as “massively pro-growth”. He added: “This is the tax plan that the American people supported when they elected President Trump, so House Republicans would do well to give it their full support.”
Democrats condemned the proposals. Senator Bob Casey of Pennsylvania, who is facing re-election in 2018 in a state that Trump won, said in a statement: “This scheme is a massive tax giveaway to millionaires, billionaires and big corporations at the expense of middle-class families in Pennsylvania.
 Dick Durbin of Illinois, the No 2 Democrat in the Senate, said in a statement: “President Trump should release his own tax returns if he wants to have any credibility in a debate about America’s tax code.”
The plans have split experts. Hunter Blair, budget analyst at the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute, said the proposals were “basically a huge tax cut for the rich”.
“According to the treasury, 43% of corporate tax is paid for by the top 1%. We have tried this supply-side economics before; trickle down just doesn’t work,” he said.
Chris Edwards, director of tax policy studies at the libertarian Cato Institute, said cuts in corporate tax rates in the UK and Canada had not led to lost revenues. “There is a huge amount of [tax] avoidance right now and a huge effort to park overseas. That money would come back if rates fell,” he said.



ARTICLE
Two former US science advisers have warned against restrictions on scientists’ freedom to speak out on contentious issues like climate change, which they say could result in laws being made on the basis of false evidence.
John Holdren, who was science adviser to Barack Obama until last month, said that Donald Trump’s team already appeared to be taking “a more comprehensive, more draconian and more oppressive” approach to vetting scientists’ communications than previous administrations. According to Holdren, a series of memos and public statements by administration officials has amounted to a clear message: “Nobody talks to anybody without permission from the team at the White House.”
Neal Lane, who was acting science adviser during the Clinton administration, said that if early indications of a clampdown on federal agency communications are indicative of a long-term strategy, the public could be misled about evidence on politically sensitive issues.
 “It looks like this administration plans to control everything that goes out,” said Lane, who is now senior fellow in science and technology policy at Rice University in Houston. “I’d be fearful that we’ll get wrong statements about science, false information about science.”
The comments came ahead of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) annual meeting in Boston, where leading scientists will hold a series of meetings looking at how to respond to the Trump administration’s policies on climate change, communication and immigration restrictions.
Speaking to the press on Thursday morning, the AAAS CEO, Rush Holt, said: “When officials use a phrase like ‘alternative facts’ without embarrassment, you know there’s a problem.
“Ideological assertions have been crowding out evidence in public and private debates and in policymaking,” Holt added. “It’s reaching the point where people are truly troubled by what this means for the practice of science.”
Also addressing the conference, Barbara Schaal, the AAAS president, said: “This kind of situation where evidence is discarded, where it’s modified, where it’s morphed, is very disconcerting. If we’re going to have a conversation about the role of lead or arsenic in drinking water, we need to know the facts about how many parts per million have what health consequences.”
A number of attempts to suppress federal science communications have been reported since Trump took office, but questions remain over whether these stem from an overarching White House strategy or simply run-of-the-mill move to limit public statements until new federal agency chiefs are in post. 
Last month, it was reported that scientists at the Department for Agriculture had been banned by the division’s chief of staff from publicly sharing photos, fact sheets, tweets or summaries of their research, but the order was quickly rescinded. Similarly, the Environmental Protection Agency’s climate change pages remain intact, despite reports that the Trump administration had ordered the EPA to purge any mention of the issue from its website – although mentions of climate policy have been removed from White House pages.
Holdren argues that the series of restrictions being placed on federal agency scientists has gone beyond what is normal for a transition and notes that there has been no attempt by the White House to dispel rumours of a clampdown.
Holdren also expressed concern about the proposed revival of the so-called Secret Science bill, which he said could stifle freedom of speech and the regulatory powers.
“The bill is really an attempt to squelch … and intimidate climate scientists,” he said. “It is a transparent attempt to reduce the effectiveness of the government science enterprise in domains that are politically controversial.”
Lane said that it was likely that any chilling effects of new legislation would be felt most in politically sensitive areas, such as climate change.
“Scientists just have to stay above the fray here and when scientists are literally under attack and being demonised, the community has to embrace them and defend them – maybe even with money if they have to defend themselves in court,” he said. “It’s been ugly and could get uglier.”
Fears about new controls over the communication of climate data have already triggered a wave of activism, including the emergence of “shadow” federal agency datasets and social media accounts online. 
Last weekend, coders held a hackathon at the University of California, Berkeley to archive federal climate data outside of government servers and a series of non-official Twitter accounts, such as @roguenasa, have sprung up.
Keith Cowing, a Nasa scientist turned journalist who runs the insider website Nasa Watch, said that the “rogue” movement’s main achievement so far appeared to be causing a stir in the media.
“All these so-called rogue Twitter accounts don’t do anything,” he said. “They just talk about each other, there’s an immense about of noise.”
However, he predicted the movement could play a more powerful role in the event of a clampdown on the communication of scientific research. “What will happen if Nasa or Noaa is ordered to take down a database to prevent its dissemination, it will cause it to appear on multiple websites around the world immediately,” he said. “If they attempt to make this go away, it will be like throwing a rock into a puddle of mud.”
 While the data might survive, the public could be left confused about where to seek out reliable information. “On one hand it’s hooray for truth, on the other hand … how can you believe it? It’s not the official government website.”
 




ARTICLE
The leaders of the Senate intelligence committee have pledged that their investigation of Russian interference in last year’s presidential election will be independent and bipartisan, as a bitter dispute continues to cloud a similar inquiry in the House of Representatives.
In a good-humoured and tactile show of unity on Wednesday, Republican senator Richard Burr and his Democratic counterpart Mark Warner told reporters that they owe it to America, and the world, to “follow the intelligence wherever it leads”. Their first public hearing takes place tomorrow, with former NSA chief Keith Alexander being the most prominent witness.
Burr, the committee chairman, initially deflected questions about alleged collusion between Trump’s associates and Moscow, insisting: “We would be crazy to try to draw conclusions from where we are in the investigation.” 
But asked whether Trump was directly involved, he acknowledged: “We know that our challenge is to answer that question for the American people in our conclusions.”
US intelligence agencies found that Russian-backed hackers meddled in last November’s election with the intention of hurting Hillary Clinton’s campaign and helping Trump. Emails from the Democratic National Committee and Clinton’s campaign manager, John Podesta, were hacked and released via WikiLeaks.
Warner gave an insight into the extent of the covert Russian operation and said it was important to put the public on alert because of a fundamental threat to democracy, in the US and abroad. 
This included reports of “upwards of a thousand paid internet trolls working out of a facility in Russia, in effect taking over a series of computers, which are then called a botnet. They can then generate news down to specific areas … in Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, where you would not have been receiving – whoever your vendor may have been – ‘Trump versus Clinton’, but instead ‘Clinton is sick’ or ‘Clinton is taking money from some source’. Fake news.”
Warner added: “If you Google ‘election hacking’ during the period leading up to the election and immediately afterwards, you wouldn’t get Fox or ABC or New York Times. What you get is four out of the first five stories that popped up were Russian propaganda: RT News, Sputnik, others.”
The two senators said they also wanted to publicise Russia’s attempts to influence upcoming polls in Europe. Burr said it was safe to assume the Russians were “actively involved” in the forthcoming French election, adding: “We feel part of our responsibility is to educate the rest of the world what’s going on because it’s now into character assassination of candidates.”
Burr, who served as a security adviser to Trump’s campaign, confirmed that he voted for the Republican nominee but said he had not coordinated with the White House on the reach of the investigation, which he described as one of the biggest of his congressional career.
He said: “This investigation’s scope will go wherever the intelligence leads it, so it is absolutely crucial that every day we spend trying to separate fact from fiction and to find some intelligence thread that sends us to the factual side of all the names and all the places that you in this room have written about.”
The bipartisan display was notably different from the ongoing strife at the House intelligence committee, where Democrats have called on chairman Devin Nunes to recuse himself over his close relationship with the White House.
Burr, a senator for North Carolina, said: “Mark and I work hand in hand on this and, contrary to maybe popular belief, we’re partners to see that this is completed and we’ve got a product in the end of the day that we can have bipartisanship in supporting.”
Burr said the Senate committee this week made 20 requests for individuals to be interviewed. Five already have interviews scheduled. Some may be held in public, some in private. No date has yet been set for Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law and senior adviser, who has acknowledged meetings with Russians during the transition.
Another potential witness is retired general Mike Flynn, a former Trump campaign aide and national security adviser. Burr said: “We’ve had conversations with a lot of people. You would think less of us if General Flynn wasn’t on that list.”
Burr and Warner said they would issue subpoenas to compel witnesses to testify if necessary but acknowledged it was “tough” to compel individuals from overseas to attend because subpoenas would not necessarily carry any weight in foreign jurisdictions. It was reported on Wednesday that the committee could seek to interview Christopher Steele, the former British intelligence operative who compiled the dossier that alleges a conspiracy between the Trump campaign and Russia.
The stakes are high for the Senate investigation – and a separate one by the FBI – because of disarray on the House committee. Adam Schiff, its top Democrat, has made clear his concerns about the conduct of Nunes, including a mysterious visit last week to the White House grounds to review classified material. But Warner expressed confidence in Burr, arguing that Russia’s attempt to “hijack” the election went beyond party affiliation.
Warner, a senator for Virginia, said: “We’re here to assure you, and more importantly the American people who are watching and listening, that we will get to the bottom of this. Richard and I have known each other a long time and the chairman and I both have a serious concern about what the Russians have done and continue to do around the world.”
He added: “Some of the techniques that Russia used in this election, as we find more and more, would send a chill down anyone who believes in the democratic process in this country and around the world.”
Despite his impatience to get answers, Warner said it would be necessary to take time. “Getting it right is more important than getting it done quickly.”
The senators said the committee was nearing completion of a review of thousands of documents related to the investigation and would hold its first public hearing on Thursday.
Earlier, Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said he was still looking into who cleared Nunes into the White House, as well as who met with the House intelligence chief to examine classified information pertaining to the investigation into Russia.
“I asked preliminary questions; I’ve not gotten answers yet,” Spicer told reporters, before growing characteristically testy at the line of questioning.
“It’s interesting that there seems to be this fascination with the process,” Spicer said. 
“[It’s] ‘how did he get here, what door did he enter’ … as opposed to what I think it should be,” Spicer said, pointing to the “substance” of Nunes’s information. 
Spicer added he was not “personally” aware of who acted as Nunes’s source from within the White House for stating, without evidence, that the Obama administration surveilled Trump aides during the transition.
While acknowledging the incident had created a perception of impropriety, the White House spokesman stood by Nunes amid calls for the House intelligence chairman to recuse himself from his committee’s inquiry into Russian interference in the election. 
“There is nothing that I see that is problematic in him conducting an investigation,” Spicer said.



ARTICLE
A senior adviser to the FBI-led team that interrogates terrorist suspects has blasted an impending executive order from Donald Trump as a dangerous and ignorant potential return to torture.
Steve Kleinman, a retired air force colonel and chairman of the research advisory committee to the High Value Detainee Interrogation Group (HIG), warned that weakening US prohibitions against torture carried significant consequences for national security.
“If the US [were] to make it once again the policy of the country to coerce, and to detain at length in an extrajudicial fashion, the costs would be beyond substantial – they’d be potentially existential. We’ve seen how [torture] promotes violent extremism, how it degrades alliances. We’ve seen how it only serves to provide information that policymakers want to support [desired policies], not what they need,” Kleinman said. 
“A lot of these people who weigh in heavily on interrogation have no idea how little they know, [and do so] because of what they see on television,” said Kleinman, who emphasized that he was not speaking for the HIG.
Opposition was quickly coalescing on Wednesday to an executive order the US president was expected to issue that would create a pathway to restoring the detention of terrorism suspects at facilities known as “black sites”, formally ending Barack Obama’s thwarted order to close the Guantánamo Bay wartime prison. This would also remove limitations on coercive interrogation techniques set by a longstanding army field manual intended to ensure humane military interrogations, which is mostly compliant with the Geneva Conventions. 
Trump, on the campaign trail, pledged to bring back techniques “a hell of a lot worse” than the simulated drowning known as waterboarding used by the CIA during George W Bush’s administration.
In an interview with ABC News, the president repeated his belief that torture works, “absolutely”, and that the US should “fight fire with fire”.
“I’ve spoken in recent days with people at the highest level of intelligence, and I’ve asked them: ‘Does torture work?’ And the answer was ‘Yes, absolutely.’ 
However, Trump said he would defer to the incoming CIA director, Mike Pompeo, and the defense secretary, James Mattis, on the issue.
Senator John McCain, a torture survivor and co-author of a 2015 law barring the security agencies from using interrogation techniques that surpass the prohibitions in the army field manual, pledged defiance over a return to torture. 
“The president can sign whatever executive orders he likes. But the law is the law. We are not bringing back torture in the United States of America,” said McCain, the Arizona Republican who chairs the Senate armed services committee.
McCain referenced explicit guarantees from Pompeo and Mattis during their Senate confirmation proceedings to follow the interrogations law and the army field manual. “I am confident these leaders will be true to their word,” McCain said.
A draft version of Trump’s executive order – published by the Washington Post and the New York Times but whose authenticity was contested by the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer – contains a prohibition on “torture or cruel, inhumane or degrading treatment”. But security veterans and civil libertarians were concerned that the order, expected to authorize a “review” of the field manual, would lead to revisions that would substantially gut the prohibitions on torture as an end-run around the law.
“US law is clear that the army field manual cannot be modified for at least two years, and even then, to ensure it complies with domestic US legal obligations. Reviewing whether ‘enhanced interrogation techniques’ should be part of that manual would be tantamount to reviewing whether torture should be part of it, and such a review should not be undertaken,” said Laura Pitter of Human Rights Watch.
Mark Fallon, who was the deputy chief of Guantánamo’s Bush-era investigative taskforce for military tribunals, said: “It does appear like a subterfuge to enact more brutal methods because that was what candidate Trump campaigned on during the election.”
Fallon warned that the field manual’s appendix M, which allows extended “separation” of a detainee from other captives, represented a “slippery slope that could bring back torture”.
Pompeo, confirmed as CIA director on Monday, said in Senate testimony that he would “absolutely not” comply with an order from the White House to use interrogation techniques outside the army field manual. 
But in subsequent questioning by the Senate intelligence committee, Pompeo said he would “consult with experts at the agency and at other organizations in the US government on whether the army field manual uniform application is an impediment to gathering vital intelligence to protect the country or whether any rewrite of the army field manual is needed”.
Kleinman said he was heartened by Pompeo’s seeming opposition to torture in his confirmation testimony, but noted that Trump’s nominee had now “ walked that back”.
Additional suspicion of a “re-examination” of the field manual springs from the existence of a voluminous sheaf of literature on interrogations, arisen over the past decade, that with striking uniformity rejects torture as ineffective, as well as brutal. Much of it was authored by experienced interrogators and behavioral scientists.
It began with a multi-volume study in 2006, chartered by the Intelligence Science Board, called “Educing Information”. Kleinman, whose career provided him with more than 30 years’ experience in human intelligence, was its lead author. Under Obama’s administration, the study contributed to the creation of the HIG, a secretive group from the FBI, CIA and military with a mandate to interrogate high-level terror suspects without torture. 
Most recently, in August 2016, the HIG published an interrogation “best practices” report that found an “effective interrogation requires an individualized, flexible, rapport-based and information-gathering approach”, rather than brutality.
Kleinman said: “There is, at best, anecdotal evidence to support torture.
“There is, on the other hand, a robust body of scientific literature and field testing that demonstrates the efficacy of a relationship-based, rapport-based, cognitive-based approach to interrogation, as well as a robust literature that would suggest torture immediately undermines a source’s ability to be a reliable reporter of information: memory is undermined, judgment is undermined, decision-making is undermined, time-references are undermined. And this is only from a purely operational perspective; we can’t take the morality out of strategy.”
Fallon, the former Guantánamo investigative official, said the call for surpassing the torture prohibitions was not coming from interrogators. “It’s against what practitioners are calling for. What President Trump needs to recognize is that interrogations professionals are not looking for additional techniques, they’re looking for the science to aid existing techniques,” he said. 
Hours after the supposed draft order leaked, representatives of the CIA and the Pentagon distanced themselves from the unfolding political fracas.
“At this time, the US army has not made any requests to review Army Field Manual 2-22.3,” a spokesman told the Guardian, using the formal designation for the interrogations field manual. Similarly, CIA sources leaked to Yahoo News that Pompeo was blindsided by the draft of the order.



ARTICLE
Angry voters confronted Republican lawmakers at town halls in California and Florida this weekend, fearful that the party’s promise to repeal former president Obama’s healthcare law will leave them without a comprehensive alternative.
In California on Saturday, congressman Tom McClintock had to be escorted by police, having faced tough questions about healthcare, the Affordable Care Act (ACA) – referred to pejoratively by Republicans as Obamacare – and President Trump’s agenda. Protesters followed him, shouting: “Shame on you!”
In an equally conservative district in Florida, congressman Gus Bilirakis answered questions from town hall attendees worried about the loss of insurance and higher premiums if the ACA is repealed.
The events were captured on Facebook, the Saint Peters blog and other news organizations and echoed angry town halls that Democrats faced in 2009, when Obama pressed for passage of his sweeping law. 
Republicans have repeatedly said the law is a costly disaster with rising costs. Democrats say the GOP effort will threaten healthcare availability and raise rates, angering 20 million people who gained insurance under the ACA and tens of millions of others who benefit from the statute’s coverage requirements.
Last week, at a GOP retreat in Philadelphia, McClintock raised concerns about Republican plans.
“We’d better be sure that we’re prepared to live with the market we’ve created,” McClintock was quoted as saying in secret recordings obtained by news outlets including the Guardian. 
“That’s going to be called ‘Trumpcare’. Republicans will own that lock, stock and barrel, and we’ll be judged in the election less than two years away.”
On Saturday, McClintock was constantly interrupted and booed as he defended his party’s agenda at a theater in downtown Roseville, the population center of his sprawling congressional district, the Sacramento Bee reported.
Hundreds of protesters stood outside chanting “Vote him out” while those inside held signs that read “resist”, “dump Tom McTrump” and “climate change is real”.
“I understand you do not like Donald Trump,” McClintock said. “I sympathize with you. There have been elections where our side has lost … just a word of friendly advice: remember that there were many people in America who disagreed with and feared Barack Obama just as vigorously as you disagree with and fear Donald Trump.”
A video posted on the newspaper’s website showed demonstrators chanting “Shame on you!” as they followed McClintock as he walked to a waiting car surrounded by police officers.
Trump supporters also attended the town hall. One, David Ramsey, said he volunteered for McClintock’s 2008 campaign and voted for Trump in November.
“President Trump is doing what he said he was going to do,” Ramsey said. “I like what he’s talking about – securing our borders and vetting immigrants. Hopefully, he’ll lower taxes, and reduce big government and regulation.”



ARTICLE
A bipartisan resolution in the House of Representatives targeting Russia for its role in election hacking will be announced on Wednesday.
The bill, introduced by Republican congressman Peter Roskam of Illinois and Democrat congressman David Cicilline of Rhode Island, will declare that it is US policy “to sanction entities and individuals within Russia or associated with the Russian Government engaged in hacking, cyber-attacks, and propaganda campaigns with the intention of interfering in democratic elections”.
The legislation comes after bipartisan concern about the Russian role in influencing the 2016 election through hacking, including of the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. 
But the proposed legislation is forward-looking and is focused on potential Russian interference in European elections in 2017 including the upcoming presidential election in France, rather than the 2016 cyberattacks, which are currently being investigated by multiple congressional committees. 
In particular, the legislation cites the expressed desire of Russian officials “to divide the North Atlantic Treaty Organization alliance, weaken democratic institutions, and support extremist, pro-Moscow candidates throughout Europe” as a cause for alarm and urges Russia to immediately cease all cyberattacks in Europe. It also specifically cites the Russian use of a “troll army” to rally support for Brexit in the run up to the 2016 referendum in the United Kingdom.
Although the Putin regime has long been a bête noire for many Republicans, Democrats have joined in strident opposition in the aftermath of Russian interference in the 2016 election. 
The two cosponsors reflect the bipartisan concern over Russian interference in western elections. Roskam is a longtime foreign policy hawk who has been vocal on Iran sanctions and is a former member of House leadership while Cicilline, a vice chair of the Progressive Caucus, has been a comparative dove on foreign policy.
In a statement, Roskam told the Guardian “Russia is attempting to undermine democracy and democratic institutions across the Western world ... it’s important we present a bipartisan front and make it very clear the US Congress strongly condemns Russian malfeasance in Europe and around the world.”



ARTICLE
It was a cold, starless night. The illuminated statue of Abraham Lincoln, carved from marble 19ft high, gazed eastwards across the reflecting pool towards the Washington Monument. But for the scratchings of a hungry animal in a bin, the air was still, the chamber sepulchral.
Around midnight, four people arrived, continuing a conversation that had begun over dinner. Two were men, two were women. Two had voted for Hillary Clinton in last year’s election, one had voted for Donald Trump; the other, who had just spent three years abroad, had not cast a ballot.
At this hour, they had the Lincoln Memorial to themselves. “It’s a time when it’s quiet and reflective,” said Cyndi Festa, an operations leader from Center Valley, Pennsylvania, perched on the memorial steps and wrapped against the chill. “I’m not sure that, when there are lots of people around, I get to ingest and reflect.”
Michael Smith, a communications director from Atlanta, Georgia, added: “I’m not sure what Abraham Lincoln’s voice sounded like but when I come here at night I can almost hear it.”
Beth Laliberte, a lawyer from Richmond, Virginia, volunteered another reason for visiting. “It’s a good reminder of our bedrock, our foundations, because for me that’s been shaken a bit.”
And Jim Simmons, from Naples, Florida – the sole Trump supporter – made a joke: “I’m just here ’cause I heard it’s a great place to meet chicks at midnight.”
Since it opened in 1922, generations have found reason to visit the Lincoln Memorial on the National Mall in Washington, mounting the steps, entering the solemn chamber and turning their heads upwards to contemplate the giant seated statue of the 16th president, his left hand clenched in a fist, his right hand more open – he was once described as a man of both steel and velvet. 
Behind him are the words: “In this temple, as in the hearts of the people for whom he saved the Union, the memory of Abraham Lincoln is enshrined forever.” On either side the walls are carved with inscriptions of his Gettysburg address and second inaugural address which, reflecting on the civil war, makes a clarion call “to bind up the nation’s wounds”.
The four visitors, who had been attending a conference in Washington, lingered by one of the 36 fluted columns that surround the memorial, one for each of the 36 states in the Union at the time of Lincoln’s death. They looked out at a vista that included the obelisk built to commemorate George Washington, the spectral figures of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and the clock tower of the old post office – now the Trump International Hotel.
Simmons, 57, mused: “I voted for Trump because it’s different. Neither candidate was the most appealing I’ve ever seen; it was a hold-your-nose election. Sometimes a little change is good and America could do with a little shock to clean up some things that have been ignored a long time. It’s to inject something different in the system. It could go worse or it could go better. It’s worth a shot.”
Festa, who came back recently after living in Ireland for three years, rejoined: “Should he change the trajectory of this nation and make it what it should be, I will have no problem with my grandchildren being at a Donald Trump memorial.”
For Laliberte, 42, who took part in the Women’s March on Washington the day after Trump’s inauguration, that is a highly unlikely prospect. “He’s done nothing to suggest that he could handle a catastrophic event appropriately,” she said. “He spends more time lashing out on Twitter to celebrities than he does on reading books. He lashes out like a crazy person.”
Simmons interjected: “Beth, I’m not here to change your mind.”
Laliberte, cordial but firm, insisted: “Don’t pretend operating a business is like operating a government.”
Simmons said: “I think coming in with a fresh set of eyes offers opportunities, a different perspective.”
The group posed on the steps for a photo and went on their way. “We can disagree without being disagreeable,” Simmons observed.
Earlier in the day, pedestrian traffic had flowed through the memorial, filling the chamber with winter hats and coats, cameraphones and a steady hum. They stood where Martin Luther King delivered his I Have a Dream speech, where President Richard Nixon debated the Vietnam war with student protesters around 4am one morning and where Trump himself, with fireworks above, held a pre-inauguration concert.
Vanessa East, visiting for the first time, spent long minutes silently reading Lincoln’s words. “I felt like seeing something inspiring: what our country was compared to what we are today,” she said. “This great man was in the middle of a civil war and sought to lift the country up. I find Mr Trump seeks to divide us and push us down.
“We don’t have boys fighting out in Gettysburg but we have people being horrible to each other on social media. I don’t know that Trump is trying to bring us together.”
East, 44, a restaurants manager from Long Beach, California, reflected: “I started weeping the second I got here. It’s a monument to the people we are and how hard we fought for equality. We’re still fighting. There is a lot to fight for.”





ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s apparent readiness to accept a one-state solution to the Middle East conflict that would permanently rule out a Palestinian nation is emboldening rightwing Zionists in the US – both among Jewish Americans and the much larger pool of pro-Israeli evangelical Christians.
Some Zionist groups welcomed with delight the president’s unexpected comment on Wednesday that tore up the longstanding US adherence to a two-state solution in which Israel would coexist peacefully alongside a fully formed Palestine. 
“I’m looking at two-state and one-state and I like the one that both parties like,” he said.
Morton Klein, president of the oldest pro-Israel group in the US, Zionist Organization of America (ZOA), said that Trump’s remark marked a turning point.
“We have entered a new sane, rational era in dealing with the Arab-Islamic war against Israel – it’s remarkable that he has backed off from supporting a Palestinian state,” he said.
ZOA has long opposed a Palestinian state. Critics of the one-state solution point out that it would destroy the fundamental character of Israel as a democratic Jewish state: Arabs and Palestinians would numerically be dominant in a single state and that in turn would either eradicate the Jewish nature of the country or force it to forgo democracy by relegating the Palestinians to second-class status.
As former secretary of state John Kerry put it last December: “If the choice is one state, Israel can either be Jewish or democratic – it cannot be both – and it won’t ever really be at peace.”
Klein dismissed that objection as “one of the great propaganda myths”. He said the difficulty could be overcome either by allowing Palestinians in Gaza and the West Bank “to continue living their own lives” within autonomous areas in which Israel still had control over security, or by allowing West Bank residents to become citizens of Jordan.
But advocates of a progressive two-state solution to the crisis expressed dismay at Trump’s shock departure from established US policy. 
Dylan Williams, chief lobbyist of the Washington-based group J Street, which wants to see a democratic Jewish state living peacefully alongside a Palestinian country, said: “The president is really playing with fire here in a way that he probably doesn’t grasp yet. He seriously risks jeopardizing the bipartisan policy that has held for so long in the US, that a two-state solution is essential to a negotiated end to the conflict.”
The differing responses of ZOA and J Street are representative of a rift among the 6 million American Jews. “There are increasingly two American Jewries, Orthodox and Reform, and that split is increasing rather than diminishing,” said Herb Weisberg, a political scientist at Ohio State University who is writing a book on the politics of American Jews.
The more progressive-leaning Reform movement – which tends to side with the two-state solution – accounts for 35% of the overall community, according to Pew Research, together with another third that identify with no denomination at all.
By contrast, the more conservative-leaning Orthodox Jews amount to only 10%. But though they are the relative underdogs numerically, they carry an increasingly influential punch given their close ties to the Republican party – and to Trump, whose son-in-law and Middle East adviser, Jared Kushner, is an Orthodox Jew. 
Trump’s choice of US ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, has called for the Israeli annexation of the West Bank. 
Of particular importance to the changing debate on Israel within the US is Aipac, the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, which enjoys a lion-sized influence on Capitol Hill. The lobby group presents itself as bipartisan, though in practice it has moved steadily towards the hardline position.
Technically, it still sides with the idea of a Palestinian state as part of the long-term solution to the conflict, but its shifting approach became clear a week after Trump’s election last November, when it expunged reference to the two-state solution from its website. (Following a public outcry, the material was put back up again).
Aipac did not respond to Guardian requests for comment.
Arguably the most important group steering the US-Israeli relationship is not Jewish at all, but Christian evangelical. Again, the numbers are significant: the Jewish community is tiny compared with up to 80 million evangelicals.
Within that group, twice as many white evangelical Protestants as Jews subscribe to the biblical belief that God gave the land of Israel to the Jewish people, Pew has found.
Their influence is amplified also by representation within Trump’s inner circle, in this case Vice-President Mike Pence, who describes himself as a “born-again, evangelical Catholic”. 
He addressed Aipac in 2009 and said: “Let me say emphatically, like the overwhelming majority of my constituents, my Christian faith compels me to cherish the state of Israel.”
Evangelical Zionists are wielding increasing influence in Congress, emboldened by the Trump administration and Pence in particular. Christians United for Israel (CUFI), the largest of all pro-Israel groups in the US, has begun to exert pressure on Congress members by ranking them according to their voting record in an echo of how the National Rifle Association browbeats representatives into being pro-gun.
CUFI, which follows the biblical commandment to speak out in favor of Zion, would not talk to the Guardian about its position on Trump’s shifting policy. Its communications director, Ari Morgenstern, would only say: “Our longstanding policy has been to stand with the democratically elected government of Israel and defer to Jerusalem on such matters.”
But its director, David Brog, has said that its members are “skeptical of the two-state solution”. 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s reported threat to use US troops to sort out “bad hombres” in Mexico revives a venerable tradition of gringo intimidation and humiliation which Mexico thought had passed into history.
The president used the language of a cowboy movie – arguably more Blazing Saddles than The Magnificent Seven – but to Mexicans the implication was all too real: the superpower bully was back.
How else to interpret a conversation between Trump and President Enrique Peña Nieto which, if confirmed, will go down in diplomatic annals.
“You have a bunch of bad hombres down there,” said the US leader, according to a transcript leaked to the Associated Press on Wednesday. “You aren’t doing enough to stop them. I think your military is scared. Our military isn’t, so I just might send them down to take care of it.”
The menace and disrespect shocked Mexico. It was like entering a time machine and reading headlines about US raids to capture Pancho Villa.
“Poor Mexico, so far from God, so close to the US.” All Mexicans know the quote. A rueful reflection on proximity to a powerful, expansionist neighbour attributed to the wily dictator Porfirio Diaz.
The troubled history began soon after Mexico wrested independence from Spain in 1821. The young, rickety republic lacked resources and people to cultivate and protect its northern lands from comanches and US expansionism. 
So in a blunder regretted to this day it invited US settlers to farm the land on condition they drop slavery, become Catholics and swear fealty to Mexico. The settlers rebelled and despite losing the Alamo-won independence, creating the Republic of Texas in 1836.
A decade later President Polk sensed a chance to extend the US south and to the Pacific. The 1846-48 invasion and occupation ravaged Mexico and forced it to cede modern-day California, Nevada, Utah as well as a lot of Arizona, New Mexico and Colorado, plus a bit of Wyoming.
Mexico still reveres “los niños héroes” – the child heroes – who supposedly fought the invaders and then leaped from a fortress to martyrdom, clutching a flag, rather than surrender. The occupying marines’ green uniform reputedly prompted cries of “green go”, and the term gringo.
US forces returned in 1914, during revolutionary tumult, to occupy Veracruz. And again in 1916 to hunt Pancho Villa, a renegade warlord who had killed US citizens on both sides of the border. Despite a force of 5,000 soldiers with aircraft and trucks the Americans failed to catch him. 
The US’s entry into the second world war warmed relations with Mexico. It needed Mexican metals and labour. The bracero programme allowed in millions to work in fields and factories. The tide turned in 1954 when President Eisenhower ordered Operation Wetback, a controversial policy which rounded up and deported an estimated 3.8 million Mexicans.
Relations gradually warmed in the 1960s and 70s, with treaties resolving various diplomatic loose ends, paving the way for what was billed as the greatest deal of all: the North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta) in 1994. 
It eliminated trade and investment barriers and transformed Mexico – opening up its economy to $1.6bn in daily cross border trade and nurturing a middle class while devastating traditional farmers and other sectors.
Mexicans became accustomed to US presidents hugging their Mexican counterparts and calling them partners. George Bush and Barack Obama did extend border security, including almost 700 miles of fence along the 2,000 mile border. But this did not disrupt what appeared to be ever closer integration, with Mexican food, culture and expressions seeping into the US mainstream.
Mexicans grumbled that Americans drew drugs north and sent weapons south, leaving them to pay for the drug war in Mexican blood. But the joke about being so far from God and so close to the US seemed outdated. Both countries were, after all, amigos.
Then came Trump.



ARTICLE
Leading Democrats have escalated the controversy over the erratic behavior of Devin Nunes, the Republican chairman of the House intelligence committee, calling on him to recuse himself from the investigation into alleged links between the president’s associates and Russia.
Both Adam Schiff, Nunes’ counterpart on the committee, and Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic leader of the House of Representatives, demanded that he step aside from the ongoing Russia affair that has become an enduring sore for the young Trump administration.
The intervention of senior Democrats takes the dispute to a new level of intensity, raising the prospect of the governing party being forced to make a second humiliating concession after US attorney general Jeff Sessions was forced this month to stand back from all Russian inquiries after he failed to disclose meetings with Moscow’s ambassador to Washington.
Schiff was the first to wade into the fray on Monday night, calling on Nunes to recuse himself in the wake of mounting controversy about his handling of the Russian inquiry. The ranking Democrat on the committee drew a parallel with the Sessions recusal and said in a statement: “I believe the public cannot have the necessary confidence that matters involving the president’s campaign or transition team can be objectively investigated or overseen by the chairman.” 
Less than an hour later, Pelosi came out with a similarly weighed statement, saying that her equivalent in the House, Paul Ryan, should lean on Nunes to make him stand aside. “Speaker Ryan must insist that chairman Nunes at least recuse himself from the Trump-Russia investigation immediately. That leadership is long overdue.”
The top Democrat in the Senate, Chuck Schumer, also added his voice to the growing chorus for a Nunes recusal. The senator accused the Republican chairman of being “more interested in protecting the president than in seeking the truth. You cannot have the person in charge of an impartial investigation be partial to one side.”
The open partisan split within the powerful intelligence committee came as Schiff complained that members of the panel continue to wait for Nunes to present them with documents ostensibly relating to intelligence collected on Trump days after he had briefed the president. The embattled committee chairman raised further questions when he said he had no choice under classification rules except to view the sensitive intelligence at the White House, a statement likely to intensify speculation that the Trump administration fed Nunes the material.
The source who made the materials available to Nunes “could not simply put the documents in a backpack and walk them over to the House intelligence committee space”, Nunes’ office said on Monday.
In his statement on Monday night, Schiff tore into the chairman’s explanation. “There was no legitimate justification for bringing that information to the White House instead of the committee,” he said, adding: “That it was obtained at the White House makes this departure all the more concerning.”
Further pressure on Nunes to stand down from the Russian investigation came from the top Democrat on the CIA subcommittee of the House intelligence committee, Eric Swalwell. The chairman should “no longer be anywhere near this investigation, let alone leading it”, he said. 
Swalwell added that “too many people in the White House and administration, and now, the chairman of the House intelligence committee, have betrayed their duty to conduct an independent, bipartisan inquiry into the Trump team’s ties with Russia”.
Spicer repeatedly refused to offer any details about why Nunes was on the White House grounds and whom the California congressman was meeting with. “I’m not going to get into who he met with or why,” he said, while insisting the White House “was not concerned” over the possibility of classified information being leaked to Nunes.
Nunes, a member of Trump’s national security transition team, has come under sustained criticism that he is obstructing a high-profile investigation into Trump’s ties to Russia that he is running – a charge likely to intensify over the coming days.
On Wednesday, he stunned Washington by suggesting that communications from Trump’s associates were incidentally collected as part of “lawful” surveillance, with their identities insufficiently masked.
Contradicting testimony from the FBI and NSA directors, Trump claimed Nunes’ remarks provided a modicum of vindication for the president’s baseless claim that Obama placed Trump Tower under surveillance, something even Nunes continues to deny. Nunes has said the intelligence collection that “alarmed” him did not concern Russia.
Before making his statement calling for Nunes’ recusal, Schiff had publicly doubted the impartiality of the House inquiry. Those concerns escalated after Nunes abruptly canceled a public hearing scheduled for Tuesday into the Trump-Russia question.
Nunes has dodged questions, primarily from CNN, that his source came from the White House, and intimated that whistleblowers from the intelligence agencies brought the surveillance documents to him. Nunes told Bloomberg View on Monday that his source was an intelligence official and not a White House staffer. 
But Nunes’ office has acknowledged that the chairman viewed whatever surveillance documents he has acquired on the White House grounds, apparently at the Eisenhower executive office building, where the national security council staff works. 
Viewing the documents at the White House came under immediate scrutiny, since the House committee possesses secure facilities where it frequently accesses classified information as part of its routine responsibilities.
But Jack Langer, Nunes’ spokesman, told the Guardian that Nunes saw at the White House “executive branch documents” that Congress does not have. 
“The White House grounds was the best location to safeguard the proper chain of custody and classification of these documents, so the chairman could view them in a legal way,” Langer said. 
It remained unclear why, if Nunes’ source did not originate from the White House, viewing the documents had to occur at the White House complex. His explanation to Bloomberg was that the White House was the closest available location to access a classified computer network hived off from Congress. Nunes appears not to have paid visits to intelligence agency locations where the information would be accessible, including the offices of the director of national intelligence, FBI and NSA.
Langer did not immediately respond to a follow-up question about whether Nunes had in effect confirmed that his source for the documents came from the White House itself. 
Nor did Langer respond to a question about whether Nunes would resign from his position.
Earlier on Monday, a Democrat on the House intelligence committee, Jackie Speier, called on Nunes to recuse himself from the investigation.
“Through his bizarre and partisan actions over the last week, Chairman Nunes has demonstrated to the entire nation why he is unfit to lead our critical investigation into ties between President Trump’s administration and Moscow,” Speier said in a statement.
Nunes has been a consistent ally for Trump on Capitol Hill. He was an ardent defender of Michael Flynn, the national security adviser who had to resign after misleading the vice-president over conversations with the Russian ambassador concerning sanctions easement.
During last week’s hearing, Nunes geared his questioning of the FBI director, James Comey, and the NSA director, Michael Rogers, about leaks alleged to have come from the intelligence agencies, not the intelligence agencies’ assessment of Russian interference in the election to benefit Trump.
Late on Monday, Trump tweeted in an apparent attempt to deflect attention from the Nunes debacle, calling the Russia allegations a “hoax” and trying to divert attention to Bill and Hillary Clinton’s dealings with the Kremlin. 



ARTICLE
A military judge called Donald Trump’s scathing campaign-trail criticism of army Sgt Bowe Bergdahl “disturbing” on Monday and questioned whether it would make the public think the soldier could not get a fair trial for walking off his post in Afghanistan in 2009.
During a pre-trial hearing, defense attorneys played part of a video exhibit in which Trump repeatedly says at campaign appearances that Bergdahl is a “traitor” who should be harshly punished. Bergdahl’s lawyers argue the comments violate their client’s due-process rights and that the case should be dismissed.
The judge, army Col Jeffery Nance, didnot immediately rule on the defense request, but called the footage of Trump condemning Bergdahl “disturbing material”. A written decision was expected later.
Defense lawyers played about five minutes of the footage in which Trump repeatedly used phrases such as “no-good traitor” to refer to the soldier who was held captive by the Taliban and its allies for five years.
Bergdahl sat mostly still during the video presentation, looking away at times. By the end of the footage, the muscles in Bergdahl’s jaw were visibly bulging as he apparently clenched his teeth.
Prosecutors say Trump’s comments amounted to campaign rhetoric against actions taken by the Obama administration to bring Bergdahl home.
“These comments are clearly intended to try to attack a political opponent for political gain,” said army Maj Justin Oshana, a prosecutor.
The Obama administration’s decision in May 2014 to exchange Bergdahl for five Taliban prisoners prompted some Republicans to accuse Obama of jeopardizing the nation’s safety.
Oshana said potential jurors’ exposure to Trump’s comments could be addressed through questioning during jury selection. He added that it would be unprecedented to dismiss the case without first trying to seat a jury.
But Nance asked, “how does that relate to overcoming the black eye to the military justice system … the view the public might have?”
That question goes to the heart of the defense argument that Trump’s comments constitute unlawful command influence by the new commander-in-chief. Even the appearance of such unfairness can theoretically derail a military case.
The defense’s motion, filed shortly after Trump was sworn in as president, cites more than 40 instances of Trump’s criticism at public appearances and media interviews through August 2016.
Eugene Fidell, Bergdahl’s defense attorney, argued o Monday that Trump has kept other campaign promises, so his comments about Bergdahl should be taken seriously. They played a clip of Trump promising his audience at a December 2015 campaign rally to review the case if Bergdahl got a light punishment.
Nance also took note of that statement, asking prosecutors: “You’re not at all concerned about the statement he made, ‘If I get in we will review his case’ … after ranting and raving about no jail time?”
A White House spokesman didnot immediately respond to a phone call and email seeking comment on Monday about whether Trump plans to review Bergdahl’s case.
Bergdahl is charged with desertion and misbehavior before the enemy, the latter of which carries a maximum penalty of life in prison. He has been assigned to desk duty at a Texas army base while awaiting trial.
Bergdahl, who is from Idaho, has said he walked off his post to cause alarm and draw attention to what he saw as problems with his unit.
His trial is scheduled for April, but a delay seems likely after the judge set a new time frame for working out problems with the handover of classified information as part of the discovery process. He said he would give lawyers until the beginning of April to prepare a status report that will determine future dates in the case.



ARTICLE
Kellyanne Conway, counselor to Donald Trump, described a fake “massacre” three times, it has emerged.
The controversy began last week when Conway, defending the president’s travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries, told MSNBC that two Iraqis who came to the US and had been radicalised “were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre”.
Fact-checkers quickly pointed out that no such massacre took place. Chelsea Clinton, daughter of former president Bill and defeated candidate Hillary, described it as “completely fake”, tweeting: “Please don’t make up attacks.”
Conway, who was Trump’s campaign manager during the election, tweeted the next day that she had made an “honest mistake” and had meant to say “Bowling Green terrorists”, referring to two Iraqi citizens from Bowling Green, Kentucky, who had been convicted of trying to send weapons and money to al-Qaida.
But on Monday it emerged that this was not an isolated incident: she had used the word “massacre” twice before during interviews with reporters.
On 29 January, speaking to Cosmopolitan.com, she was even more specific about the non-existent event: “[T]wo Iraqi nationals came to this country, joined Isis, traveled back to the Middle East to get trained and refine their terrorism skills, and come back here, and were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre of taking innocent soldiers’ lives away.”
And on the same day, Conway was captured on video telling TMZ: “There were two Iraqis who came here, got radicalized, joined Isis, and then were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green attack on our brave soldiers.”
Democrats seized on the triple discrepancy. Zac Petkanas, senior adviser to the Democratic National Committee, said: “It’s now clear this wasn’t an honest mistake or a simple slip of the tongue.
“The Trump administration was so desperate to sell their increasingly unpopular and likely illegal anti-Muslim ban that they actually made up a terrorist attack to scare people into acceptance.”
Neil Sroka, spokesperson for the liberal pressure group Democracy for America, added: “It’s not surprising that the people leading Donald Trump’s White House are following in his footsteps as an unrepentant liar. The idea you would invent a terrorist attack to support a bigoted policy for the United States is reprehensible.
“Anyone who has aligned herself with Trump is beyond shame at this point. I think she should resign, but I have no doubt they will continue to sit in a very nice White House office and do garbage.”
Conway has been seen as an artful communicator for Trump, but her “massacre” gaffe came on the heels of another comment about “alternative facts” that was also widely mocked amid a debate about the spread of fake news.
Trump has been quick to turn the fake news charge on the mainstream media. On Monday he attacked the New York Times for writing “total fiction” about him and even claimed, without evidence, that journalists were deliberately covering up reports of terrorist attacks.
Speaking to the US central command in Florida, the president went off script to tell military leaders: “You’ve seen what happened in Paris, and Nice. All over Europe, it’s happening. It’s gotten to a point where it’s not even being reported. And in many cases the very, very dishonest press doesn’t want to report it. They have their reasons, and you understand that.”
Later, according to a pooled report, White House press secretary Sean Spicer suggested that Trump believes such as attacks are “underreported” rather than not reported at all.
“He felt members of the media don’t always cover some of those events to the extent that other events might get covered,” Spicer said.
“Protests will get blown out of the water, and yet an attack or a foiled attack doesn’t necessarily get the same coverage. He’s doing what he can to protect this nation and protect our people. And that’s why I think sometimes the polls don’t reflect what you see on the media.
“You see a wide degree of support for the president’s policies to protect this country, to create jobs, to grow the economy. And yet a lot of those stories and success that he’s had – in a mere two and a half weeks in office – aren’t exactly covered to the degree to which they should be.”
Asked about specific attacks that had not been reported, he said: “We’ll provide a list later. There’s several instances … There’s a lot of instances that have occurred where I don’t think they’ve gotten the coverage it deserved.”



ARTICLE
The Department of Homeland Security fears losing its primacy in civilian cybersecurity through an impending White House executive order, according to current and former officials, raising concerns about digital security in the Donald Trump era becoming a stalking horse for surveillance.
Trump had been expected on Tuesday afternoon to issue an executive order on cybersecurity, a long-forecast first venture into a subject central to rising public, security and international anxieties after mass hacks of big companies and the US government itself. But the White House abruptly told pool reporters that the signing was cancelled without explanation.

Draft versions of the order that have leaked have elevated the Pentagon to a co-equal role with DHS over cybersecurity, which would give the military, with its capabilities and interests in surveillance, a deeper role into civilian digital protection than ever before. 
Officials suggested the order would be significantly different from the draft. But as of Monday night, senior DHS officials had yet to see a finalized order, the Guardian has learned, though drafts have circulated within the department.
But some internal sources said the cybersecurity decision-making process, though opaque to them, looks relatively sober compared to the mass turmoil resulting from Trump’s Friday immigration halt, which has roiled the department, aroused international fury at the White House and on Monday resulted in the late-night firing of the acting attorney general for her unwillingness to defend the order in court. 
Some across the administration – none of whom would speak for the record or for the identification of their agencies, for fear of reprisal – believe the recent orders are moving the mammoth homeland security department, reluctantly created by George W Bush after the 9/11 attacks, into an immigration enforcement agency with vestigial roles in counterterrorism, cybersecurity and natural disaster response. 
Others consider that fear overblown. They believe Trump is focusing the department first on central campaign promises – an immigration crackdown and a de facto Muslim ban – though not at permanent expense of the department’s other responsibilities. 
But both camps attributed the confusion to a policymaking process directed by the White House and left to the cabinet departments to belatedly implement. 
“None of these executive orders have been the product of an interagency process,” said a senior administration official. 
Some DHS officials think private companies would prefer to deal with them rather than the military. 
“Cybersecurity is about more than attacks and nation-states,” said Denelle Dixon, the chief lawyer for the Mozilla Foundation.
A former senior DHS official said the department’s apparent downgrading would lead to surveillance fears among companies concerned with customer privacy, as well as interrupting relationships built by the department’s undersecretary, Suzanne Spaulding; the deputy undersecretary, Phyllis Schneck; and the assistant secretary for cybersecurity, Andy Ozment, with Silicon Valley firms in the years after the disclosures of Edward Snowden. 
“Those aren’t easy things to replicate, and those companies aren’t equipped to deal with the demand from the Pentagon,” the ex-official said. 
Trump was scheduled to meet Tuesday with Rudy Giuliani, the former New York City mayor who has thrown his political lot in with the president and whom, on 12 January, Trump unveiled as an informal cybersecurity adviser. Various cybersecurity experts were also slated to discuss the issue with Trump on Tuesday afternoon.
According to a White House official, the order will instruct agency heads to be accountable for their data defenses, with the White House Office of Management and Budget in charge of assessing overall federal vulnerability.
A draft version of the order raised some alarms within DHS and former staff for placing the secretary of defense and the still-unconfirmed director of national intelligence as “co-chairs” of various expected reviews on cybersecurity alongside John Kelly, the new homeland security secretary. 
Of particular concern is a “capabilities review” the draft report orders, to identify “an initial set of capabilities needing improvement to adequately protect US critical infrastructure”. Defense secretary Jim Mattis will chair that review, along with Kelly and Adm Mike Rogers, the commander of the surveillance-oriented NSA and its young military twin, US Cyber Command. 
During the Obama administration, when cybersecurity was elevated as a concern, DHS was tasked with protecting civilian government data networks and liaising with the private sector, including vulnerable companies. Cyber Command was charged with defending military networks and attacking adversaries. 
The NSA, whose tremendous cryptographic capabilities and technical expertise made it the incubator for Cyber Command, has been the elephant in the room, particularly after Snowden’s disclosures of mass surveillance alarmed tech giants. Legislative efforts to mandate private sector data-sharing with the government, routed through DHS, attracted a significant backlash over the degree of access the NSA would have to data it would otherwise have to acquire with a warrant.
An animating impulse behind the executive order is the escalating scale of data hacks that seem to surpass the current institutional structures for preventing or mitigating them.
A White House official did not respond to a request for comment about the future of DHS within the new cybersecurity structure. 
 Dixon, the chief legal and business officer of the Mozilla Foundation, said it was difficult to evaluate Trump’s cybersecurity policy before its development and looked forward to indications that the subject “will be a priority” for the new administration.
“However, we are concerned with a shift in responsibility for cybersecurity from a civilian agency to the Department of Defense. We’ve talked about how protecting cybersecurity is a shared responsibility and we believe that now more than ever. There is a need for governments, tech companies and users to work together on encryption, fixing security vulnerabilities and responsible surveillance,” Dixon told the Guardian. 
“Encryption, secure communications, government surveillance, lawful hacking and even online privacy and data protection, at the end of the day, are fundamentally about securing data and protecting users. It’s about the importance and challenges of the day to day necessities of making systems secure and trustworthy for the internet as a global public resource.”



ARTICLE
The Trump administration has scrapped Barack Obama’s program of ending the justice department’s use of private prisons, embracing an industry that has come under sharp criticism from civil rights advocates.
Jeff Sessions, Trump’s attorney general, on Thursday rescinded a six-month-old directive for the Federal Bureau of Prisons to wind down contracts with prison companies, claiming that the measure had “impaired the bureau’s ability to meet the future needs of the federal correctional system.
“Therefore, I direct the bureau to return to its previous approach,” Sessions said in his memo to Thomas Kane, the bureau’s acting director.
The move prompted spikes in the share prices of the major for-profit prison corporations, companies which contributed hundreds of thousands of dollars to Trump’s presidential election campaign and inauguration funds.
In August last year a scathing audit carried out by the justice department’s independent watchdog found that private prisons controlled by the department’s bureau of prisons were far less safe and more punitive than comparable facilities managed directly by the government.
The review prompted the justice department to commit to ending the use of these 12 facilities, known as “criminal alien requirement prisons”, which are mostly used to incarcerate individuals convicted of violating federal immigration law. Last year the prisons housed about 22,000 people at an annual cost of $600m.
Sally Yates, then the deputy attorney general, said in a memo that research had found private prisons “simply do not provide the same level of correctional services, programs, and resources” and “do not save substantially on costs” either. Essential government education and training programs for prisoners “have proved difficult to replicate and outsource” in the private sector, she said.
The move prompted the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), which controls a much larger network of privatised detention facilities, to conduct a similar review in August. But a report authored by the DHS’s advisory council concluded in December that due to the agency’s heavy dependence on for-profit facilities, it should not follow the lead of the justice department.
There were 13 criminal alien requirement prisons operated by the prisons bureau at the time of Yates’s memo. One of these facilities in Cibola County, New Mexico, was subsequently closed and reopened as an immigration detention facility at the end of last year. 



ARTICLE
Minutes after Donald Trump insisted he was “the least racist person” at a press conference on Thursday, the president asked a black reporter to arrange a meeting for him with the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC).
The American Urban Radio Networks reporter April Ryan asked the president if he was going to include the CBC in conversations he will have about his “inner city” policies.
Trump responded by repeatedly asking Ryan if she could set up a meeting with the caucus, members of which the president suggested could be “friends” of hers.
“Are they friends of yours? No, go ahead,” Trump said. “Set up the meeting.”
Trump ended his interaction with Ryan by saying: “Let’s go. Set up a meeting,” before moving on to accuse the Democratic representative Elijah Cummings, a senior member of the caucus, of being instructed not to meet with him.
Cummings, a former chair of the caucus, denied the accusation and said he was looking forward to meeting with Trump about health policy. “I have no idea why President Trump would make up a story about me like he did today,” Cummings said in a statement.
After the press conference, Ryan said on Twitter: “I am a journalist not a convener! But thank you for answering my questions.”
The caucus also tweeted a statement shortly after the conference: “Hi, @realDonaldTrump. We’re the CBC. We sent you a letter on January 19, but you never wrote us back. Sad!” A link to the letter was included.
Later on Thursday, Ryan tweeted that the administration had reached out to the CBC to set up a meeting with the president.
Ryan’s question came days after she said Omarosa Manigault, a communications official in the Trump administration, had “physically intimidated” her.
Ryan accused Manigault of making verbal threats against her, including telling the reporter she was among several journalists on whom Trump officials had collected negative information for a dossier. In response to the allegations, Manigault told the Washington Post: “My comment: fake news!”
About eight minutes before Ryan asked her question, Jake Turx, a reporter for a Jewish publication, had asked Trump what the government was going to do about antisemitic hate crimes that have occurred since he took office. 
“Sit down,” Trump told the reporter. “Number one, I am the least antisemitic person you’ve ever seen in your entire life. Number two, racism, the least racist person.”
Trump went on to say his opponents were responsible for some of the antisemitic acts, without providing evidence for the claim, and concluded by calling the question “insulting”.
Elsewhere on Thursday, members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, were asked to leave a meeting between lawmakers and the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (Ice) acting director, Tom Homan.
Trump’s campaign has been accused of fomenting racial divisions in the country, ever since he announced he was running for president with a speech in which he accused Mexican immigrants of being rapists.
Anti-hate watchdog groups have criticized the appointment of Stephen Bannon to a top adviser role in the White House for stoking these divisions, as he is a founding member of the far-right website Breitbart News. Activists had warned the decision would embolden antisemites, racists and misogynists.
Trump’s organization has been accused of mistreating black tenants, culminating in a government lawsuit that accused Trump Management of discriminating against black tenants in 1973.
Trump, the company’s then president, was named as a defendant in the justice department’s lawsuit, which was settled after Trump filed a $100m countersuit against the agency. 
As part of the agreement, Trump Management had to ensure its staff were following their obligations under the Fair Housing Act and adequately reaching out to the community in line with fair housing practices.



ARTICLE
The US ambassador to the United Nations has insisted that Washington “absolutely” supported a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestine conflict, 24 hours after Donald Trump dropped US commitment to the policy.
The conflicting messages coming out of the new US administration reflected policy chaos in a week when the national security adviser was forced to resign over his contacts with Russia, and factions inside the White House continue to vie for dominance.
In Bonn, the French foreign minister, Jean-Marc Ayrault, emerged from his first meeting with the new US secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, to describe the Trump administration’s Middle East policy as “confused and worrying”.
Ayrault pointed to Trump’s remarks in a joint appearance with the Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, in which he explicitly abandoned the two decades-long US commitment to the creation of a Palestinian state alongside Israel as part of a final peace deal. 
“I’m looking at two-state and one-state, and I like the one that both parties like. I’m very happy with the one that both parties like,” Trump said. “I can live with either one.”
After his meeting with Tillerson at the sidelines of a G20 meeting, Ayrault said: “I wanted to remind him after the meeting between Donald Trump and Netanyahu that in France’s view, there are no other options other than the perspective of a two-state solution and that the other option which Tillerson brought up was not realistic, fair or balanced.” 
He did not give details about the option that Tillerson raised and the secretary of state did not take press questions, but he appears to have echoed Trump’s remarks suggesting other outcomes would be acceptable to the US.
“I found that there was a bit more precision even if I found that on the Israeli-Palestinian dossier it was very confused and worrying,” Ayrault told reporters. He also noted differences over the 2015 international nuclear deal with Iran, with the Trump administration wanting to review it “from scratch”.
Meanwhile the US ambassador to the UN, Nikki Haley, was adamant that US policy on Israeli-Palestinian issues had not changed.
“First of all, the two-state solution is what we support. Anybody that wants to say the United States does not support the two-state solution – that would be an error,” she told reporters at the UN headquarters in New York. Referring to Trump’s comments, she said: “We absolutely support the two-state solution, but we are thinking out of the box as well.” 
Adding to the confusion, Trump used his meeting with Netanyahu to urge him publicly to restrain Israeli settlement building on the West Bank. But his nominee for the US ambassadorship, his former bankruptcy lawyer, David Friedman, has been a long-term supporter of expanded settlements and even annexation of the West Bank.
At his Senate confirmation hearing on Thursday, Friedman distanced himself from many of his past policy positions and comments on the Middle East, including his rejection of a two-state solution.
“If Israelis and Palestinians are able to achieve a two-state solution, I would be delighted,” he said, noting there was no “appetite among Palestinians” for a one-state solution. He added he no longer supported the annexation of the West Bank. 
He repeatedly apologised for past verbal attacks on liberal American Jews, including the branding of Barack Obama and the state department as antisemitic and the description of the liberal Jewish advocacy group, J Street, as “worse than kapos” (Jews forced to act as guards in Nazi concentration camps). 
“There is no excuse for my offensive comments. I deeply regret them. They don’t reflect my character,” Friedman said.
Republicans on the committee indicated they were likely to support Friedman’s nomination, all but assuring his eventual confirmation. 
But the committee chairman, Senator Bob Corker, asked why he wanted the job so much if it meant “you have to recant every single strong held belief you’ve had”.
Friedman replied: “This is something I want to do because I think I can do it well and there is nothing more important to me than strengthening the bond between the US and Israel.”



ARTICLE
Infrastructure is finally in. Washington’s politicians may struggle through the capital’s terrible traffic to an inbox of complaints about crumbling roads, dams, airports from their constituents, but the political will to do anything has been bogged down by arguments about how to pay for it. Until now, potentially. 
Donald Trump campaigned on a pledge to rebuild America’s failing backbone and he doubled down on that pledge last week. This week he’ll be offered another chance to push for investment when the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) release its latest report on the state of America’s infrastructure. It’s expected to be bad.
Trump seems to have a genuine passion for rebuilding America. “Crumbling infrastructure will be replaced with new roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and railways gleaming across our beautiful land,” Trump said in his speech before Congress last Tuesday as he renewed a campaign promise, vowing to ask Congress for a $1tn infrastructure investment package financed through public and private capital.
Whether he will get to fulfill his promise remains to be seen.
Perhaps nowhere is the plight of US infrastructure – and the issues with fixing them – more obvious than on its roads. ASCE calculates that 32% of America’s roads are in poor or mediocre condition and 25% of its bridges are structurally deficient or obsolete. Bad roads and bridges will cost each American family $3,400 per year through 2025 unless something is done to improve their condition, according to the ASCE’s 2016 Failure to Act report.
Those potholes, cracks and poor surfaces add up to a $4.3tn investment deficit, according to the ASCE. It calculates that by 2025, failing roads will cost the American economy more than $2.2tn in lost business sales.
Fixing the situation is not going to be a simple task, as is amply demonstrated by a quick look at how infrastructure financing landed in its current predicament.
Stuck in political gridlock over the last six years Congress has passed 33 short-term measures rather than funding transportation for the long term.
State highway departments rely upon different revenue sources for funding, but a quarter of it is supposed to come from the federal Highway Trust Fund (HTF), which in turn receives its money from a federal fuel excise tax. The HTF was established by federal law in 1956, at a time when highway funding was coming out of the government’s general fund. That fund will expire in 2020 with no replacement currently in place.
Federal gasoline and diesel tax rates – which now stand at 18.4 cents and 24.4 cents per gallon, respectively – have not been raised since 1993. Since the beginning of the Great Recession in 2008, spending has outstripped the amount of money coming into the HTF. According to a report the Congressional Budget Office released last year, “lawmakers have transferred about $143bn from other sources to maintain a positive balance in the trust fund. Second, adjusted for changes in construction costs, total federal spending on highways buys less now than at any time since the early 1990s.”
Rocky Moretti, the policy director of Trip, a transportation research organization headquartered in Washington DC, said that post-recession economic recovery has brought increased vehicle travel, placing additional strain on roads – urban ones in particular. But a recent report by the Texas A&M Transportation Institute analyzing transportation in 471 urban areas showed that although vehicle miles had increased, fuel consumption had not risen above its pre-recession level by 2014, meaning fewer dollars had flowed into highway coffers.
According to the CBO since 2008, the federal government had transferred $65bn into the HTF from the US treasury’s general fund to cover the shortfall. Later that year, Barack Obama signed the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation (Fast) Act into law, buying time for the HTF by infusing an additional $70bn into it from the general fund. Joung Lee, the policy director for the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials, said the additional Fast Act funding is set to run out by 2020.
Fortunately, federal dollars don’t act alone on highway projects. State governments chip in about 40% and local agencies 35% to augment the federal government’s quarter share. Lee described highway funding as resembling a three-legged stool with federal, state and local legs.
“The state governments I’ve talked to say they still rely upon the federal leg when they’re funding a project,” he said. “States are raising revenue, but not to replace the federal portion of the investment.”
For the average commuter, these shortfalls in funding and the resulting deferred maintenance and upgrades translate into 34 hours of time lost to traffic delays each week, said Andrew Herrmann, who served as ASCE’s president in 2012. He also pointed out that 42% of America’s highways are congested, one in nine bridges are structurally deficient and that road conditions factor into a third of traffic fatalities.
With the post-2020 future of federal funding on shaky ground, the onus has fallen upon state and local governments to provide funding to repair and modernize highways and to provide missing links in critical economic development corridors.
“There’s a sense among state and local governments to stretch their funding as far as possible,” Moretti said. “The need for more costly repairs is coming due, so there’s a lot of pressure coming to bear on them to maintain the system.”
As a result, many state legislatures are at least discussing increasing gasoline and diesel taxes to raise revenue for highway projects. Carl Davis, the research director at the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy (ITEP), calculates that 21 states currently have gas tax increases on the table. But according to the ITEP another 22 states have not raised fuel taxes in more than 10 years and 16 states have kept fuel taxes static for more than 20 years.
Even with gas taxes set to increase in some states, ITEP’s report noted some problems inherent in such a system of revenue collection. Not the least is that vehicles are, on average, 17% more fuel efficient than in 1990, cutting into fuel tax revenue.
Other funding mechanisms under consideration at the state and federal levels include mileage-based user fees, expanded tolling, congestion pricing and, on larger projects, public-private partnerships. The latest information from the Trump administration indicates the potential for heavy reliance upon private investment.
Like the gas tax, all of these funding methods have their limitations. Lee said public-private partnerships typically work best in high-density corridors, and on projects in which backers are likely to realize a strong return on their investments. They are not, in other words, a cure-all. 
“The beauty of the fuel tax is efficiency,” Lee said, adding that the physical act of collecting tolls – whether by toll booth operator or electronically – usually eats 10 to 40% of the revenue. “With the federal gas tax, less than 1% of the revenue is spent on administration. We assume that a similar dynamic exists with the state fuel taxes.”
Another bonus to the fuel tax, he said, was that the gas tax is collected from fuel distributors, rather than individual motorists. Rather than having more than 260 million accounts to deal with – the number of vehicles on American roads in 2015 – the government can collect revenue directly from a few thousand fuel companies.
It’s clear that more creative methods will have to be employed to beef up highway funding in the future. But for now, increasing fuel taxes appears to be the most straightforward interim fix unless, or until, Trump manages to push through an infrastructure bill.
Such a bill is likely to face opposition from deficit hawks like Paul Ryan, speaker of the House. And although the president has said he planned to get the ball rolling on infrastructure soon, there are signs that the administration may wait until next year, when Democratic members of Congress are eager to support the sort of big projects voters tend to love. 
In the meantime America’s roads are only going to get worse. In 2013, the last time ASCE released its report, US roads got a D+ grade. No one is expecting them to get a passing grade this week.





ARTICLE
Jared Kushner, Donald Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, found himself back in the spotlight for better and for worse on Monday.
As the US president appointed him to a new White House role, it was revealed that Kushner would testify before a Senate committee investigating Russian interference in last year’s election.
With Kushner at its helm, Trump’s White House Office of American Innovation is designed to overhaul the federal government with input from the private sector, it was announced on Monday. The venture, which will bring together a team of former executives to privatize certain government functions, will follow through on the president’s business-minded approach to running the country.
The initiative, first reported by the Washington Post, was rolled out on the same day it was revealed that Kushner would testify before the Senate intelligence committee as part of its investigation into Russian interference in the US presidential election.
Kushner’s offer to appear before the Senate panel stems from his meeting with Sergey Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the US. The encounter at Trump Tower also included the former national security adviser Michael Flynn, who resigned from the Trump administration after misleading vice-president Mike Pence about the nature of his discussions with Kislyak.
Late on Monday a Russian bank under western economic sanctions over Russia’s incursion into Ukraine also disclosed that its executives had met Kushner during the election campaign. 
The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, said there was nothing “nefarious” about Kushner’s meeting with the Russian ambassador, while adding that Kushner had “volunteered” to answer questions from the Senate panel.
“Given the role that he played both during the campaign and the transition, he met with countless individuals,” Spicer told reporters Monday.“That was part of his job, that was part of his role, and he executed it completely as he was supposed to.”
A White House official said: “Throughout the campaign and transition, Jared Kushner served as the official primary point of contact with foreign governments and officials.
“Given this role, he has volunteered to speak with Chairman Burr’s committee, but has not yet received confirmation,” the official said, referring to the North Carolina senator Richard Burr, the chair of the Senate intelligence committee.
Burr and the leading Democrat on the committee said in a joint statement: “Mr Kushner will certainly not be the last person the committee calls to give testimony, but we expect him to be able to provide answers to key questions that have arisen in our inquiry.” They said the timing was still being determined.
Executives of Vnesheconombank (VEB) had talks with Kushner during a roadshow last year, Reuter reported late on Monday, citing an emailed statement from the bank. Meetings took place “with a number of representatives of the largest banks and business establishments of the United States, including Jared Kushner, the head of Kushner Companies”. VEB declined to say where the meetings took place or the dates.
There was no immediate comment from Kushner.
According to the Reuters report, US officials said that Kushner met in December with Sergei Gorkov, chairman of Vnesheconombank. White House spokeswoman Hope Hicks confirmed the meetings, saying nothing of consequence was discussed. 
Gorkov was appointed head of VEB in early 2016 by Vladimir Putin. He graduated from the Federal Security Service, or FSB, Russia’s internal security agency. He was awarded the Medal of the Order of Merit for Services to the Fatherland, according to the bank’s website.
To date, Kushner’s interactions with foreign diplomats, including the Russian envoy, have drawn far less scrutiny than Flynn’s. But then so have many of the 36-year-old mogul’s dealings since he traded his office in Manhattan for a perch at the side of the most powerful man in the country.
Married to Trump’s eldest daughter, Ivanka Trump, Kushner has been a decidedly quiet force in a White House marked by reality TV-style theatrics. While other top officials blitz the airwaves almost daily and anonymously text message reporters to feed into the administration’s drama, Kushner remains relatively media-shy.
But he is regarded as one of the few who truly has the president’s ear, a kindred spirit of sorts to Trump despite the latter’s bombastic public demeanor. Kushner, like his father-in-law, was born to a property mogul and pursued the family business of real estate development in Manhattan.
Both their fathers faced controversy. While Fred Trump was sued for discriminating against African Americans and Puerto Ricans seeking to rent apartments in his properties, Charles Kushner was jailed for tax evasion, making illegal campaign contributions and witness tampering.
It thus came as little surprise when Jared Kushner worked to oust Chris Christie as the chief of Trump’s transition team, even though the New Jersey governor had acted as one of the campaign’s most loyal surrogates. Although associates of Kushner downplayed his role in the decision, the moment was widely seen as an act of retribution since Christie prosecuted the case against Kushner’s father that led to his imprisonment more than a decade ago while Christie was serving as a US attorney.
To many, the move was indicative of Kushner’s growing prominence in Trump’s inner circle, as well as his shrewdness. 
By the last few months of Trump’s bid for the presidency, he had functioned as a de facto campaign manager and was even involved in approving individual radio advertising buys. It was an unlikely ascent to the national stage for a mild-mannered Harvard graduate who lacked political experience.
But Kushner played a key role in internal intrigue throughout the campaign, helping to trigger the departure of Trump’s first campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, in June. The two men had been feuding about the direction of the campaign and a source at the time told the Guardian that Lewandowski had been involved in planting negative stories about Kushner in the media. 
Kushner subsequently proved influential in Trump’s search for a running mate and reportedly nudged his father-in-law in Pence’s direction. 
But it was foreign affairs, namely the Israel-Palestine conflict, that became a focal point for Kushner that ultimately helped Trump lock down a key constituency in Washington. Kushner, an Orthodox Jew, met at length with the Israeli ambassador to the US, Ron Dermer, during the campaign and helped craft Trump’s address before the influential American Israel Public Affairs Committee at a time when his father-in-law faced skepticism from the pro-Israel lobby. 
When Kushner was named a senior adviser in the Trump White House, Middle East diplomacy was placed at the top of his agenda.
“If you can’t produce Middle East peace, nobody can,” Trump told his son-in-law on the eve of his 20 January inauguration. 
That task now appears to have taken a backseat to fixing the federal government. 
Hank Sheinkopf, a New York-based Democratic strategist, said Kushner’s evolving position was indicative of an inflection point in the early stages of Trump’s presidency.
“As the president gets into more trouble and has less to show for his time in office, the circle is tightening,” said Sheinkopf.
“The president will try to find people who can protect him, and Jared is one of them. As it gets tougher, his role will become more important, not less.”
Even as their exact roles remain unclear, Kushner and his wife, Ivanka, are frequently seen at Trump’s side for consequential meetings. 
They joined him for his first post-election encounter with a foreign leader, the Japanese prime minister, Shinzo Abe, at Trump Tower in November. More recently, they dined alongside Trump and the pro-Brexit UK politician Nigel Farage at Trump’s Washington hotel.
But their inability to impose discipline upon an unruly and chaotic start to the new administration calls into question whether Kushner and Ivanka Trump can truly influence the direction of Trump’s agenda. 
Even as strategic leaks tout the power couple’s efforts to serve as a moral conscience within White House – from advocating in favor of LGBT rights to seeking to protect Barack Obama’s climate change initiatives – Trump has pressed forth with the nationalist and conservative priorities upon which he campaigned. 
In a move that suggests such reports of their influence may be overstated, the president has already reversed Obama’s guidance on the use of bathrooms by transgender students and chipped away at environmental regulations; this week, he is poised to kill the clean power plan that was a cornerstone of his predecessor’s anti-climate change policy. 
Kushner’s decision to embark upon a ski vacation last week, as the Trump-backed Republican healthcare package floundered and collapsed, placed further distance between him and the president on yet another of his father-in-law’s more controversial policies.
Back in New York, he remains generally well-liked despite his association with the Trump White House.
“His great ability is to be very quiet – not flamboyant and very careful,” said Sheinkopf of Kushner’s reputation back home.
“The closest he came to major publicity is marrying into the Trump family.”
Additional reporting by Ben Jacobs. With Reuters



ARTICLE
Men in stetsons, check shirts and jeans swing their partners around to the thrum of drums, fiddle, keyboard and steel guitar of Mike Oldham & The Tone Rangers. The walls at Robert’s Western World in Nashville, Tennessee, are coated with beer logos spelled out in neon or on lampshades or mirrors, old concert posters, photos of country music greats and three rows of cowboy boots for sale. The tiled floor is barely visible under the heaving crowd.
At this and other honky tonk bars on Broadway, Nashville’s main tourist drag, the music is old country: songs about drink, divorce, hardscrabble heartbreak, the miserable struggle to make ends meet. It is a playlist that has taken on new resonance in the era of Donald Trump, like a requiem for white working class voters in small towns who, feeling left behind with nothing to lose, propelled him to the White House.
But Nashville is a booming city where southern civility, religion and conservatism collide with a young, creative and liberal population. Paradoxically, the heart of country music is increasingly at odds – in class, culture and politics – with the heartland that surrounds it. In this it mirrors the dislocation of other burgeoning American cities that are islands of Democratic blue in deep red Republican states.
“There is a vast gulf in ideology and approach to the world,” said Bruce Dobie, a Nashville-based media entrepreneur. “It’s just crazy right now. My street and city are overwhelmingly Democratic. We’re astonished by everything we see at the moment.”
Dobie estimated that when the US president rolled into Nashville on Wednesday for a campaign-style rally, around 80% of the crowd was from out of town. Trump’s warm-up acts were country singers the Gatlin Brothers and Lee Greenwood, whose rendition of “God bless the USA” earned a cheer with the words “to the hills of Tennessee”. Trump joined him on stage, grinned, shook his hand and raised two thumbs up as the crowd chanted “USA! USA!”, some with fists raised, in a near-religious frenzy.
“So I’m thrilled to be here in Nashville, Tennessee, the home of country music, southern hospitality and the great president Andrew Jackson,” Trump said, referring to the 19th-century populist described by the state museum as “champion of the common man” and notorious for forcing Native Americans off their land.
The crowd waved signs including “Promises made, promises kept”, “Lefty media lies” and “Women for Trump”. Carma Williams, 63, a retired office manager who had travelled from 70 miles away, said: “I love him because he’s honest. He’s doing everything he said he would do during the campaign. I think he’s the first president who’s done that.”
Outside the Nashville Municipal Auditorium there was a modest gathering of protesters. One stood out. James Walker was wearing a red “Make America great again” baseball cap, sunglasses, a beard, a black North Face jacket and khaki trousers. He held aloft a sign that said: “I’ve made a huge mistake.”
The 31-year-old explained: “I voted for Trump. I thought it would be a positive change, a change that Obama didn’t come through on, and it would shake things up. It has shaken things up but in a bad way. I realise now that some of the things that were just campaign promises seemed to carry on beyond the election and become a reality.”
Walker, who grew up in California and spent two years in the military, said he ordered the trademark “Make America great again” hat many weeks ago but it had only just arrived. “So that was the spark: I know what I’m going to do with this.”
He expressed a desire for atonement. “I don’t know what that’s going to be but this is the first step: showing up and being honest.”
Walker now works as a wine broker and lives across the Cumberland river in east Nashville, dubbed the city’s “own Brooklyn” with its embrace of beards, tattoos and artisanal foods, along with Jack White’s record label and an explosion of diverse guitar bands and songwriters. Walker added: “It’s mostly Democratic, blue territory. Only a few of my friends admitted to voting for Trump and did so in confidence. Today is the first day I’ve gone public.”
Beside him at Wednesday’s demonstration was Lisa Kaas Boyle, an environmental attorney holding a bag that posed the question: “What would Dolly do?” – a reference to country music hall-of-famer Dolly Parton, who supports gay rights but said of Trump and rival Hillary Clinton: “I think they’re both nuts.” Surveying the queue of thousands of Trump supporters that snaked up and around and down a grassy hill, she said: “I’m shocked by this huge turnout. It really feels like a gut punch for me. I’m sure they came from far and wide. It’s shocking to me that people have no regard for their fellow Americans.”
Boyle has just returned to Nashville after 30 years, partly to be close to family and partly in response to Hillbilly Elegy, author JD Vance’s personal insight into problems of the white working class including alcoholism, divorce, domestic violence, drugs and hopelessness. As the Washington Post put it, elites in both parties are studying the book as “a sort of Rosetta Stone” to understand the conditions that enabled the rise of Trump.
The 52-year-old, said: “After reading Hillbilly Elegy, I feel progressives have to be involved. I can’t just hang out in California with my like-minded friends. I have to make a difference here.”
In last year’s election, Trump trounced Hillary Clinton by 26% in Tennessee, a “Bible belt” state that was the birthplace of the Ku Klux Klan and was last won by a Democrat when Bill Clinton, a southerner, carried it in 1996. Among the few counties he did not win were those containing Memphis and Nashville.
Now, Nashville is thriving with an influx of young professionals priced out of other cities. A record 13.9 million people visited the area in 2016, up 45% over the past decade. The music industry is worth $10bn to the region, according to a 2013 report commissioned by the Music City Music Council, and includes Americana, jazz and other genres as well as country.
It has come a long way since the Grand Ole Opry barn dance became a radio hit in the 1940s, leading to a recording industry and stars from Hank Williams then to Taylor Swift today. It has long been seen as music of the conservative heartland – when Elton John denied a rumour that he would perform Trump’s inauguration, he suggested, “Why not ask ... one of those fucking country stars? They’d do it for you” – but its relationship with politics has always been more complex than often assumed.
Bob Dylan, the troubadour responsible for some of the 60s’ defining protest songs, spent the end of the decade in Nashville and collaborated with Johnny Cash, “the man in black” who performed for presidents and prisoners. Merle Haggard’s 1969 Okie from Muskogee was regarded as a conservative anthem but he later defended the Dixie Chicks after they condemned George W Bush’s invasion of Iraq and recorded a song in support of Hillary Clinton.
During last year’s presidential election an informal survey conducted by the trade publication Country Aircheck found that 46% of industry professionals supported Trump while 41% favoured Clinton. But unlike Hollywood, most prefer to remain silent, perhaps fearing that any declaration of allegiance risks losing half their audience.
Earlier this month an analysis by BuzzFeed found that of the 87 artists currently on either Billboard’s Top Country Albums or Hot Country Songs charts, only five – Sturgill Simpson, Justin Moore, Chris Janson, Maren Morris and the Brothers Osborne – have gone on the record with clear pro or anti-Trump views.
Sitting at the bar at the Red Door Saloon in east Nashville, Clay Johnson, 29, a composer, said: “Trump probably got a lot more support from country music artists than hip-hop artists. But there are a lot of liberal artists. It would be wrong to paint them all as conservatives.”
Musing on the urban-rural divide, he added: “In rural Tennessee you’ll see people who’ve lived there and grown up there. In Nashville people tend to come and go like in any city. It’s population versus space. It’s shitty how one side can dictate how the other side lives because they live different lives. It’s the same anywhere. When you live in the city, it’s different from living on a farm.”
At another table as the clock ticked past 1am was Zie Campbell, 25, a freelance illustrator and teacher. “Tennessee is a red state, Nashville is not,” she said. “It’s a melting pot, as much of a New York as it’s going to get down here. This has been very hard for our specific community because we are surrounded by ignorance and bigotry.
“In the rural areas there’s not a desire to experience anything else. ‘My dad smokes Marlboro Reds, I’ll smoke Marlboro Reds. My dad listens to Johnny Cash, I’ll listen to Johnny Cash.’ In the city you don’t have that option any more: whether or not you are seeking it, you’re forced to see others.”
Campbell’s parents live 220 miles away in Knoxville. Her father voted for Trump but she found Clinton’s defeat “devastating”. She continued: “I am an example of the exact opposite of my dad’s opinions. When the sexual harassment allegations against Trump came out, my dad and I had a long conversation. I cried. We decided we’re not talking politics after that.”
How can the rift between urban and rural, between blue and red, be healed? “I don’t know if there is something to be done,” Campbell said. “I don’t think anyone is trying to sway anyone else. I don’t think there’s a whole lot of grey area.”
Dobie, the media entrepreneur, said: “That’s the $64m question. If you’re a modern Democrat you’re not in the mood to pussyfoot any more, having been subjected to what amounted to the bombing of Dresden in the last election. Trump committed Dresden. No one is in the mood be accommodating or easy.
“We’re now in a moment when I don’t see much room for sitting around the campfire and holding hands. If the other side is willing to bomb Dresden, how do you fight that? You really have to take it to the streets.”
Both parties are likely to compete fiercely for what might be described as the country music constituency. Dobie said: “Struggling to meet bills, shooting a deer, breaking up with your girlfriend – the lyrics of the country song speak the needs, desires and concerns of the conservative folk and that’s why it’s been successful.
“That’s the crowd we’re all talking about. That’s the demographic that’s up for grabs in America and Clinton couldn’t harness. Trump got the bubbas to the polls; Clinton did not. The bubbas are listening to country music.”
The divisions here are reflected across America, after an election that exposed brutal faultines and the education split among whites was said to be the critical factor. 
Nadine Hubbs, a professor of music at the University of Michigan and author of Rednecks, Queers, and Country Music, said: “In the US, our cities are places where many of us go to prosper while small towns or exurbs or suburbs are often places where people are left behind.
“Nashville and Austin [in Texas] are really good examples of this phenomenon. To bridge the gap there are economic inequalities we need to pay attention to. Often the most unbridgeable gaps are the ones created by contempt for another group: lack of respect and stripping of dignity.
“The way people who are prospering look down on folks who are in rural spaces, often associated with country music, creates the kind of divisions that are really hard to bridge. 
“The elites talk about the need for education of people in rural spaces; well, we know almost nothing about them. The economic and social segregation of the classes is worse maybe than it’s ever been in our history.”



ARTICLE
Jeff Sessions just had the worst day in Washington, but by his own measure of justice, it wasn’t bad enough.
After confirmation of news that he met twice with the Russian ambassador in 2016 and that investigators looked into those previously undisclosed contacts, he woke up to a very grim political fate. By midday the justice department was swarmed with protesters yelling “lock him up”; Keith Ellison, citing US Code – Section 1621 noted that lying under oath carries a potential five-year prison term”; Chuck Schumer had announced he should resign “for the good of the country”; and even Republican lawmakers were moonwalking quietly away.
In light of this unmitigated disaster, Sessions has announced he will recuse himself from all inquiry around Russia and the election, in consultation with his staff. “I asked for their candid and honest opinion,” Sessions said on Thursday of his role in the FBI’s Russia investigation. “My staff recommended recusal. They said that since I had involvement with the campaign I should not be involved in any campaign investigation … Therefore,” he concluded, “I have recused myself in the matters that deal with the Trump campaign.”
But recusal is not enough. And even Sessions, in similar circumstances, has admitted as much.
At issue is a private conversation he had in September with the Russian ambassador, Sergey Kislyak, a meeting that took place during the height of concern regarding Russia’s cyber efforts to influence US presidential election.
But the bigger problem for Sessions is these revelations appear to be in direct conflict with what he has said previously – under oath. “I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I did not have communications with the Russians,” he said in response to a question from Al Franken during a confirmation hearing back in January.
For the nation’s highest law enforcement officer to swear under oath he had no contact with the Russians during the campaign and for reports to surface otherwise is no small thing. And still more kerosene was thrown on Sessions fire by a letter written by Patrick Leahy in which he put the question to Sessions bluntly.
“Have you been in contact with anyone connected to any part of the Russian government about the 2016 election, either before or after election day?” Leahy wrote back during the confirmation process. Sessions answer was a categorical: “No.”
His defenders have made it clear they believe Sessions was entitled to make that succinct answer to a question framed narrowly about the election campaign, but the Franken question was more open – and his answer more troubling.
Sessions’s move to recuse himself this afternoon is a good first step, but Republicans’ refusal to defend him also signaled it was the only viable option. Even the Republican House oversight committee chair, Jason Chaffetz, a man who has long resisted calls to investigate Trump’s potential business conflicts of interest even as he has vowed to investigate Hillary Clinton’s emails with undying fervor, said early on Thursday morning that the step was necessary.
Among the only people who thought Sessions didn’t need to recuse himself, interestingly, was Trump. “I don’t think so,” he said, when asked on Thursday afternoon if recusal was necessary. (Trump also said he was unaware any such meetings took place).
There is, by contrast, evidence that even in Sessions’s own view of such matters, recusal doesn’t go nearly far enough.
Case in point: in the late 1990s Sessions argued that lying about sex in a deposition for a civil lawsuit constituted an impeachable offense. What then would be the proper response to a man charged with lying under oath about meeting with a rival foreign government?
At the very least, a criminal investigation with possible perjury charges, it seems.
Sessions insisted on Thursday afternoon that in his reply to Franken he was “honest and correct as I understood it at the time”. But that doesn’t make any sense: he had full knowledge of who he did and did not meet with.
Many legal experts agree recusal is not enough. Harvard constitutional law professor Laurence Tribe has argued Sessions has perjured himself, while Richard Painter, George W Bush’s chief ethics lawyer, put it in even starker terms. “Misleading the Senate in sworn testimony about one’s own contacts with the Russians is a good way to go to jail,” he said.
Then there’s the fact that it’s particularly difficult to fall back on the wisdom of Sessions’s staff given their bungling initial response to the revelation.
Their initial argument – that Sessions met with the Russian ambassador only in his official capacity as a member of the Senate armed services committee, not as an adviser to the Trump campaign – passed neither the common sense test, nor the reporting test (20 of the 26 members of that committee, including its chairman, John McCain, immediately said they’d had zero contact with the Russian ambassador in the last year).
We shouldn’t trust them now. Nor should we be distracted from the fact that there are many pressing questions Sessions has yet to answer.
What did he talk about with the Russian ambassador? Did Donald Trump or his top advisers know about meetings? Did he knowingly deceive Congress in his confirmation hearing? If he can’t provide satisfactory answers, it’s hard to see how he deserves his post.
And tellingly, his own response to the Monica Lewinsky scandal suggests as much. “I am concerned about a president under oath being alleged to have committed perjury,” Sessions said of Clinton in an interview with C-Span at the time. “I hope that he can rebut that and prove that did not happen.”
We hope so too, Mr Sessions. But right now, things don’t look so good: if you just sub “president” out for Jeff Sessions, the same thing is true.
For as he said himself in that very interview, “no one is above the law.”
How’s that for writing your own political epitaph?



ARTICLE
Health and human services secretary
Representative Tom Price has spent his political career as a penny-pinching, ideologically driven physician who has rarely crossed party lines on key votes. He is one of Donald Trump’s most controversial cabinet picks, because of his hardline stances against abortion, same-sex marriage and the Affordable Care Act (ACA, also known as Obamacare). The medical community is split on Price’s appointment.
Before his career in politics, Price was an orthopedic surgeon in a well-heeled suburb north of Atlanta, Georgia. His wife, Betty, also a doctor, serves as a Republican member of the Georgia house of representatives.
If confirmed, Price would head the sprawling $1.1tn Department of Health and Human Services, overseeing everything from food safety to epidemic crisis management. He would also be in charge of administering the country’s largest public insurance programs, which he has spent his career attempting to downsize.
This is Price’s second hearing, and it’s the one that matters. Appearing before the finance committee, which holds the power to approve his nomination, Price was diplomatic and respectful, without revealing much about his views or what the new administration’s healthcare plans will look like. 
Obamacare repeal plan: Price helped author Republicans’ most comprehensive ACA replacement plans, and Democrats will look for clues about what Republicans’ new plan will include (as well as its weaknesses).
A term that will likely be heard again and again is “access”. Where Democrats strived for all Americans to have insurance, Republican alternatives have strived for all Americans to have “access” to coverage. In other words, Republicans want people to have the option, but not the requirement, to buy insurance.
That imperils many of the ACA’s most popular provisions, such as a guarantee that young adults can stay on their parents’ insurance until they are 26 years old, or a requirement that insurance be sold to people even if they have had previous illnesses.
Trump has also contradicted his nominee, promising “insurance for everybody” in an interview with the Washington Post.
During Tuesday’s hearing, Senate Democrats repeatedly pressed Price on what the replacement plan for Obamacare would look like under Trump, but he declined to provide any specifics. Ohio senator Sherrod Brown asked if it was true that Price and Trump were working together on a plan, to be revealed after Price’s confirmation. “It’s true that he said that, yes,” Price said, to laughs from the room. After Brown asked if Trump lied, Price said, “I have had conversations with the president about healthcare, yes.” 
Price, a longtime ACA critic, slammed the current healthcare system. “Many individuals have coverage, they have a card, but they don’t have any care ... It’s imperative we have a system that is accessible for every American, affordable for every American,” he said, without providing any additional detail on what that might look like.
Stocks, docs and devices: In his first hearing, Price was pressed on his purchase of health stocks while he was a leading voice on health policy in the House of Representatives, and the subject is likely to come up again. 
His most notable purchase was for an Australian company called Innate Immunotherapeutics, where he bought between $50,000 and $100,000 of stock at a discount (it is now worth around $500,000). The company holds no patents, but has one drug in development to treat an advanced form of multiple sclerosis. Its largest investor is the New York Republican congressman Chris Collins, who was part of Trump’s transition team, and other investors are connected to Collins. The deal occurred during negotiations on the 21st Century Cures Act. 
The former surgeon has advocated on behalf of laws that benefit doctors, including limits on medical malpractice suits.
Price’s other investments include $15,000 of stock in Zimmer Biomet, a producer of joint replacement devices. It was purchased less than a week before he introduced the HIP Act, which would have delayed reforms that would have cost the device company money, though the legislation died in committee. An aide told CNN that Price was unaware of the transaction because a broker managed his account.
During Tuesday’s hearing, Democratic senator Ron Wyden quizzed Price repeatedly on his Immunotherapeutics stocks, asking him if his purchases of stocks while sitting on committees responsible for healthcare policy “shows bad judgment”. Price responded that “everything I did was above board, ethical, legal and transparent”, noting that there wasn’t “any maliciousness involved” in saying his stocks were worth between $50,000 and $100,000 when in reality they are worth nearly half a million dollars, as “I thought it meant the time at which I purchased the stock”.
Republicans jumped in to defend Price’s financial investments. Senator Richard Burr of North Carolina noted that he believed the nominee made his financial disclosures public as asked and yet was getting criticized by the Democrats: “Does it burn you that they want to hold you to a different standard?” he asked. Price replied: “We know what’s going on here. And I understand. And as my wife tells me, I volunteered for this.”
Cuts to Medicare and Medicaid: Price’s past proposals to replace the ACA have been radical.
He proposed changing Medicaid, a health program for the poor, into a block grant, something experts say and history shows would almost certainly precipitate cuts. He has advocated for privatizing Medicare, a public health program for the elderly. And he has voted against expanding public health programs that insure impoverished children.
Price has also advocated adding work requirements to Medicaid for “able-bodied” adults. Some states, such as vice-president Mike Pence’s home state of Indiana, proposed work requirements for Medicaid. The Obama administration blocked them.
At Tuesday’s hearing, numerous senators questioned Price on Medicaid. After queries from Democrat Bob Menendez, Price said Medicaid was a “vital service” but “one that has significant challenges”, noting that one in three physicians who should have been accepting Medicaid would not do it.
McCaskill and other senators pressed Price on whether he was in favor of block grants, which give states a set amount of money to spend on Medicaid. 
“I’m in favor of making certain Medicaid is a system that responds to patients, not the government,” Price said. McCaskill continued on the topic later, noting that Price served as chairman of the budget committee and the 2017 budget pushed for block grants. “You said over and over again that you favored block granting Medicaid ... you cut Medicaid by a trillion dollars in your 2017 budget. And yet today you want to stand on some notion of ‘whatever you guys do is fine’. And that’s just not reality, Congressman. What’s reality is you’ve been chosen for your beliefs and your beliefs are reflected by your budget that you wrote as chairman of the committee.”
Price objected to the Washington Democratic senator Maria Cantwell’s suggestion that the administration is creating a “war on Medicaid”. “I would respectfully, Senator, take issue with your description of a ‘war on Medicaid’,” Price said. “What we desire and want to do is make certain that Medicaid population is able to receive the highest quality care.”
Controlling drug prices: Trump has advocated for foreign imports of prescription drugs and government negotiations with drug companies – Price has voted against both.
It’s another issue in which the president and Price find themselves on opposite sides. Allowing the federal government to negotiate drug prices through the Medicare program has typically been a Democratic platform, and it’s one that Democrats will push as good policy during Price’s hearing.
During the hearing, Wyden asked Price about Trump’s plan to lower the price of medicine through negotiation with drug companies, which Price has opposed in the past. “We’re committed to making certain that drug prices are able to be afforded by individuals,” Price said. After a tense exchange with Wyden, he added: “I think it is important to have the conversation and look at whether or not there is a better way to do that. If there is, then I’m certainly open to it,” Price said.
Women’s healthcare: At every turn, Price has attempted to shut doors to abortion access. He voted in favor of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Act, which would have banned abortion at 20 weeks.
Price is in favor of defunding Planned Parenthood, and introduced a bill to do so through the budget reconciliation process, which was vetoed by Obama last year.
A repeal of the ACA would have drastic impacts for women. Before the ACA went into effect, women paid more for insurance – simply because they were women, according to the National Women’s Law Center. Pregnancy was considered a pre-existing condition. The ACA made contraception available to women for no “copay” or prescription charge.
Asked about ensuring access to free contraception, Price said during the hearing: “I think contraception is absolutely imperative for many, many women and the system that we ought to have in place is one that allows women to be able to purchase the kind of contraception they desire.”
Menendez questioned Price on some dangerous health myths, including whether abortions cause breast cancer and whether vaccinations cause autism. Price responded by pointing to the science, which overwhelmingly says no. Menendez asked if Price would “debunk false claims” regarding public health, to which the nominee responded that he would do due diligence in providing factual public health information based on science.
Mazin Sidahmed contributed to this report



ARTICLE
Donald Trump may not look like a conservative, act like a conservative or sound like a conservative, but he has been governing like one.
Many Republican activists are satisfied with the first 70 days of his administration. In conversations with such figures this week, issues such as Trump’s controversial travel bans or the resignation of national security adviser Michael Flynn did not come up. Instead, optimism centered around efforts to roll back Obama-era regulations and the nomination of Neil Gorsuch to fill the vacant supreme court seat.
Grover Norquist, a long-time and vocal activist, leader of Americans for Tax Reform, said: “On the deregulatory front he’s been phenomenal.” Trump’s picks to staff his administration, Norquist said, were “all people who understand the costs of the regulatory burden and are committed to ruling back the over-regulations of both George W Bush and Obama”.
This was echoed by Matt Schlapp, head of the American Conservative Union. His organization, he said, was “really happy with the team [Trump has] put around himself and the executive orders he’s been rolling out”.
Norquist said that while Trump’s “background isn’t Reagan Republican” he thought the 45th president had come around to that mindset “whether by instinct or what he’s learned”. 
He noted that while Trump, a former Democratic donor who has promised spending on infrastructure and health “insurance for everybody”, had come to that position by a slightly unusual path – “he talks about ‘jobs, jobs, jobs’ and not ‘liberty, liberty, liberty’” – he had produced a conservative result. 
“His answers were all conservative even if his phrasing appeared to be populist,” said Norquist.
It also helped, Norquist said, that Trump ran for president against Hillary Clinton, who he said was the antithesis of Reagan Republicanism. The result was that if Trump was against everything the former secretary of state was for, he had no choice but to be a Reagan Republican. This process had been amplified, Norquist said, by Trump’s rejection by “the establishment left … whose job it is to seduce you when it comes to DC”.
Schlapp argued that Trump is more conservative than he seems. In his opinion skeptics on the right have not been paying attention.
“I think they didn’t listen,” he said, “and they didn’t take Trump seriously and they didn’t spend time with him and when you spend time with him, he has conservative instincts.
“I believe Barack Obama had a big impact on him,” Schlapp added, saying that “people who were less partisan thought Obama presidency was a great chance for our country to bridge the divide”. 
“A lot of Republicans who I know who voted for Obama thought that actually he might find this third way and find a way to bridge partisan divide and I think what people saw with Obama was a very aggressive liberal agenda and I think there was a backlash to Obama.”
Furthermore, Schlapp said, a robust conservative movement always provides strong guardrails on executive appointments made by Republican administrations. Trump’s selection of Gorsuch, for example, came from a list of potential supreme court picks that his campaign worked up with the Heritage Foundation, a prominent think tank that has influenced other moves by the Trump administration.
Despite all the steps taken through executive orders and White House support for congressional efforts to overturn rules instituted by Obama in his final months in office, Trump is without actual legislative success. The failure of the American Health Care Act (AHCA), the proposed replacement for Obamacare, hit hard.
After the AHCA was pulled, finger-pointing ensued across the Republican party. Some blamed Speaker Paul Ryan and House leadership; others blamed the hard-right Freedom Caucus, whose refusal to back the bill was an important factor in its collapse. But no blame was cast towards Trump directly. Supporters and opponents of the bill went out of their way to praise the president’s involvement.
“Legislation is obviously a lot of work, a lot of detail, a lot of titles and a lot of legal interpretation and so it’s just harder,” said Schlapp, a veteran of the George W Bush White House, in discussing the work involved in passing a bill compared with that of naming a political appointee. 
Some House Republicans, Schlapp said, were frustrated that they could not improve the process of pushing the AHCA into law.
Norquist, though, laid the blame for the AHCA’s fall on the Freedom Caucus, who he called “the Know Nothing caucus”. Such hard-right figures, he said, felt Trump was stealing their spotlight. 
Their objection “appears to be the same that some conservatives had to [former speaker] Newt Gingrich”, he said: “That he sucks all the oxygen out of the room and Gingrich is always taking everyone’s ideas and massaging them and making them his own.”
Although Trump has been aggressive on Twitter towards the Freedom Caucus, they have shrugged such shots aside. One member, Justin Amash of Michigan, tweeted on Friday of the AHCA: “Didn’t vote for #Swampcare because it’s just another version of #Obamacare – and just as dysfunctional (which is pretty hard to pull off).”
Norquist said: “I’m not surprised by … the odd reactions by some people who want to be Mr Conservative if the president is always sitting in that spot.”
Trump’s work on appointments and deregulation have not appeased all conservatives. Bill Kristol, founder of the the Weekly Standard and former chief of staff to Vice-President Dan Quayle, told the Guardian: “Trump’s pretty much been as bad as I expected.” 
Kristol, who was a “Never Trump” Republican in 2016, said that while Trump has “done some individually good things … he lacks both the character and judgment as well as the qualifications for the job and lacks most conservative policies or principles”.
While Trump had some legitimate conservative accomplishments, he said, “some of it depends on how you weight some decent policy choices … against real irresponsibility in certain respects on foreign policy and general disregard for constitutional and institutional norms”. 
Furthermore, Kristol said, every move for which Trump is being praised by conservatives would have been done by any other Republican president. Trump is effectively being graded on a curve.
To Kristol, the ongoing controversies surrounding Russia and investigating claims of wiretapping were “getting into Watergate and Iran-Contra territory”. And he added, “it’s just one thing”.
However, such concerns have yet to concern many conservatives. Although Trump’s approval rating is mired at historic lows for a newly elected president, under 40%, he has loyal support among the rank and file: in one recent poll, 84% of self-identified Republicans supported him.
As Schapp pointed out, at CPAC in February, an event that was a center of disdain for Trump in 2016, attendees were almost universally happy with the president.
“They’re really happy with what they’re seeing with the Trump administration,” said Schapp, whose organization hosts the annual conservative conference. “His agenda and the president are held in high esteem.”
After all, the Trump administration is shrinking the size of government – or, as adviser Steve Bannon put it at CPAC, “deconstructing the administrative state”. Despite the troubles and controversies that dog the president, that is still what is most important to many on the right.



ARTICLE
Sir Kim Darroch, British ambassador to the US, rarely misses an opportunity to point out that Donald Trump regards the meeting of minds between Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher as a model for the president’s own relationship with Theresa May.
Continuing an age-old dance between prime minister and president, May will on Friday become the first foreign leader to visit Trump at the White House. While the president has declared his intent to put “America first” in all things, London scents an opening with a man whose mother was British and who restored a bust of Winston Churchill to the Oval Office within hours of moving in.
It was Churchill, born to an American, who coined the phrase “special relationship” (as well as “iron curtain”) during a lecture tour of the US after the second world war. The affinity has been publicly reaffirmed by both sides ever since but proved notoriously lopsided as America surged to superpower status and Britain faded into the second rank. While most US presidents are instantly recognisable to the British, few prime ministers have left their mark across the pond.
“There is something faintly demeaning about these prime ministerial jaunts to Washington,” journalist Andrew Marr wrote in the Independent in 1994. “No Briton with a residual flicker of patriotism can be entirely happy at our doglike desperation to be noticed, to receive a few kind words, have a stick thrown, be reassured by the Nice Man in the Big House that we are still more valuable than the other mutts in town.”
Personalities, and personal chemistry, have been part of the narrative, at least symbolically. Churchill and Franklin D Roosevelt (FDR) were wartime allies against Hitler. On one occasion at the White House, a naked Churchill opened his door to Roosevelt and said, “You see, Mr President, I have nothing to hide from you.” Both men laughed.
Relations turned sour in the 1950s when Anthony Eden authorised military action in Egypt to regain control of the Suez canal, taking Dwight Eisenhower by surprise. Trump adviser Thomas Stewart, a former US naval officer, said: “Eden kept Eisenhower in the dark. That damaged relations and affected communications between the UK and US for quite a while. Eden and the Americans were wounded by the lack of trust.”
The surprising friendship between Conservative Harold Macmillan and the much younger Democrat John F Kennedy is the subject of a book, Harold and Jack, by Christopher Sandford. “The two leaders had exchanged not only formal messages but also a steady flow of handwritten notes, Christmas and birthday cards, congratulations, and, on occasion, condolences,” the author records.
Macmillan also had an American mother and his wife was the aunt of Lord Hartington, killed in action in 1944 shortly after he married JFK’s sister Kathleen. It was Macmillan who said of the British and Americans: “We are the Greeks to their Romans.”
From 1966 to 1969, the torch passed to Harold Wilson and Lyndon Johnson. The British prime minister resisted pressure to send troops to Vietnam, unlike Tony Blair in Iraq a generation later. After one call, he said: “Lyndon Johnson is begging me even to send a bagpipe band to Vietnam.”
The 1970s brought Heath/Nixon and Callaghan/Carter, but it was the years 1981-89 that delivered the ideological soulmates Thatcher, a Conservative, and Reagan, a Republican, both for the free market, against big government and devoutly anti-communist. They rode horses and golf buggies together.
Thatcher once declared: “Your problems, will be as our problems, and when you look for friends we shall be there.” She was, however, critical of Reagan over the US invasion of Grenada.
Stewart recalled how Thatcher visited towards the end of Reagan’s presidency, when he was under pressure over the Iran-Contra affair, and gave an interview that strongly praised him. “As she was leaving, at the airport, Reagan gave her a call and said, ‘Margaret, thank you.’ All the cabinet members gave her applause of appreciation.”
Stewart, who met Thatcher, added: “She was a rock solid individual. She understood it was a force multiplier having the UK and US together and it really was a special relationship. We were able to face down the Soviet empire to the extent that they changed who they were.”
The inversion of Thatcher/Reagan came in the 1990s with Tony Blair of Labour and Bill Clinton of the Democrats, both of whom grew up in the post-war era and studied at Oxford University. Clinton’s New Democrats were hugely influential on Tony Blair’s New Labour with youth, a shiny rebranding and a shift to the political centre ground.
Sidney Blumenthal, a former assistant and senior adviser to Clinton, introduced him to Blair before he became prime minister. “It was probably the closest relationship of an American president and a British prime minister devoted to a common purpose, even more so than FDR and Churchill,” he said. “They of course were partners in the defeat of Nazi Germany but FDR was not devoted to the future of the British empire. He came to distrust Churchill as a military strategist and overrode him.
“When Bill Clinton emerged he was the sole political leader of his kind in the west and when Blair became prime minister, there was a kind of movement. They had to establish liberal and progressive politics as best they could while having to contend with Reaganism and Thatcherism. What happened has been overshadowed and discoloured by Blair and Bush.”
This was an unlikelier coupling. Not long after his inauguration in 2001, George W Bush invited the prime minister to a retreat at Camp David. At a press conference, the two leaders were asked if they had found any common ground. “Well, we both use Colgate toothpaste,” Bush joked. Blair shot back: “They are going to wonder how you know that George.”
Blair was criticised as “Bush’s poodle” after throwing in his lot with the disastrous US military invasion of Iraq. When Bush presented Blair with the Presidential Medal of Freedom in January 2009, one headline dubbed it a “medal of dishonour”.
Then came Gordon Brown and Barack Obama. Once again, the unrequited neediness of Britain was on display. In 2009, Brown tried five times to arrange a meeting with Obama on the fringes of the UN general assembly in September 2009, only to be granted a “snatched conversation” in a New York kitchen.
The removal of Jacob Epstein’s bust of Churchill was seen by some as evidence of Obama’s antipathy towards the UK, although British officials said it had simply been on loan as a personal gift from Blair to Bush for the duration of his presidency and was always expected to then be returned.
Obama had a stronger relationship with Germany’s Angela Merkel than with his British counterparts. She received his final phone call to a foreign leader from the White House, a telling contrast from May being the first to meet Trump. The pendulum swings again.
Luke Coffey, director of the Foreign Policy Center at the Washington-based Heritage Foundation thinktank – which contains a Margaret Thatcher Center for Freedom – said: “I’m optimistic about this relationship. You’ve got someone who’s not going to be down on the prime minister over the Brexit issue and who wants to do a trade deal.”
Coffey, former special adviser to Britain’s former defence secretary Liam Fox, added: “The important point about the special relationship is it shouldn’t matter who’s in 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue or Number 10 Downing Street. It has to rise above the personalities and the political parties.
“A lot have a very romantic idea of the special relationship, especially from a UK perspective. It’s first and foremost about military and intelligence cooperation. When you add on other conditions then perhaps it’s not seen as special as people would like.”



ARTICLE
A feeble win for a Republican in a special congressional election in deep Donald Trump country on Tuesday hung tantalizingly, for Democrats, as a potential signal of voter discontent with the president and of a restored congressional majority in the unexpectedly near future.
But the apparent single-digit victory by state treasurer Ron Estes over Democrat James Thompson in Kansas’ fourth congressional district was explained away by Republicans as the result of low turnout and voter discontent with one of the country’s least popular governors.
Republicans from the president down made the election, in a district Trump won by 27 points in November, a focus over the last week, with Trump calling Estes “a wonderful guy” on Twitter Tuesday morning. Trump and vice president Mike Pence recorded robocalls to stoke Republican turnout in the race, and senator Ted Cruz hosted a rally in Kansas Monday.
Thompson, a first-time candidate, blamed the national pressure for derailing his surprisingly strong bid. 
“I’m probably not supposed to say this, but Mr Estes did not beat us,” Thompson told supporters Tuesday night. “It took a president of the United States, and the vice president, the Speaker of the House, a senator coming into our state, and a bunch of lies, to try to drum up a vote.”
The chairman of the national Republican congressional committee said the result heralded victories to come. “By electing Ron Estes, Kansas rejected the far-left policies of liberal activists and voted to keep delivering on the promises we made to the American people,” Steve Stivers said in a statement.
The special election was held to replace CIA director Mike Pompeo, who was the representative for Wichita, Kansas and environs before being elevated by Trump. The Associated Press called the race at about 10.45pm ET.
Estes ran behind Trump by double digits in many counties, while Thompson performed better than 2016 Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. The district has not sent a Democrat to Capitol Hill in more than 20 years.
A drag on Estes’ performance, however, was governor Sam Brownback, whose veto of bipartisan legislation to expand healthcare in the state survived a challenge in the legislature earlier this month. Brownback, who helped to ruin the state’s credit rating and kill economic growth by enacting a purist program for fiscal austerity, is the second-least-popular governor in the nation, according to recent polling. (Trump intimate Chris Christie topped the list.)
 
Sensing blood in the water, Democrats poured in hundreds of thousands of dollars in last-minute contributions for Thompson. Republicans responded in kind.
The prize was elevated for Democrats because the district is home to Koch Industries, the business concern of Charles and David Koch, the Republican mega-donors. 
Democratic donations were gathered from grassroots donors, while Republicans called on the national establishment, including the National Republican Congressional Committee, which entered the race with televised ads. The seat had been held by a single Democrat, Dan Glickman, since the second world war.
The pot was sweetened for Democrats by the prospect of a heartland collapse for the president’s party fewer than 100 days into Trump’s presidency. With the failure of a Republican-led Congress to pass healthcare legislation and seemingly tough going ahead for a similar effort to enact tax reform, progressives are nursing hopes that a strong result in the 2018 midterm elections could strip Trump of the chance to notch a first legislative victory. 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump has launched a sweeping law and order programme to crack down on “the menace of rising crime” and deliver on his promise to do more to protect the police.
As Jeff Sessions was sworn in as attorney general in the Oval Office, the president also moved aggressively to smash international drug cartels and and set up a taskforce on crime reduction and public safety.
Trump, with Sessions at his side, ran a fiery election campaign that put an emphasis on protecting police, citing slogans such as “blue lives matter” rather than the victims of excessive use of police force, a focus of Black Lives Matter protests.
And after waiting more than three weeks to get his hardline attorney general in place, Trump moved swiftly to sign three executive orders which flesh out his dark inauguration day description of the “American carnage” with cities plagued by gang violence.
The orders direct the attorney general to “review existing Federal laws to determine whether those laws are adequate to address the protection and safety of Federal, State, tribal, and local law enforcement officers”.
Grant funding programmes currently administered by the Department of Justice will also be examined, raising the prospect of a struggle over funding priorities – and the possibility of cuts for initiatives which do not directly support and protect police.
A new taskforce will report within a year with emphasis on identifying areas where the law needs to be strengthened, better strategies for fighting crime and evaluating crime statistics to see if they are adequate.
One of the orders focuses on drug cartels, human trafficking, corruption, cybercrime, fraud, intellectual property theft and money laundering. A working group will report within 120 days on the scale of organised international crime and its penetration into the US.
There will be a quarterly report on convictions policy to enhance cooperation for foreign counterparts and improve coordination between agencies.
The order calls for the attorney general to review relevant federal laws to determine ways to disrupt the activity of transnational criminal organisations, “including [how] provisions under the Immigration and Nationality Act, could be better enforced or amended to prevent foreign members of these organizations or their associates from obtaining entry into the United States and from exploiting the United States immigration system”.
Trump said on Thursday: “I’m signing three executive actions today designed to restore safety in America.”
One would “break the back of the criminal cartels that have spread across our nation and are destroying the blood of our youth”, he said. “A new era of justice begins and it begins right now.”
Trump added: “We face the menace of rising crime and the threat of deadly terror.”
Praising Sessions, who was confirmed after a bitter debate in the Senate, the president said: “He’s trained better for it than anybody else. He will be a great protector of the people.” 
After being sworn in, Sessions, who has been criticised by Democrats and activists for a weak record on civil rights, said: “There are a lot of things that we need to do. We have a crime problem. I wish the rise that we’re seeing in crime in America today was some sort of aberration or blip,” but he said he judged it as a “dangerous permanent trend”.
“We need a lawful system of immigration. That’s not wrong, that’s not immoral, that’s not indecent. We need to end that lawlessness that threatens the American people.”
White House press secretary Sean Spicer hailed the confirmation of Sessions, saying that under his leadership “the Department of Justice will return to its original core mission to enforce the rule of law”.
Spicer also hailed the three executive orders as important steps to fight crime, and took a shot at the Obama administration, saying: “In the past eight years we have seen a declining focus on law and order.”
Spicer highlighted one executive order in particular which ordered the DoJ “to develop a strategy for those who commit violence against law enforcement”. Spicer said: “Unfortunately this has not always been the case. Law enforcement officers have been vocal about how the lack of support from under the last administration led to disengagement with local communities.”
In fact, the overall violent crime rate in the US remains near historic lows. The country did see a troubling 10.8% increase in murders in 2015, which appears to have continued through 2016, according to preliminary data from the FBI. 
But even with this increase, America’s overall murder rate was still about half what it was in the early 1990s. Decades of falling violent crime and homicide rates mean that even very large single-year upticks in crime do not erase much of the progress the US has made in becoming safer. 
The sharp increase in murders in 2015, for instance, pushed the murder rate higher than it had been in the past few years, but still lower than the rate in 2009. That means the murder rate was the highest it’s been in five years. Trump claimed falsely earlier this week that the murder rate “is the highest it’s been in 47 years”.
Meanwhile, Trump maintained his pugnacious approach to the US presidency on Thursday as he waged running battles over everything from his supreme court justice pick to a fatal military raid in Yemen to his daughter’s clothing line.
In what has become a familiar yet jolting ritual, Trump fired a salvo of early-morning tweets that went after two US senators while one of his senior aides risked breaking ethics rules by urging TV viewers to “go buy Ivanka’s stuff” to spite a department store.
“This president’s attacking everyone under the sun,” observed Chuck Schumer, the Democratic minority leader in the Senate.
Trump’s first tweet, before 7am, criticised Democratic senator Richard Blumenthal, who had relayed a conversation he had on Wednesday with Trump’s nominee for the supreme court, Judge Neil Gorsuch.
Gorsuch described Trump’s criticism of the judiciary as “demoralising and disheartening”, according to Blumenthal, a senator for Connecticut.
But the celebrity businessman turned president suggested that Blumenthal had misrepresented Gorsuch, tweeting: “Sen. Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie), now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?”
Blumenthal, who served in the marine corps reserves during Vietnam, apologised in 2010 for saying he had served in Vietnam.
Former senator Kelly Ayotte, who is assisting with Gorsuch’s confirmation process and was at the meeting, issued a statement saying Gorsuch made clear he was not referring to any specific case. But the nominee said he finds any criticism of a judge’s integrity and independence to be “disheartening and demoralising”, she said.
Senator Ben Sasse, a Republican who has long been critical of Trump, said that in his own meeting with Gorsuch, the judge condemned the president’s reference to a “so-called judge” in Seattle who halted his travel ban. Sasse told MSNBC’s Morning Joe: “I asked him about the ‘so-called judges’ comment, because we don’t have so-called judges or so-called presidents or so-called senators, and this is a guy who kind of welled up on with some energy and he said any attack on any of, I think his term to me was, brothers or sisters of the robe is an attack on all judges.”
Blumenthal’s fellow Connecticut senator, Chris Murphy, came to his defence in a sharp tweet directed at Trump: “Ha! As a prosecutor, Dick used to put guys like u in jail. Now, u use your position to mock vets, he uses his to make their lives better.”
The ninth circuit court of appeals is weighing the appeal of his executive order on immigration, including a temporary travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries.
Gorsuch continued his meetings on Capitol Hill on Thursday. Senator Susan Collins said she did not ask him about the conversation with Blumenthal, but added: “I think it’s inappropriate for any president to go after an independent judge. Now, I do think it’s fair game for the president to criticise the decision by a judge, but not criticise the judge himself.”
At first glance the incident implied that Gorsuch, a solid conservative, may exhibit independence and not simply rubber-stamp Trump’s legislation while on the supreme court. But Democrats dismissed this as a ruse.
Schumer said: “To whisper in a closed room behind closed doors to a senator that ‘I’m disheartened’ and not condemn what the president has done to the judiciary, and not do it publicly – what he did does not show independence. It shows a desire to show the appearance of independence without actually asserting it.”
As that controversy continued to reverberate in Washington, Trump opened a second line of attack, this time against John McCain, the 80-year-old senator and former prisoner of war in Vietnam who was the Republican nominee for president in 2008.
Referring to last week’s US military raid in Yemen, McCain said on Wednesday that any operation where a navy seal is killed, there are multiple casualties including women and children, and a $75m airplane is lost “cannot be labelled a success”.
Trump tweeted on Thursday that McCain “should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy!”
He added that McCain has “been losing so long he doesn’t know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in bogged down in conflict all over the place”.
The White House also continued its extraordinary battle with Nordstrom, a department store chain that recently dropped Ivanka’s Trump’s clothing line. Trump has tweeted criticism of the decision, which his spokesman claimed was politically motivated.
“Go buy Ivanka’s stuff ... I’m going to go get some myself today,” Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway told Fox News in an interview from the White House. “I’m going to give a free commercial here: go buy it today, everybody.”
Norman Eisen, who served as an ethics adviser to Barack Obama, said Conway’s comments amounted to an advertisement and violated government ethics law. “It’s a violation of the rule,” Eisen told MSNBC. “It’s a serious matter.”
Former chief of the office of government ethics Don Fox told the Washington Post that Conway’s comments appeared to violate rules barring the use of public office for anyone’s private gain. Spicer said Conway has been “counselled” on the subject but declined to elaborate.



ARTICLE
The crowd was small, the weather was bad and the speech, that described “American carnage”, was dire. For the tens of millions who voted against him and countless concerned others, Donald Trump’s inauguration as president of the United States felt ominous, no matter how widely Barack Obama smiled and no matter how gracefully he and Michelle Obama made the transition from hosts to departing guests.
The feeling of foreboding did not last. It was overtaken within hours by the realization, at the arrival of the first of the new president’s executive actions, that the most outrageous campaign promises Trump had made to the smallest core of his supporters were now official US policy, or about to be. 
Within a week, the rally chant “build the wall!” had morphed into a phrase published on White House stationery: “impassable physical barrier”. A proposed ban on Muslim immigrants took shape as a suspension of visa programs from countries that, as Trump put it, “have tremendous terror”. Grumbling about excessive government regulation had become, in one document, an exhortation to bureaucrats to help an oil company skip the Migratory Bird Treaty Act.
“He’s delivering the goods to his core constituency in a really visible way,” said John T Woolley, head of the American presidency project at the University of California, Santa Barbara. “But there are a lot of things that he’s raising that may be above what he truly has the ability to do.”
Seven days into his presidency, the accumulation of Trump’s official actions, at the rate of as many as five a day, has created a new national reality on central policy concerns from the environment to voting rights to international commitments to immigration, healthcare and trade. 
“You have to consider this a pretty aggressive use of executive power early on,” said Julian E Zelizer, a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University. “Using it not only on one marquee issue, which presidents often do, but on a series of major campaign issues, all within just a few days.
“So it’s rapid-fire, but more importantly, each one is a pretty significant decision.”
More difficult to assess than the new president’s official actions, but for many Americans just as significant, has been the impact on the public of Trump’s simple presence in office – the finally inescapable fact, as it were, of Donald Trump as president.
During the campaign, Trump’s lies about the fake scourge of voter fraud, his vain obsession with the size of his crowds (and his hands), and his explosions of bile and irrelevance on Twitter could be semi-ignored as the faults of a mercurial political figure who was quite likely, at least, to lose. 
Now Trump is in the Oval Office and his lies are voiced by a press secretary standing behind the White House seal in the Brady briefing room. It was there that Trump’s spokesman, Sean Spicer, falsely declared on the day after the swearing-in that “this was the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration, period”. Trump’s audience was in fact significantly smaller than Obama’s 2009 crowd, but members of the media who tried to brandish evidence of the fact were shouted down. 
Spicer rolled out another whopper days later, informing the country that the president still (wrongly) believed millions of votes had been illegally cast in November. As supporting evidence, he pointed to a 2012 research report on voter fraud, prompting the author of the report to categorically deny that the report said any such thing. 
“Of those votes cast, none of them come to me,” Trump told ABC News a day later, embroidering his fantasy. “They would all be for the other side. None of them come to me.” 
For Americans who doubt his leadership, just as disturbing as Trump’s new freedom to spout untruths with significantly inflated authority were early reports on his conduct behind the scenes, as he made his first decisions as the most powerful individual on Earth. 
Repeatedly, Trump threw thunderbolts from his Twitter account – threatening to “send in the Feds!” to stop violence in Chicago and impugning Chelsea Manning – immediately following negative coverage of those topics on Fox News, which Trump told the New York Times he watches morning and night.
It was TV coverage of his small inauguration crowd that prompted Trump to trot out Spicer. The bad press had not allowed the president to “enjoy” his first weekend in the White House as he felt he deserved, the Associated Press quoted “one person who has spoken with him” as saying. Trump’s decision to act on voter fraud was inspired, Trump told members of Congress, by a conversation with a German golfer.
If Trump’s character is immutable, however, his executive actions may not be. His orders have the power to guide the conduct of federal agencies and officials, but cannot contravene existing law. 
Woolley said: “The question always is – and this is a real question for Trump – whether the president is going beyond the scope of the law, whether he’s infringing on congressional power, and whether he’s infringing on the divides between national, state and local power.
“There’s going to be a festival of lawsuits about almost every controversial action that he takes.”
Next week, Trump is scheduled to address a joint session of Congress and announce a nominee to fill the vacancy on the supreme court. 
Here’s what he got done on week one.
The most famous promise of Trump’s campaign was that he would build a wall on the 2,000-mile southern border and make Mexico pay for it. The policy represents a sharp break with the view of Obama’s top homeland security official, who often said: “You show me a 50ft wall, and I’ll show you a 51ft ladder.”
Nevertheless, Trump issued an executive order on Wednesday calling for “the immediate construction of a physical wall on the southern border, monitored and supported by adequate personnel so as to prevent illegal immigration, drug and human trafficking, and acts of terrorism”.
Initially, the project will draw on previously appropriated funds. But for the project to be completed, Trump will need to retain the support of Republican congressional leaders who have said they are willing to put up the money. One Senate leader estimated the border wall would cost between $12bn and $15bn “upfront” – a possible sticking point among soi-disant fiscal conservatives.
Trump’s own estimate of the costs of the wall is significantly smaller. “That wall will cost us nothing,” he said this week, on the same day the Mexican president vowed that the wall would also cost Mexico nothing.
Trump also moved to deny federal funds to “sanctuary cities” – the more than 400 cities and counties in the US that offer some form of safe haven to America’s 11 million undocumented migrants. 
On Friday, Trump signed an executive order implementing what he called “new vetting measures, to keep radical Islamic terrorists out”. The order included a 120-day suspension of the US Refugee Admissions Program; the indefinite suspension of the admission of any refugees from Syria; the capping of refugee numbers admitted in 2017 at 50,000; and to severely limit immigration from Iraq, Iran, Sudan, Syria, Libya, Somalia and Yemen, all Muslim-majority countries.
According to draft policies leaked to the media, Trump is also preparing executive actions to limit legal immigration and to judge immigration applications on the likelihood that a prospective immigrant would draw in any way on US social welfare programs.
In a final draft immigration policy, Trump would strip immigrants who arrived in the US as children, known as Dreamers, of protections against deportation extended to them by Obama. The reversal could directly affect 1.2 million American residents who may have little or no knowledge of their origin country. 
“I do have a big heart,” Trump said of the policy. “We’re going to take care of everybody.”
Trump has brought to the job the same leadership style he applied to his campaign: aggressive, reactive and, most of all, improvisatory. 
His slew of executive actions has been unleashed before the agency heads and deputies essential to carrying them out are in place – a majority have yet to be named. His justice department has yet to install a head of the office of legal counsel, which past presidents have relied on to protect their unilateral actions from court challenges. He reportedly did not bother to run his revised torture policy past his CIA and defense department appointees. 
It remains to be seen whether Trump is a coalition-builder, in the style of Ronald Reagan, or whether he will keep his distance from Congress, physically and emotionally, in the style of Obama. Trump’s paranoid streak, obsession with leaks and penchant for conspiracy make another president, Richard Nixon, his most natural style touchstone. 
Trump’s style is sufficiently original as to render quaint a series of conversations during the Obama years about presidential “firsts”: the first president to participate in a Reddit AMA (“ask me anything”), the first president to sit for an interview with YouTube stars. Trump is the first president to threaten martial law in a major American city on Twitter. 
In further contrast with Obama, Trump tweeted his threat to “send in the Feds!” from an account whose wallpaper photo features him signing a document surrounded by seven top advisers – all white men. Whatever Trump’s leadership style is, it is not inclusive across lines of race and gender.
The attention-seeking side of Trump’s style has made him relatively accessible to the media, so far. He sat for television and print interviews in his first week and held his first press conference, alongside UK prime minister Theresa May.
In one of his first meetings as president, Trump told executives from the country’s biggest automakers he would loosen environmental standards, regulations and taxes if they would help him bring back “Made in the USA”. Trump’s promise was quickly ratified in multiple executive orders pertaining to oil pipelines and other infrastructure projects.
The main thrust of Trump’s environmental policy – or anti-environmental policy – may be carried out by his pick to head the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Scott Pruitt, a scathing critic of environmental regulations. As Oklahoma’s attorney general, Pruitt repeatedly sued the EPA and coordinated his selection of cases with fossil fuel interests. If confirmed by the Senate, Pruitt’s oversight may be exceptionally lax.
Trump’s executive actions contained two major and symbolically important moves against the cause of renewable energy. He reopened construction of two oil pipelines, one held up by a federal permit denial and another rejected by Obama. The Keystone XL pipeline would carry tar sand oil from Alberta, Canada, to the Gulf coast, while the Dakota Access pipeline would carry crude oil from a field in North Dakota to a processing hub in the midwest. The Dakota project foundered after months of protests by Native American groups, who said the pipeline crossed sacred ground and threatened their drinking water supply.
Trump has also imposed a freeze on new federal regulations, including environmental regulations. 
Trump’s first sallies in national security policy have been highly controversial. He has spoken about and is expected to issue an executive order that would create a pathway to restoring the detention of terrorism suspects at facilities known as “black sites”. Such an order would reverse Obama’s 2009 order to close the US military prison at Guantánamo Bay and open the way to a resumed use of torture techniques by US operatives on terrorism suspects.
In an interview with ABC News, Trump repeated his belief that torture works, “absolutely”, and he said that the US should “fight fire with fire”.
“I’ve spoken in recent days with people at the highest level of intelligence, and I’ve asked them: ‘Does torture work?’ And the answer was ‘Yes, absolutely,’” Trump said. On Friday he backtracked, not on his own belief in the efficacy of torture but in saying, at his press conference with May, that he would defer to his new defense secretary, James Mattis, who has said torture does not work.
A majority of private and public scholarship and Trump’s pick to run the CIA also say torture does not work. US law bans security agencies from using so-called enhanced interrogation techniques.
“The hour of justice for the American worker has arrived,” Trump said in a speech to Republican members of Congress on Thursday. His recipe for making it so includes withdrawing from trade agreements, loosening environmental regulations and other regulations on manufacturers, and taking smaller steps such as requiring that new oil pipelines use US steel.
In one of his first presidential memoranda, Trump directed the US trade representative (who has yet to be confirmed by the Senate) to “withdraw the United States as a signatory to the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), to permanently withdraw the United States from TPP negotiations, and to begin pursuing, wherever possible, bilateral trade negotiations to promote American industry, protect American workers, and raise American wages”.
The memo was followed by an offhand description by Trump of how US trade deals would work from now on. “They’ll be one-on-one, they won’t be a whole big mashpot,” he said. If a US partner reneges on any deal, Trump said, the US would send out 30-day notices of impending trade deal termination. 
A separate presidential memorandum directed all heads of government departments and agencies to expedite “reviews of and approvals for proposals to construct or expand manufacturing facilities and through reductions in regulatory burdens affecting domestic manufacturing”. Officials are directed to solicit comments from the public for 60 days about how to streamline the permitting process for domestic manufacturers.
One of the first pieces of paper Trump signed as president was an executive order that began to dismantle Obama’s signature domestic achievement, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. 
A full dismantling of the act, which conservative analysts estimate has provided health insurance for more than 10 million people who otherwise would not have it, would require action by Congress, which the Republican leadership has expressed eagerness to deliver. 
Trump has ordered agencies and officials to avoid imposing penalties on individuals and others who do not obtain health insurance, a crucial plank in the law known as the “individual mandate”. Without it, participants in health insurance markets may decline in number and skew less healthy, driving up costs for insurers and potentially derailing the system. 
In a separate memo, Trump restricted funds for global health assistance groups that provide abortion services. The memo reversed a directive that Obama signed upon taking office, which in turn reversed a memo signed by George W Bush. Trump’s memo directs the secretary of state to “ensure that US taxpayer dollars do not fund organizations or programs that support or participate in the management of a program of coercive abortion or involuntary sterilization”.



ARTICLE
House Republicans seem poised to use a three-part process to repeal and replace Obamacare, as laid out to members in the party’s annual retreat. 
The first involves repealing the Affordable Care Act through the reconciliation process, a mechanism that allows only budget bills to be passed in the Senate without being subject to the filibuster. This would effectively change the threshold for passage in the upper chamber from the 60-vote super majority to a simple majority of 51. 
The second involves executive actions through the Department of Health and Human Services following the confirmation of Georgia congressman Tom Price, who has been nominated by President Trump to lead the department. The third would be a separate standalone bill.
This three-pronged approach stands in contrast to that outlined by Trump who has urged a replacement “very quickly” after repeal. Pennsylvania Republican Charlie Dent noted to reporters this was “a little different than what leadership had represented at the time”.
Repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act has long been a top Republican priority and has been a standard feature of the GOP’s platform over the past two election cycles. However, the process of dismantling Obamacare has proved to be challenging as Republicans have struggled to find an effective mechanism to do so without depriving millions of health insurance. A report from the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) last week estimated that up to 18 million Americans would lose their health insurance if the Affordable Care Act was repealed without any replacement, leaving 32 million people without health coverage.
Trump started the process of repealing Obamacare in an executive order issued last Friday, which ordered executive agencies to grant exemptions and avoid compliance with the legislation “to the maximum extent permitted by law”.
In addition to healthcare, a number of other priorities are on the agenda for the president’s first 200 days, including tax reform and infrastructure. 
Republican congressman Chris Collins of New York, a close Trump ally, told reporters that infrastructure was only a priority because of Trump’s personal pressure. “The president asked that the infrastructure piece be included in the 200-day plan and the impression that I got was that the speaker recognized the importance of that to the president and that that is now part of our 200-day plan,” said Collins. “But ... initially without the president’s input that would not have been in the plan.”
Discussions will continue at the retreat on Thursday as both the president and the vice-president will speak at the retreat in addition to British prime minister Theresa May. 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s executive order suspending entry to the US of nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries (Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen), has disrupted the lives of hundreds of thousands of people, ripping families apart and leaving careers in limbo.
Here are the stories of people directly affected by Trump’s new policy, in their own words (some have asked not to be named for security reasons):
We’ve had no written instructions yet from the US, at least not on the frontline, and the instructions that we have received don’t mention dual nationality or green cards – it’s very unclear what to do. 
Some people are being stopped, while others are being given the benefit of the doubt. So if, for example, a passenger is Syrian holding a US passport we’re turning a blind eye – we’re pretending we haven’t seen the Syrian passport.
One passenger stuck in the airport here is a Syrian green card holder who was denied boarding. Her family, her job, her whole life is in the US and when she asks us when we will allow her to go home, none of us know what to say. Unfortunately because she’s Syrian it’s difficult for her to get a visa for Dubai and it’s difficult for her to go elsewhere.
At the moment her chances of getting into the US depend on which airport she goes to. If she’s landing in New York they’ll send her back, if it’s Houston they might accept her – what we’ve found is it really depends on which shift is operating; it’s not even a standard airport policy. 
Last I heard they were trying any airport as long as she gets to US soil, and then at least once she’s there she can create a legal challenge or manage her way in instead of being stuck in Dubai.
I went through the whole process at the airport and was waiting at the gate when an employee from the airline, FlyDubai, called my name and told me I would not be able to board the flight. I asked why and was told to go and speak to the US consulate. I told them I am not leaving the airport because I paid for my ticket, and I am a displaced person so I don’t have the money to pay again.
We are under threat here in Irbil because of my husband’s work with the Americans. Rejecting us in this way is really shocking – especially for those that helped the Americans. If one person worked with the Americans then the whole family is under threat [from extremists].
I am not trying to go to the US for political or economic reasons; I am fleeing Iraq because I am a minority, and every day I live in fear that [Isis] will attack and l will be displaced all over again.
After June 2009, when the Islamic Republic [of Iran] imprisoned my loved ones, persecuted my family and sent hate messages all the way to Oxford, where I was finishing my doctorate, I pretty much lost everything.
It was hard, nearly impossible, to stand up again and build everything from scratch. Finding new friends, building a new life. It took me seven years to get where I am today [in Pennsylvania]. Now, my whole life is up in the air again as a result of one signature. 
Everything including my career is now at risk. I have been sleepless for two nights. Sleepless and speechless. It doesn’t matter if you are a professor at one of the best universities of this country or a student or a migrant or a refugee. As long as you were born in Iran you are accused of being a terrorist and therefore you are banned from living a normal life. 
You are banned from seeing your loved ones. You are banned from travelling. You are banned from being a human being.
In November 2016, before he married, Mohammed tried to smuggle himself to Sweden in the hope of a better life. On the way, he was on a boat that sank. Eleven people drowned, including five children.
I was in the water for four hours. I lost hope. I thought everything was finished. I saw the coastguards try to give CPR to a five-year-old child who had already drowned. His mother was crying and the entire scene was the most devastating thing I’ve ever seen.
If I go back to Syria I have to join the army and I would have to shoot or be shot. I want to go to America to have a decent, safe life for my family, and be somewhere I can continue my studies and have a future. Now I feel offended because [Trump’s] decision is specifically targeting Muslims.
I used to think America was an open-minded country with an open-minded government; but now I’ve seen it’s a racist government, and I can’t raise my children in a racist society so I’m rethinking my decision. Trump’s order must be challenged.”
The past couple of days have been a sober reminder that I should not get comfortable with my life here, that the journey has not come to an end. 
It was the winter of 2010, while I was in Evin prison in Tehran, that I decided to leave Iran indefinitely. I was desperate to learn how I can effectively challenge repression. At the time I wanted to work for the United Nations to make the world a better place for all. With enormous pressure from my parents, I left immediately after I was released.
Here [in the US], I have tried my best to not live as a victim and have been pretty lucky. I have achieved many things I wanted to do. I have had the iron-clad support of my family, made new friends and found love. 
And yet, still I feel I have no home. It sucks to feel unwelcome, to feel undignified, to be a minority. I can’t help but to question why I’m still here. I want to tell myself that as long as I live here, which I don’t know how long will be, I will do my part to fight for justice.
It caught all of us by surprise, me, my family, the people I know. We had heard about it in the campaign but we were wishfully thinking it was just campaign talk. We never thought once he took office his advisers would go along with him; [we thought] somebody would talk him out of it because it’s akin to fascist policies.
We’re all thinking about plan B. The fear is that this is just the first step. The administration might try to suffocate us out of the country. What could be next? My entire life is in the US, I don’t own anything outside it, my house, my car, my office, I lived there for almost 20 years. This is unreal.
I am Iranian-born anthropology PhD candidate studying in the US. I left New York on 22 January, two days after Trump was sworn in. I’m now in Dubai, waiting for my visa to enter Afghanistan to carry out research. 
The language of the executive order is ambiguous, but it is likely to prevent me from returning to the country where I am a student, where I still have to defend my thesis. I cannot stay in Dubai for long or my UAE visa will expire. It’s not wise to go to Iran either. This is just one story among thousands.
For the past seven years I have been deprived of the pleasure of seeing and hugging my family members. Due to my journalistic activities abroad, my family in Iran was taken hostage by the judiciary and barred from leaving Iran. Ever since I left, I have never been able to see them.
The one thing that has kept me alive is my son. Seven years into my life in exile, my son has grown up and he goes to university in the UK. However, this time, Trump has built a wall between me and my son. We are both in limbo. 
He cannot come and see me and nor can I go to the UK to visit him. If I were to go and visit him, I would be deprived of the right to come back to the United States. I am neither a terrorist, nor a murderer. I am merely the victim of a repressive government. 
It’s like waking to a nightmare coming true, something so scary to imagine, yet my family is dragged to live through it. We are living under the threat of [our lives] all vanishing, [it’s] not safe inside and we are not able to go outside [the US] without risking not being able to come back. 
In an open prison you at least know where you stand; we don’t even know that.
Of course I’m terrified, everything that seemed [too] insane to be happening is actually happening on the very first weeks of Trump’s presidency. I’m afraid now we will have the registration for real as Muslims and Middle Easterners. We will be tattooed with numbers and will be taken to camps like they did to the Japanese. To those who will say that’s insane or impossible, I would say we thought Trump winning was impossible, and we thought the Muslim ban is impossible.
It’s a very strange feeling to be in America – a place where many strive and dream to reach – and to be stuck here and forced to stay put, with no other alternative than to oblige. I’m currently on a J1 training visa. 
I still thought I had the safety net of my British passport, being a dual citizen. The reality of course was very different. As I begin to hear more and more stories of people being detained at airports, some deported, friends and colleagues being interrogated, mothers who can’t travel, families separated, my fear grows. 
I’m scared of what’s happening, scared of what’s to come, scared of the uncertainty and scared because my British passport is just as useless as my Sudanese passport right now. 
 
Part of my freedom has been taken away and I have to patiently wait and see to see if it will be given back. Ironic, as we are the ones seen as the enemy.
 
Both me and my husband are Iranians and permanent residents of Canada. My husband lives and works in Montreal. I was issued a multiple entry visa which made my travel to Canada possible. I had to cancel my travel this weekend when I heard about the executive order on immigration. 
With the new situation not only I will not be able to see my husband for at least three months, but my academic career at Yale will be jeopardised. Once I return to Canada after finishing the spring semester, I won’t be able to go back and take up my position at Yale. 
Of course I can stay here through next year, but this means that me and my husband will live separated from each other for more than one year. An option that I prefer not to envisage.
Additional reporting by Yousra Elbagir 



ARTICLE
Natalie Nougayrède, in her assertion that we have no alternative but to rely on “US leadership if a rules-based global order is to survive” (America must lead the free world – the alternative is chaos, 28 January), betrays an outdated cold war world mentality that excuses US barbarity in the name of some fictional “free world”.
In his defence of that “free world”, Barack Obama killed and maimed people on an epic scale. A Council on Foreign Relations survey reported that in 2016, the US military dropped 26,171 bombs on some of the poorest nations on earth. Drone strikes were responsible for killing over 4,500 people, many of them women and children attending family gatherings or merely going about their business. Afghanistan, Yemen, Somalia, Syria, Iraq and Pakistan were all subject to American aggression.
In Libya, Nato forces led by Obama and Hillary Clinton struck on 9,700 occasions, after which the Red Cross identified mass graves containing the bodies of children killed by air raids on civilian targets. Of course, there is nothing new about any of this: in its role as the world’s self-appointed policeman, the US has been invading countries and overthrowing governments for decades. 
The peace and security of the west and, indeed, the world at large, will be secured by dialogue, cooperation and mutual assistance, not by simplistic propaganda that should have disappeared after the fall of the Berlin Wall.Bert SchouwenburgInternational officer, GMB union
• Natalie Nougayrède is wrong. There is always an alternative, but we need to discuss our options widely. Tina (there is no alternative) suits narrow, binary thinkers, who close down debate before it can start. The military-industrial complex has always needed an enemy to justify its existence, and Donald Trump will always be on the side of businessmen. Now he’s friends with Vladimir Putin, he won’t stand up for Ukraine or the Baltic states. Nuclear submarines and aircraft carriers won’t defeat Isis, so Iran is the main option to be the next military threat. As the article says, Europe thinks there is the possibility of a negotiated settlement. Trump sees threats and bullying as the only solution. Maybe we should redefine Tina: Thinking (or talking) is the new alternative.Michael PeelAxbridge, Somerset
• Join the debate – email guardian.letters@theguardian.com
• Read more Guardian letters – click here to visit gu.com/letters



ARTICLE
Moments before he was due to go on live TV to respond to a Ronald Reagan speech about tax reform, the Democratic lawmaker Dan Rostenkowski jumped out of his chair and shouted: “I’m not going to do it!”
He was just joking. Rostenkowski sat down and, according to the Washington Post, delivered the speech of his life. “Working families file their tax forms with the nagging feeling that they’re the biggest suckers and chumps in the world,” he said.
Rostenkowski endorsed the president’s plan – he asked the public to “Write Rosty” and lend support – and Democrats worked with Reagan to achieve a major tax overhaul in 1986.
A generation later, Donald Trump is hoping to pull off the same trick, with an announcement of his reform expected on Wednesday. If the self-declared master dealmaker – facing a changed economy and divided Congress – can pull it off, he will have at least made at start toward claiming Reagan’s mantle.
Finding Trump’s soulmate in presidential history has become something of a Washington parlour game. Some compare him to Andrew Jackson, a fiery populist; Trump flew to Nashville last month to mark Jackson’s 250th birthday. Critics are more likely to reach for Richard Nixon, synonymous with scandal and the kind of dark rhetoric heard in Trump’s inaugural address.
The 45th president himself has drawn parallels with Reagan, once saying the 41st president was “a fairly liberal Democrat, and he evolved over years and he became more and more conservative”. The vice-president, Mike Pence, told this year’s Conservative Political Action Conference: “I believe President Trump has given voice to aspirations and frustrations to Americans like no leader since Reagan.”
There are some striking parallels. Trump, 70, is the oldest person ever elected US president. Before him, Reagan, at 69, held the record. Trump is a businessman and reality TV star; Reagan was a B-movie actor and spokesman for General Electric. Trump’s 2016 campaign slogan was “Make America great again”; Reagan’s in 1980 was “Let’s make America great again”. Both were met with scepticism by establishment Republicans and both are better known for politics-as-performance than any grasp of policy detail.
Yet the tax issue may illustrate what divides them. Reagan, a former governor of California, did not provoke visceral dislike: he won 49 states out of 50 in 1984, a tally that seems unthinkable in today’s hyperpartisan politics. His upbeat inaugural address included a paean to Washington: “Standing here, one faces a magnificent vista, opening up on this city’s special beauty and history.” Trump spoke of “transferring power from Washington” and a grim vision of “American carnage”.
After the debacle of failed healthcare reform, Trump has promised to turn to tax in the hope of quick win. In theory, it will easier to compartmentalise and less emotive at the grassroots. The president told the Fox Business Network recently: “Tax reform is going to be tough, but it won’t be as tough as healthcare.”
Grover Norquist, president of Americans for Tax Reform, believes Republicans will be motivated by the 2018 elections and need to stimulate growth. “Unlike the 3D chess problem of what might a parliamentarian agree on healthcare, it’s all linear and moves right or left on tax reform,” he said.
House and Senate Republicans broadly agree on the outlines of reform: sweeping tax cuts for individuals and businesses while making up the lost revenue by scaling back tax breaks.
But just as with healthcare, there are deep fissures in Congress. Republicans are divided on the principle of a new “border adjustment tax”, which would impose levies on imports while charging exports nothing. The House speaker, Paul Ryan, argues that the tax is vital to lowering the top corporate income tax rate from 35% to 20%. But the Senate has little appetite for the measure and conservative organisations backed by the billionaire Koch brothers, Charles and David, are staunchly opposed.
Trump and Ryan could turn to the Democrats for support but the president is such a polarising figure that this seems a forlorn hope. Reagan, by contrast, frequently shared cocktails with the Democratic House speaker Thomas “Tip” O’Neill. In the Senate, a so-called “Gang of Seven” Republicans and Democrats steered the 1986 bill.
A further drag now is conflicting signals from the White House. At one point, Trump said the House border tax was too complex. Later he said it was under consideration. The treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, told a Senate panel “there would be no absolute tax cut for the upper class”. But the plan Trump pushed in his presidential campaign would provide big tax breaks to high-income households.
Whereas Reagan turned to a tax revamp in the sixth year of his presidency, with diversions out of the way, the Trump project is sticky because of many outstanding and interwoven proposals including the repeal and replacement of the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare; a trillion-dollar infrastructure programme; and military expansion.
And whereas Reagan was adamant that the changes should be “revenue neutral”, cutting individual tax rates while increasing payments for corporations, the 45th president seems less worried about adding to the government deficit.
Even Reagan’s reform was not plain sailing. Jeffery Birnbaum, author of Lawmakers, Lobbyists, and the Unlikely Triumph of Tax Reform, a study of the 1986 bill, said: “It was a huge and nearly constant fight for two years after a long period of debate.
“On this issue, anyway, there was a lot of bipartisanship. I believe you need Republicans and Democrats to pass anything as complex and pervasive as an overhaul of the income tax system. Reagan had brilliant advisers who had a command of the issue and had a very good rapport with the key Democrats.”
The prospects for a repeat look slim. Democrats chose to filibuster Trump’s supreme court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, prompting Republicans to change Senate rules so he could be confirmed. They are unlikely to cooperate on tax reform unless the president agrees to release his own tax returns.
Chuck Schumer, the minority leader in the Senate, has said: “If President Trump is serious about passing real tax reform to help the middle class, he should start by releasing his own full tax returns to erase any doubt of where his priorities lie. 
“Until President Trump releases his full tax returns, a cloud of suspicion will remain and make it much more difficult to get tax reform legislation through the Congress.”
Democrats are also under pressure from their liberal base to oppose tax cuts for the wealthy. Delvone Michael, a member of the Tax March executive committee that organised nationwide demonstrations last weekend, said: “I think it’s going to be more of the same. Republicans have demonstrated for the last 40 years that they think tax breaks for the rich and wealthy is the way to go.
“People forget that the Reagan tax cuts exploded the budget deficit. If you look at income, the top 1% have done better and better, and the middle class and working class have done worse and worse. The only comparison between Trump and Ronald Reagan is that they want to give tax cuts to the rich. Trump is trying to accomplish more for his rich friends and rich billionaires than he is for average, everyday working-class people.”
Trump’s cabinet of Wall Street insiders and multimillionaires is not helpful symbolically when it comes to seek a bipartisan compromise. Mnuchin, for example, is a former Goldman Sachs banker and hedge fund manager.
William Brock, who served in Reagan’s cabinet as US trade representative and labor secretary, said: “The advantage we had was the relationship the president had with the Democrats. It was a good time to work out compromises.
“This time it’s going to be very difficult. A lot of us who’ve watched over the years hate the fact it’s so partisan. Things don’t last if they’re passed on a partisan basis, Obamacare being an example. Even if Republicans wanted to sit at the table – and I haven’t seen much evidence they do – I don’t see any evidence of Democrats responding. It takes two.”
Should a bipartisan consensus somehow be achieved, there is no guarantee of success. For any government, tax is a Gordian knot. Since Reagan and Congress rewrote the code, the number of exemptions, deductions and credits has rocketed. Taxpayers were handed $1.6tn in tax breaks in 2016, which is more than the government collected in individual income taxes.
Congress could scale back some of these tax breaks, allowing it to lower tax rates significantly. But the largest breaks are popular and have powerful constituencies: almost 34m families claimed the mortgage interest deduction in 2016, while more than 43m families took advantage of a deduction of state and local taxes. The House Republicans’ plan would retain the former but eliminate the latter.
In a recent Washington Post article, Birnbaum added: “Partisanship is the least of tax reform’s worries. The biggest fights in 1986 were between interests, not political parties. Dust-ups developed between high- and low-tax states; between manufacturers and service providers; and between companies that paid large amounts in taxes and those that paid little. 
“The bill was dubbed the ‘Lobbyists’ Relief Act of 1986’ because every organized group clamored for narrow relief.”
Trump could face a similar challenge from an army of lobbyists, making Reagan a tough act to follow in this or any other field. “The Gipper” is now a beloved figure among mainstream Republicans and even, at times, quoted approvingly by Democrats. He has an airport named after him in the US capital, Washington – an honour it is hard to imagine being bestowed on Trump.
Michael Cornfield, associate professor of political management at George Washington University, said: “Like Reagan, Trump established his name among Americans through commercial television. But Trump is stormy where Reagan was sunny. He is a populist, an ideology that cross-cuts the liberal-conservative spectrum, making for confrontation and confusion.
“Reagan’s team laid down his stage markers and scripts – which Reagan approved in keeping with his political philosophy – and Reagan delivered his lines. Trump tweets seemingly by impulse, and has yet to settle on a staff.”
Each is a man of his time. Michael Steele, former chairman of the Republican National Committee, said: “I don’t think there is a one-to-on comparison between the Reagan era and now. The priorities are very different. We’re a much more consumer, service-oriented economy. The tech boom hadn’t taken place in the Reagan era. We’re in a very different space right now.
“When he started, Reagan was not seen as the hero of establishment Republicans as he is today. He was the creation of the base to lay down conservative principles. Today the base wants Trump to be a disrupter. We will see in the next 12 or 18 months just what the Trump era means. 
“In the Reagan era, we didn’t get a real sense of it until the second term.”



ARTICLE
The sun shone on Donald Trump’s debut in the rose garden. As reporters filed in for the time honoured White House tradition, the president’s aide Omarosa Manigault stood in the Palm Room, speaking urgently into her phone. Vice-president Mike Pence and secretary of state Rex Tillerson shared a joke on the front row. And the president’s senior adviser and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, exuded confidence, nodding and smiling at a fellow guest as he took his place.
But as Trump held a joint press conference with King Abdullah of Jordan, denouncing a chemical weapons attack on children in Syria that would lead to a US missile strike a day later, there was a glaring absence. Chief strategist Steve Bannon, mocked by Trump’s critics as “President Bannon” on Twitter, had lost his place in the sun.
A bitter turf war is said to under way in the White House between Kushner and Bannon, former head of the rightwing Breitbart News. In the past week there were indications that the latter, who once declared himself “Thomas Cromwell in the court of the Tudors”, could be heading for a fall like Cromwell’s, albeit without the gore that accompanied the English minister’s violent end.
While Kushner paid a surprise visit to Iraq, beating Tillerson to the photo opps aboard a military helicopter, Bannon was unceremoniously demoted from the national security council (NSC). When officials released a picture on Friday of a national security briefing on Syria, Kushner had a seat at the table while Bannon was behind Trump, his back to the wall.
The lack of personal chemistry between two of the president’s closest “whisperers” – both are seldom heard in public – is of little surprise. One is the clean-cut, preppy and pale 36-year-old scion of a New York property empire. The other, at 63, has a rougher appearance and grew up in a working class, Irish Catholic family in Virginia. Each represents an ideological faction vying for Trump’s attention.
In the Kushner camp are two Goldman Sachs veterans: Gary Cohn, the national economics adviser and a registered Democrat, and Dina Powell, an Egyptian-born deputy national security adviser who served under George W Bush. Then there is Kushner’s wife and Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, who now has her own office in the West Wing. 
Bannon, by contrast, is seen as a guerrilla fighter for the economic nationalist, pro-worker agenda that helped carry Trump to election victory. His principal allies are Jeff Sessions, the attorney general with hardline views on immigration, and Stephen Miller, 31, the senior adviser for policy and the architect of a stymied travel ban targeting several Muslim-majority countries.
Bannon’s animosity runs deep with Kushner, previously a Democratic donor who mingled with the wealthy east coast elites Bannon long derided in association with Hillary Clinton.
One associate of Trump, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said that Kushner and chief of staff Reince Priebus had filled the White House with “establishment Republican types” and “liberal Democrats” who could overwhelm Bannon’s few defenders.
“There is a power struggle,” the Trump associate said. “I think Bannon is suffering very badly from the fact that he has done nothing to bring other Trump allies into the White House.”
“Steve has no significant ally and he now finds himself all alone,” the associate added, with a question about whether Kushner understands either the coalition that elected the president or Republicans in general. “I’m sure Steve Bannon’s politics are vaguely embarrassing to Jared and Ivanka when they go to these tony parties on the upper west side.”
Thursday night’s missile strike on a military airfield in Syria could be seen as another blow to Trump’s populist credentials, the associate added. “He was elected as a non-interventionist. It’s Jared teaming up with the generals: ‘You’ve got to look tough, Mr President.’ If it expands to a full ground war then, Jesus, we just elected George W Bush for another term.”
But despite the tone of Trump’s insurgent campaign, the more centrist-minded figures currently seem to hold the whip hand in the administration, apparently thanks to a combination of family ties and tactical errors.
Those fumbles included the travel ban, twice halted by the courts, and the collapse of healthcare reform in Congress. Trump’s associate said the former was “clumsy and not well thought through” and that, on healthcare, “walking the plank on that has hurt Bannon for not saying, ‘Wait a minute, we don’t need to do this.’”
Another possible cause of Trump’s sudden coldness is the attention Bannon has received in recent weeks, with magazine profiles pronouncing him more powerful than Trump and the comedy show Saturday Night Live depicting him as a Grim Reaper, commanding the Oval Office’s historic “Resolute desk” while the president plays with a toy.
Leaks from the White House have given newspapers material worthy of a Hollywood gossip column. The Daily Beast quoted an administration official as saying Bannon has complained about Kushner trying to “shiv him and push him out the door”. Bannon also reportedly called Kushner a “globalist” and “cuck”, a rightwing insult short for “cuckold”.
In a front page story, the New York Times described a conversation between Bannon and Kushner as “thick with tension” with the former eventually saying: “Here’s the reason there’s no middle ground. You’re a Democrat.”
But there are other factors at work, too. Trump thrives on infighting between factions, just as he did in his businesses. Bannon’s removal from the NSC also appeared to mark a victory for national security adviser HR McMaster who reportedly objected to a political adviser taking part in security discussions. 
Dan Cassino, a political scientist at Fairleigh Dickinson University, said: “Bannon’s crusade against the ‘deep state’ – the idea you can go in and disrupt everything – doesn’t work. The national security state is strong and deeply entrenched. The idea he could go in and change it in his own image doesn’t go anywhere.
“The other story is the White House civil war: the conservatives against the ‘alt-right’ and Bannon was the loser here. He bit off more than he could chew.” 
Bannon has denied reports that he threatened to quit over the lost NSC chair, and that he was persuaded to stay by his long-time financial patron, Rebekah Mercer, a conservative donor. The reclusive Mercer family is a major investor of Breitbart, and gave Bannon much of his own personal fortune while also running Cambridge Analytica, a data-analytics firm.
Hogan Gidley, who served as spokesman for the Make America Number One Pac which became Mercer’s pro-Trump vehicle during the election, said Mercer’s daughter “was very important in the election victory” and “overlap[s] significantly” with Bannon’s beliefs.
“Rebekah has deep pockets but she also has a deep understanding of politics,” he said. “She has sound logic and sound reasoning and knows how to drive a coherent message effectively.”
Another, more unlikely ally for Bannon is Priebus, a former rival with whom he has formed an unlikely coalition. But this, too, could be living on borrowed time. Katie Walsh, one of his deputies, departed the White House abruptly last month, and Trump is reportedly fond of asking visitors to judge Priebus’ performance.
Kushner, by contrast, has an ever-expanding portfolio that includes overseeing relations with Mexico, Canada and China, ending the conflict between Israelis and Palestinians, and running the White House Office of American Innovation, which aims for nothing less than a reinvention of the entire federal government.
Rick Tyler, a political analyst and former spokesperson for Ted Cruz, said Kushner’s lack of experience concerned him.
“It’s deeply troubling given all the existing talent in foreign affairs and diplomacy and government functions,” Tyler said. “I’m sure Jared is a very talented young man but he comes in with zero experience in these areas.”
He added: “The portfolio’s scope is as big as the presidency itself. We didn’t elect Jared Kushner and we didn’t confirm him. He’s the president’s son-in-law and doesn’t have the required experience.”
Indeed, political fortunes can be fickle, perhaps even for the president’s son-in-law. As Bannon discovered, eclipsing a president who voraciously consumes the press himself carries many risks. 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump sought on Sunday to spread blame for the failure of his first attempt at passing major legislation, the replacement of Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law. 
As internecine squabbling continued in the Republican party, the president’s targets included conservatives in Congress, Democrats and, possibly, the House speaker, Paul Ryan.
On Twitter on Sunday morning, Trump wrote: “Democrats are smiling in DC that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club for Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood & O[bama]care.”
He was referring to the advocacy group Club for Growth, as well as the Heritage Foundation thinktank and probably its advocacy offshoot Heritage Action for America, all conservative groups with influence on the members of the Freedom Caucus. 
That hard-right House group’s withdrawal of support along with some Republican moderates caused Ryan and Trump to pull the health bill before a vote on Friday. 
Provocatively, Trump lumped such groups together with congressional Democrats and mentioned Planned Parenthood, a federally funded provider of women’s healthcare services that is a lightning rod for anti-abortion groups.
Debate also continued about whether Trump or members of his administration had orchestrated an unusual attack on Ryan on Saturday, despite professions of unity from both the White House and the House speaker’s camp. Trump and Ryan spoke by phone for an hour on Saturday.
In the morning, the president used Twitter to tell the public to watch a show on Fox News at 9pm, Judge Jeanine.
The former judge, prosecutor, district attorney and Republican political candidate from New York Jeanine Ferris Pirro then opened her show by saying: “Paul Ryan needs to step down as speaker of the House … He failed to deliver the votes.”
Trump’s senior adviser, Steve Bannon, is a former publisher of the hard-right website Breitbart, which has been harshly critical of Ryan.
Mick Mulvaney, formerly a member of the Freedom Caucus and now Trump’s director of the Office of Management and Budget, denied any move against the speaker.
“Never once have I seen him blame Paul Ryan,” Mulvaney said on NBC’s Meet the Press. “The people who are to blame are the people who would not vote yes.”
Mulvaney was one of the leading officials lobbying House Republicans to pass the bill, which was pulled less than an hour before lawmakers were due to vote.
“We haven’t been able to change Washington in the first 65 days,” Mulvaney said. “I know the Freedom Caucus. I helped found it. I never thought it would come to this.”
He would have been prepared to vote for the legislation, he said.
Speaking on CNN’s State of the Union about whether Trump had a motive to attack Ryan indirectly by flagging up the Fox News show, New York Republican Lee Zeldin, who supported the GOP healthcare bill, said he believed the president “wouldn’t know that’s what was going to be said”.
About Ryan, he added: “I think he should stay as speaker.”
The leader of the Freedom Caucus, Mark Meadows of North Carolina, said on ABC’s This Week healthcare reform was not dead, despite the failure of Ryan’s American Health Care Act (AHCA) and the president’s indications that he is ready to move on to tax reform.
“It’s like saying that Tom Brady lost at halftime,” Meadows said, in reference to the New England Patriots’ astonishing Super Bowl comeback win against the Atlanta Falcons in February.
“I still believe that there is a good chance, if moderates and conservatives can come together, that we repeal and replace Obamacare, bring premiums down, cover more people.”
Asked about rumors that he himself could replace Ryan as speaker, and if he supported Ryan, Meadows dodged both questions.
“There is no conversations [sic] going on right now with regard to replacing the speaker,” he said. “It’s all hands on deck with regard to Obamacare, tax reform, the border wall.”
Newt Gingrich, a former Republican speaker who became close to Trump during the 2016 election, was critical of the president’s approach to legislative action.
“Don’t set up an artificial deadline to fail,” he said on Fox News Sunday, referring to Trump and Ryan’s failed promise to repeal the Affordable Care Act (ACA) on its seventh anniversary.
“Paul Ryan is a brilliant policy guy,” Gingrich said. But he added: “The congressional leadership still wants to behave as if they are in a pre-Trump world, and Trump trusted them. They were saying to him: ‘We have the votes.’”
The Ohio governor, John Kasich, an opponent of Trump in last year’s primary and a consistent critic since, also said healthcare reform was not dead but admitted that his party was badly split.
“I think there was a tug of war inside the administration,” he said on CNN, adding that Democrats should share blame for not working with Republicans. Lawmakers could not now “walk away, close their eyes and lock the door”, Kasich said.
Bernie Sanders, the independent senator from Vermont who ran strongly for the Democratic presidential nomination on a platform of universal healthcare coverage, was predictably scathing of Republican efforts at reform.
It was a “disastrous piece of legislation”, he said.
The Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer, speaking on ABC, said Democrats would work with Republicans to tweak the ACA if they dropped the goal of repealing it.
 “We never said it was perfect,” Schumer said, adding: “The American people hated ‘Trumpcare’. The more they learned about it, the more they didn’t like it. And I want to salute all the ordinary people out there who called and wrote and picketed.”
Trump has said the ACA, popularly known as Obamacare, will simply “explode” by itself. Democrats say that stance undermines healthcare services.
Schumer said: “For the president to say he will undermine it, that’s not presidential. That’s petulance.”



ARTICLE
In the journalistic race to get to the bottom of one of the most closely guarded secrets in Washington – the investigation into the Trump team’s contacts with Moscow – one of the biggest scoops came from an unexpected source: the British former MP and novelist Louise Mensch.
Mensch has lived in New York since resigning as the Conservative MP for Corby in 2012 so that she could spend more time with her children and her American husband, Peter, the manager of the heavy metal band Metallica. 
Now 45, the woman born Louise Bagshawe in London who once dominated the chick-lit bestseller lists in the UK has reinvented herself once more: working as an executive for Rupert Murdoch’s News Corp by day, and probing Donald Trump’s Moscow connections by night.
On the eve of the November election, Mensch published a sensational story reporting that a special intelligence court in Washington had granted a warrant to allow the FBI to conduct surveillance of “US persons” in an investigation of possible contacts between Russian banks and the Trump organisation.
At the time, the story did not cause much of a ripple. It was published on Heat Street, a libertarian-leaning website run by News Corp, and an unknown quantity in journalism. So was Mensch, whose recent public profile consisted mainly of a string of angry Twitter spats. 
 Meanwhile, the combined investigative forces of the US media had spent months seeking to prove a secret connection between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin and had come up with very little. 
The online magazine Slate had published an article at the end of October about mysterious pings that had been detected between a Russian bank, Alfa, and a server connected to the Trump organisation, but the New York Times quoted FBI officials as saying they had looked into it and decided there “there could be an innocuous explanation” for the computer contacts.
Two months later, however, the BBC put out a story echoing Mensch’s original report about the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (Fisa) court warrant issued in October to allow the justice department to look into transfers and communications between the Russian banks and Trump associate – and that US intelligence agencies were investigating the link. 
The Guardian separately confirmed the original request for a Fisa warrant, which had been turned down earlier in the summer, and former officials said they believed that the Mensch and BBC account of the Fisa warrants was correct. 
In mid-January, the McClatchy news agency said one of its sources had also confirmed the report, and the New York Times’ public editor, Liz Spayd, published an assessment of its coverage of the Trump-Moscow link on 20 January, arguing that it had been “too timid”. The Times, Spayd argued, “knew several critical facts: the FBI had a sophisticated investigation under way on Trump’s organization, possibly including Fisa warrants”.
 The full facts about the connections between the Trump camp and the Kremlin are not yet known. Trump now has authority over all the intelligence agencies that were investigating the Russian connection. Investigations have been officially launched in the Senate, but there too, Republicans are in command, and only a handful of senators seem ready to break party ranks to inquire further. 
 However, it seems increasingly clear that Mensch landed an extraordinary scoop that had eluded the best investigative journalists in the US. Her explanation is that her vocal advocacy on behalf of UK and US intelligence agencies since former NSA contractor Edward Snowden’s revelations about mass surveillance led her sources to trust her.
 “They gave me one of the most closely guarded secrets in intelligence,” she said in a telephone interview. “People are speculating why someone trusted me with that. Nobody met me in a darkened alley in a fedora, but they saw me as someone who has political experience and is their friend. I am a pro-national security partisan. I don’t have divided loyalties.” 
Mensch said she gained her reputation among intelligence professionals on both sides of the Atlantic as a result of her furious criticism of the Guardian’s handling of the NSA files leaked by Snowden when he walked out of his NSA job in Hawaii and fled to Hong Kong. 
The files included large amounts of information about the UK electronic surveillance agency, GCHQ, and Mensch argued that moving the files around the world constituted trafficking in stolen state secrets that put the lives of British intelligence officials at risk. 
The Guardian has maintained that the revelation of the extent of mass surveillance in the UK and the US was in the public interest, that the data was shared responsibly and securely among journalists, and that nothing was put in the public domain that would be a threat to the lives of GCHQ workers. 
Mensch presented herself as an advocate for intelligence professionals, who were unable to defend themselves because of the secret nature of their work. She frequently uses the hashtag #TeamBond. “I am a patriot in the service of the intelligence community,” she said. 
A few weeks after her Fisa scoop, Mensch was moved from her job running Heat Street, but she said she had asked for the job as she was keen to develop new digital projects for News Corp.
Mensch continues to investigate the Trump administration’s links with the Russian government, but now in her own time, publishing her theories in tweets and a blog. She has lately been tracking the flights of private planes linked to Russian oligarchs and Trump associates. She insisted that she had not come under any pressure to stop from Murdoch or senior management of the largely pro-Trump News Corp. She says she prefers the free hand self-publishing provides. 
“I didn’t want to be subject to an editing process,”she said. “Editors would ask: who are your sources? And I can’t tell them.”
In her tweets Mensch is unsparing when it comes to making allegations, and she has repeatedly denounced some figures in the Trump circle as traitors. She insists she has no fear of being sued for libel. “I’ve never been sued because I’ve never been wrong,” she said. 



ARTICLE
Bernie Sanders and Democratic National Committee chairman Tom Perez have kicked off a multi-state campaign tour, hoping to harness the energy of the movement that mobilized in opposition to Donald Trump.
“I’ve got one question: are you ready for a political revolution?” Vermont senator Sanders asked, thrilling a raucous crowd in Portland, Maine, on Monday night.
“Well, you’ve come to the right place.”
Portland, a liberal city in a state Sanders won during the 2016 Democratic caucuses, was the first stop in the eight-state, 6,000 mile “come together, fight back” tour. 
Along the way, the pair will travel to competitive states like Florida, as well as traditionally conservative ones like Kentucky and Texas, where liberal voters have long felt abandoned by the Democratic party. The tour ends in Las Vegas, Nevada, a swing state that elected Democrats up and down the ballot on election night 2016.
The team-up is part of an effort to unify the party after a stinging election night loss that left the party fractious and leaderless. With the 2018 congressional election on the horizon, Democrats are working to capitalize on the liberal movement that’s coalesced in opposition to Trump’s agenda.
“The mission of the new DNC is not simply to elect the president of the United States – it’s to elect Democrats from the school board to the Senate,” the new chairman told the crowd. 
During his speech, Perez impersonated Trump, mocking the president’s about-face on labeling China a currency manipulator, and slipped in colorful language to hammer Republicans on their failure to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare.
“I don’t know what to call it – Trumpcare? Ryancare?” Perez said of the Republican healthcare plan. “I’ll tell you what I’d call it: ‘I don’t care’ because those Republican leaders and President Trump don’t give a shit about the people they were trying to hurt.”
But it was Sanders, the one-time presidential candidate whose outsider bid for the Democratic nomination revealed deep fractures in the party, who electrified the crowd in a testament to his enduring popularity among progressive voters. 
“Our job is to radically transform the Democratic party,” the Vermont independent said to sustained cheers, while Perez, the party’s new leader stood backstage.
The goal, Sanders said, was to transform the Democratic party “into a 50-state party, and a party which does not continue to ignore half of the states in our country including some of the poorest states in America. Our job is to create a democratic Democratic party – a grassroots party – where decisions are made from the bottom on up, not from the top on down.”
Sanders and Perez share a similar vision for the future Democratic party but were in opposite camps during the campaign for DNC chair – Sanders was a vocal supporter of Perez’s opponent, Minnesota congressman Keith Ellison.
Sanders earned sustained applause when he told the crowd that he would soon introduce legislation that would establish a “Medicare for all, single-payer” healthcare program. 
As Sanders and Perez embark on their rebuilding tour, a special congressional election in Kansas last week showed that Democrats are still quick to blame one another in the face of defeat. 
Last Tuesday, Republican Ron Estes, scraped out a single-digit victory against his Democratic opponent James Thompson, in a surprisingly competitive race for the deeply conservative district. Democrats hailed Thompson’s unexpectedly strong performance, but party strategists came under fire for not investing more in Thompson’s campaign. 
“It is true that the Democratic party should have put more resources into that election,” Sanders said on CNN on Sunday. 
But Perez disagreed with that assessment in an interview with NPR on Monday ahead of the tour. 
“What’s remarkable about that race is that is a beet-red district. Republicans usually win by about 30 to 35 points. They won by single digits,” Perez said. 
“If we replicate that success everywhere, we will flip the House in 2018. And we’re making tremendous progress. We’ve already made investments in a race that will take place tomorrow in Georgia.”
Thompson has since urged Democrats to stop debating why he lost and focus instead on the upcoming elections. 
All eyes now turn to Georgia, where Democrats are hoping to pull off what would be a stunning upset in an election for a long-held GOP seat on Tuesday.



ARTICLE
A new lawmaker in Rhode Island has condemned the “insane amount of drinking” that goes on in the legislature as its members conduct the state’s affairs.
Moira Walsh, a Democrat from Providence, said lawmakers had “file cabinets full of booze” and described how they recently took shots on the floor of the House of Representatives to celebrate the Dominican Republic’s independence day.
Walsh took office in January after ousting a longtime incumbent in the 2016 Democratic primary and is known for being blunt. She was fired from her job as a waitress in January after her employer said her liberal political views hurt the restaurant’s reputation.
“It is the drinking that blows my mind,” she told talk show host Matt Allen on radio WPRO-AM. “You cannot operate a motor vehicle when you’ve had two beers but you can make laws that affect people’s lives forever when you’re half in the bag? That’s outrageous.”
Legislative leaders sought to dismiss her claims of rampant drinking. Democratic House majority leader Joseph Shekarchi told the Providence Journal he had never seen anyone intoxicated on the floor of the state house or impaired while voting.
But it’s not uncommon for Rhode Island legislators to have toasts of alcohol during celebratory occasions. One of the biggest is next week ahead of St Patrick’s Day. Nor are Rhode Island lawmakers alone in drinking on the job, though some other states have sought to curb the practice.
In Massachusetts late-night antics ultimately forced a rules change essentially banning the House of Representatives from meeting past midnight. A Missouri lawmaker in 2016 proposed legislation banning smoking and alcohol in the state house. And a pattern of drunken-driving arrests of California lawmakers led the legislature to provide them free after-hours transportation, though the free rides were ended in 2015 in an attempt to restore public trust.
Alcohol is prohibited in some capitols buildings including Oklahoma and Idaho. In Oklahoma it’s also a violation of House and Senate rules for a member to be intoxicated on the floor.
Walsh has criticised Rhode Island’s political culture before.
She said in 2016 that “one of the things I’m personally very concerned about is I’ve heard rumours that there’s drinking during sessions. I don’t imagine that’s going to go over well with me.”
She also said that as “a low-income single mother” she was bothered that too much was decided at late-night dinner meetings between legislators.
Joking with WPRO’s host Tuesday about the possibility of a police checkpoint outside the legislators’ parking lot, Walsh said, “I’m going to be the person who ruined drinking at the state house. They’ll love me forever.”



ARTICLE
Like an egg that rolled off the kitchen counter – briefly in flight then a big, sloppy mess – the Republican plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act (ACA) has left the party with unappetizing options. 
Republicans are now faced with either fixing the law popularly known as Obamacare, or undermining it, as Donald Trump has suggested.
Trump argued Democrats would “own” the ACA’s failures and suggested “when it explodes” Democrats would crawl back “to make a deal”. “I’m open to that,” he concluded. 
Just one problem: the law could actually keep growing while Republicans sidestep the issue.
Virginia’s governor, Terry McAuliffe, became the latest governor (albeit a Democratic one) to take advantage of one of the ACA’s central provisions – expanded healthcare for the poor. Right now, there are 31 states that have expanded Medicaid, a public health insurance program for the poor, with the federal government footing most of the bill. 
This program was a major sticking point in Republicans’ failed health bill. Though conservatives philosophically opposed the entitlement program, many Republican governors recognized its significant benefits to their constituents. Congressional Republicans would have cut Medicaid by $880bn, forcing dramatic benefit cuts. 
McAuliffe became the first governor post-“Trumpcare” to announce his intention to expand Medicaid. An estimated 136,000 Virginians stand to gain health insurance if his state moves forward with the expansion. Nationally, Medicaid has grown by 17 million people since it was expanded. The Republican plan would probably have resulted in 14 million people losing Medicaid. 
The Trump administration will also need to quickly decide whether to defend the ACA against a lawsuit House Republicans prompted. Yep, that’s right – Trump may need to defend a law he swore to repeal from an action his own party took.
When the ACA was passed, lawmakers promised to pay insurers if losses were larger than expected, in order to entice them into markets where individuals could buy insurance. In the years following the ACA’s passage, when Republicans took control of Congress, the party decided that – in fact – Congress would not agree to pay insurers that money. Some companies are now suing the government for money they believed they’re owed, with some success. Moda Health Plans was the first insurer to win a lawsuit. A judge awarded the company $214m in February. The federal government is likely to appeal. However, for an administration which must now decide whether to stabilize or undermine health insurance markets, depriving insurance companies of a financial backstop might not be good business. Insurance companies are making decisions now about whether to stay in the individual insurance market.
The Trump administration could mold programs to better conform with conservative ideals. Medicaid is a good example. The agency that administers Medicaid, called the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid (CMS), is now headed by a woman who helped do just that when she worked with vice-president Mike Pence in his home state of Indiana – Seema Verma. 
Verma helped conservative states like Indiana and Kentucky as they attempted to add requirements to the program stating that beneficiaries must work. The Obama administration shot those plans down, but Verma is now in a position to approve these more restrictive programs. For a bit of context, the majority of Virginians (51%) who might be covered if Medicaid expands already work. 
But the Trump administration will also need to account for its own supporters who gained access to Medicaid under Obamacare and might lose it again to such requirements. In just three southern states that voted heavily for Trump – Arkansas, Kentucky and West Virginia – more than 900,000 people depend on the Medicaid expansion alone. 
An attempt to change “essential health benefits”, tenets of insurance Americans consider defining such as coverage for hospital visits or maternity care, did not just tank the Republican law – the benefits could also be at the center of one of the first fights to come. 
Coverage of contraceptives is the likeliest target for change. For example, the Trump administration could allow more companies to say they are religiously opposed to covering oral contraceptives. That would cause more women to have to pay for the pill themselves. Considering that more than one quarter of US women use birth control pills, this is no small change. 
In the Trump administration’s zeal to prove that Obamacare was “collapsing”, the administration pulled already-paid-for ads from the airwaves just before a sign-up deadline. Critics cried foul, because most people sign up at the last minute, and some thought it could depress enrollment.
The Department of Health and Human Services’ in-house watchdog also thought the move was worth looking into. The day before the Republicans’ health bill failed, the inspector general said it would investigate the agency’s decision to pull the ads. 



ARTICLE
Two members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus said they were removed from a meeting with Immigration and Customs Enforcement (Ice) on Thursday, just two days after the agency’s acting director abruptly cancelled a meeting with the CHC.
On Thursday, Democratic Representatives Luis Gutiérrez of Illinois and Norma Torres of California said Republicans asked them to leave a meeting with the agency’s acting director, Thomas Homan, about the rash of raids on immigrant communities.
“In 20-plus years, I have never heard of the Republicans controlling what meetings Democrats can have with officials of the executive branch and never had a staffer ask me to leave a meeting to which I am entitled to attend,” Gutiérrez said in a statement after the meeting.
The House minority leader, Nancy Pelosi, said during a press conference after the meeting that Ice determined the guest list. She said the list initially excluded all members of the Congressional Hispanic caucus but that the Democrats were able to convince them to invite the caucus chairwoman, Michelle Lujan Grisham.
Caucus members said the decision to exclude them was striking as they had initiated the Tuesday meeting with Homan to discuss the raids happening in cities across the country. Agents have arrested more than 680 undocumented immigrants in what Donald Trump touted on Twitter as a “crackdown on illegal criminals”. 
But the meeting was canceled at the last minute. The agency said Homan’s decision not to meet with the Hispanic Caucus was because they had invited too many people and holding a meeting of that size without making it bipartisan would have broken congressional rules. 
At a press conference on Tuesday, Representative Grace Napolitano of California called the explanation “bullshit” and said administration officials routinely met with nonpartisan groups of lawmakers. 
A bipartisan meeting with the acting director was arranged for Thursday, but members of the Hispanic Caucus were not invited. 
Gutiérrez and Torres tried to enter anyway while other members of the caucus waited outside. Gutiérrez was asked to leave first, followed by Torres. 
After leaving the meeting, the Democrats waited outside with other members of the caucus and held a prayer vigil for the families caught up in the immigrant raids.
AshLee Strong, a spokeswoman for the House speaker, Paul Ryan, said his office had organized the briefing and “at the request of DHS, limited to members with jurisdictional interests in immigration enforcement”. 
“Members of the CHC expressed interest in attending, and to accommodate the request, we welcomed the chair of the CHC to join on behalf of the other members,” she said. “We are confident that the CHC chair is capable of representing the views of her caucus, and this arrangement was made very clear to the CHC ahead of time.”
Pelosi said in a press conference afterward: “I’ve never seen anything like it and hopefully never [will] again.”
Meanwhile, Kamala Harris of California took to the floor of the Senate for the first time since she was sworn in last month to denounce the president’s action on immigration.
“I rise because the president’s actions have created deep uncertainty and pain for our refugee and immigrant communities,” Harris said. “I rise on behalf of California’s 250,000 ‘dreamers’ who were told by the federal government, ‘if you sign up, we won’t use your personal information against you’. I rise to say the United States of America cannot go back on our promise to these kids and their families.”
Across the country on Thursday, immigrants – naturalized citizens, legal residents and undocumented – refused to go to work in protest against Trump’s immigration actions. The boycott, known as a “day without immigrants”, was intended to highlight immigrants’ contributions to the American workforce. 
Raids and mass detentions were tools that Obama frequently reached for from 2009 to 2017, and he deported at least 2.4 million people, more than any previous president. But the first operations of Trump’s presidency fanned fears around the country that his promised plan to deport millions of undocumented people had begun.
Ice has said the raids were “routine” and no different than the arrests, detentions and deportations carried out under the Obama administration, which targeted undocumented immigrants with criminal backgrounds or repeated immigration violations.
An Ice official on Thursday said Homan told attendees that the immigration officers target pre-identified individuals for arrest at specific locations. He said that in the course of these raids, agents frequently encounter other immigrants who are living in the US unlawfully and they too are arrested. 




ARTICLE
Donald Trump has signalled that he expects to meet Pope Francis, with whom he has clashed in the past, when he travels to Italy next month.
The US president will be in Italy in late May for a meeting of the G7 industrialised democracies. An audience with the pontiff would bring together two wildly contrasting world views.
“I look very much forward to meeting the pope,” said on Thursday in a joint press conference at the White House with the Italian prime minister, Paolo Gentiloni.
Minutes later Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, admitted that the meeting has not yet been confirmed. Trump’s assertion now risks making a non-meeting look like a snub.
Trump and the pope fell out in February last year after the Republican candidate had pledged to build a wall on the US-Mexican border. The head of the Catholic church said: “A person who thinks only about building walls, wherever they may be, and not building bridges, is not Christian.”
Trump responded that he was “proud to be a Christian” and described the pope’s comments as “disgraceful”. If the Vatican were attacked by Islamic State, he added, the pontiff would have prayed Trump was president to prevent it.
Pope Francis called for greater compassion for refugees less than a week after Trump tried to impose a travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries. Last month the Vatican also urged Trump to listen to “dissenting voices” and reconsider his position on climate change.
On Thursday Trump was positive about the prospect of visiting Sicily and acknowledged Italy’s artistic and scientific achievements. “From Venice to Florence, from Verdi to Pavarotti – a friend of mine, great friend of mine,” he ad-libbed.
The widow of Luciano Pavarotti, who died a decade ago, objected to Trump’s use of the operatic tenor’s version of Nessun Dorma at campaign rallies, writing: “The values of brotherhood and solidarity that Luciano Pavarotti upheld throughout his artistic career are incompatible with the world vision of the candidate Donald Trump.”
Trump also said a strong Europe was “very, very important” to the US, condemned Iran for doing “a tremendous disservice” to the nuclear agreement and expressed confidence that China was working hard to rein in North Korea. “We don’t know whether or not they’re able to do that, but I have absolute confidence that he will be trying very, very hard,” he said.
Contradicting earlier official statements, the president acknowledged that he has conflated diplomacy with trade in talks with the Chinese president, Xi Jinping. “I actually told him, I said, ‘You’ll make a much better deal on trade if you get rid of this menace or do something about the menace of North Korea.’ Because that’s what it is.”
Trump gave a confusing answer on America’s plans for Libya, which sank into chaos after the US-backed overthrow of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011. “I do not see a role in Libya,” he told reporters in the East Room. “I think the United States has, right now, enough roles. We’re in a role everywhere, so I do not see that.
“I do see a role in getting rid of Isis. We’re being very effective in that regard … We are effectively ridding the world of Isis. I see that as a primary role and that is what we’re going to do, whether it’s in Iraq or Libya or anywhere else. And that role will come to an end at a certain point and we’ll be able to go back and rebuild our country, which is what I want to do.”



ARTICLE
Ivanka Trump continued to try to distance herself from her father’s more controversial policies on Tuesday, implying in an interview with CBS News that she expresses her disagreement in private.
The comments come amid questions about her role in the White House and after she said last week that she would take on a formal role as an adviser to her father. 
“I would say not to conflate lack of public denouncement with silence,” the president’s daughter said in an excerpt of an interview with CBS’s Gayle King to be aired in full on Wednesday morning. She added: “I think there are multiple ways to have your voice heard.” 
She told King about her conversations with her father, saying: “Where I disagree with my father, he knows it and I express myself with total candor. Where I agree, I fully lean in and support the agenda.” 
She did not specify any issues where she disagreed with her father. In another clip, she was asked about whether she and her husband, Jared Kushner, were “complicit” in the Trump White House. Ivanka Trump replied: “If being complicit is wanting ... to be a force for good and to make a positive impact, then I’m complicit ... I hope time will prove that I have done a good job, and, much more importantly, that my father’s administration is the success that I know it will be.” 
The question about whether she was “complicit” comes after a Saturday Night Live parody starring Scarlett Johansson used that phrase. 
Ivanka’s role has been in the spotlight since as far back as November, when she sat in on then president-elect Trump’s first meeting with the Japanese prime minister, Shinzo Abe. She was also involved in February’s state visit with Canada’s prime minister, Justin Trudeau. She has been painted in several stories based on friendly leaks in the press as having a moderating influence on her father’s administration on issues such as the environment and gay rights. However, the Trump administration is still taking steps to revoke Obama-era guidance on the use of bathrooms by transgender people and rolling back efforts to combat climate change.
 Kushner’s expanding role has also been under scrutiny. He has a wide-ranging portfolio at the White House on issues ranging from Middle East peace to the opioid epidemic to addressing US government reform and relations with countries such as Mexico and China.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump dismissed reports of chaos and conspiracy in his administration and claimed his team was running like “a fine-tuned machine” during an extraordinary press conference at which he tried to reset his beleaguered presidency.
In a boisterous and often bizarre session, he fired off numerous broadsides at the media as he skipped from topic to topic in what critics saw as an attempt to deflect attention from his alleged ties to Russia.
“I turn on the TV, open the newspapers and I see stories of chaos, chaos,” Trump scolded reporters. “Yet it is the exact opposite. This administration is running like a fine-tuned machine, despite the fact that I can’t get my cabinet approved.”
But soon afterwards that same “fine-tuned” administration was plunged into further disarray. On Thursday night, it was confirmed that Trump’s preferred replacement for his disgraced national security adviser has turned the job down.
The president’s first solo media briefing since taking office was held ostensibly to announce Alexander Acosta as his new pick for labour secretary after his first choice, Andrew Puzder, withdrew from consideration.
But the event at the White House rapidly turned into a sprawling, freewheeling and pugnacious defence of his first four weeks as president and a bitter denunciation of the press.
In a remarkable press conference – spanning 77 minutes in which he took questions from 17 reporters – Trump:
He argued that there had been “incredible progress” over the past four weeks: “I don’t think there’s ever been a president elected who in this short period of time has done what we have done.”
The measures taken so far include withdrawing from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, eliminating regulations that “undermine manufacturing”, plans to smash international drug cartels and strengthening the country’s borders. Trump contrasted himself with past politicians who made promises only to break them.
In a swipe at Barack Obama’s administration, Trump said: “To be honest, I inherited a mess. It’s a mess. At home and abroad, a mess.
“Jobs are pouring out of the country – you see what’s going on with all of the companies leaving our country, going to Mexico and other places, low pay, low wages, mass instability overseas, no matter where you look. The Middle East is a disaster. North Korea – we’ll take care of it, folks; we’re going to take care of it all. I just want to let you know, I inherited a mess.”
But as so often during the election campaign, it was the media that became his primary punchbag. He claimed it was serving not the people but special interests profiting from a broken system. “The press has become so dishonest that if we don’t talk about, we are doing a tremendous disservice to the American people. Tremendous disservice. We have to talk to find out what’s going on, because the press honestly is out of control. The level of dishonesty is out of control.”
Trump claimed he was talking about an entrenched “power structure” that needed attention. “We’re not going to let it happen, because I’m here again to take my message straight to the people.”
He singled out broadcasters and individual reporters for particular criticism, insisting that they had lost the trust of the public. “I just see many, many untruthful things. It’s about tone. The tone is such hatred. I’m really not a bad person. I do get good ratings, you have to admit that.”
The coverage of the press conference itself would be skewed, he added. “I love this. I’m having a good time doing it. Tomorrow, the headlines are going to be: ‘Donald Trump rants and raves.’ I’m not ranting and raving.”
Allegations about Trump’s connections with Russia hovered over the entire news conference. Apparently trying to square a circle, Trump claimed: “The leaks are absolutely real. The news is fake because so much of the news is fake.”
He argued: “You know, you can talk all you want about Russia, which was all fake news, fabricated deal, to try and make up for the loss of the Democrats, and the press plays right into it.”
The president was asked repeatedly about whether his advisers had contact with Russia during the US presidential election campaign. He eventually conceded: “Nobody that I know of. How many times do I have to answer this question? Russia is a ruse.”
Trump claimed that media reports about his administration’s relationship with Russia might make it difficult for him to strike a deal with Vladimir Putin. “Putin probably assumes that he can’t make a deal with me any more because politically it would be unpopular for a politician to make a deal.”
He mocked Hillary Clinton, his defeated election opponent and a former secretary of state, for an attempt to “reset” relations with Russia, which included a mocked-up plastic button that he said “made us all look like a bunch of jerks”. And he challenged the room, asking whether anyone seriously thought Clinton would be tougher on Russia than he was.
The Trump administration was thrown into turmoil by Monday’s resignation of the national security adviser, Michael Flynn, over his secret discussion of US sanctions with Russia’s ambassador to Washington, Sergey Kislyak. On Thursday night, Robert Harward, who Trump wanted to replace Flynn, was confirmed to have refused the offer.
The president confirmed he asked Flynn to resign but insisted he was a “fine person” who did nothing wrong by speaking to Russia’s ambassador about sanctions.
“Mike was doing his job,” he said. “He was calling countries and his counterparts. So, it certainly would have been OK with me if he did it. I would have directed him to do it if I thought he wasn’t doing it. I didn’t direct him, but I would have directed him because that’s his job.”
Instead, Flynn’s mistake was to mislead officials including the vice-president, Mike Pence. “He didn’t tell the vice-president of the United States the facts,” Trump said. “And then he didn’t remember. And that just wasn’t acceptable to me.”
He added: “I fired him because of what he said to Mike Pence: very simple ... I don’t think he did anything wrong. If anything, he did something right.”
The president insisted the “real story” was that the intelligence community leaking information about Flynn’s conversations and details of the investigation into his campaign advisers.
“I’ve actually called the justice department to look into the leaks,” he said. “Those are criminal leaks.”
Trump also railed against embarrassing leaks of his phone calls with world leaders including Australia and Mexico, suggesting that people within the White House could potentially put the US at risk by leaking confidential future conversations about how to handle North Korea.
Trump has been accused of stoking division and hiring a white nationalist, Steve Bannon, as his chief strategist. He angrily turned on a reporter who asked him if his administration had incited acts of antisemitism. “Sit down!” he barked. “Number one, I am the least antisemitic person you’ve ever seen in your entire life. Number two, racism, the least racist person.”
When the journalist tried to interject, Trump shouted over him: “Quiet, quiet, quiet. See, he lied that he was going to get up and ask a straight, simple question, so, you know, welcome to the world of the media.”
Trump was also caught in a falsehood about his electoral college victory being the biggest since Ronald Reagan but brushed it off. Zigzagging through various topics, he again insisted: “There’s zero chaos. This is a fine-tuned machine.”
But his grandstanding is unlikely to go down well on Capitol Hill. On Thursday, Chuck Schumer, leader of the Democratic minority in the Senate, demanded investigations by both Congress and the justice department into ties between the Trump administration and Russia.
“We do not know all of the facts, and in the coming days and weeks, more information may well surface about these disturbing revelations,” Schumer said on the Senate floor. “But we already know that something is rotten in the state of Denmark.
“I have been in Congress for a long time, and I’ve never, ever seen anything like this. The institutions of government are being tested in a way they have not been tested in some time ... I believe the stakes to be very high. This is not a drill. Nothing less than our system of checks and balances, the rule of law, and our national security is at stake.”
The Democratic House minority leader, Nancy Pelosi, is pushing the interim director of national intelligence for a “comprehensive” briefing over the next two weeks. Pelosi will seek transcripts of the intercepted conversations Flynn had with Kislyak.
Trump’s original pick for labor secretary, Andrew Puzder, abruptly withdrew from consideration on Wednesday.
Trump said Acosta, who did not appear with the president, “has had a tremendous career”. He noted that unlike Puzder, Acosta had been confirmed by the Senate three times and “did very, very well”.
If confirmed anew by the Senate, Acosta would become the first Hispanic member of Trump’s cabinet. He is now dean of the Florida International University law school.
Acosta has served on the National Labor Relations Board and as a federal prosecutor in Florida. He was named assistant attorney general for civil rights by George W Bush.
Additional reporting by Spencer Ackerman in New York and Ben Jacobs in Washington




ARTICLE
Donald Trump has appointed the former president of a leading anti-abortion group to the top communications role at the Department of Health and Human Services (DHSS).
Charmaine Yoest, who for several years was head of Americans United for Life (AUL), will be HHS assistant secretary for public affairs. AUL played an instrumental role in the recent wave of anti-abortion laws by feeding model legislation to state lawmakers.
Under Yoest, the group pushed model bills that outlawed abortion after 20 weeks, required abortion providers to gain admitting privileges at local hospitals, and mandated counseling and waiting periods for women seeking abortions. AUL is also opposed to the use of the morning-after pill and IUDs.
Between 2010 and 2016, states have enacted 288 restrictions on abortion. The AUL directly credits its own work for several dozen of those laws. Its model legislation may have inspired countless more. Abortion rights advocates have managed to block many such measures in court.
As AUL president, Yoest played a key role in framing abortion restrictions as necessary to protect women’s health, although the medical evidence for such claims was often dubious. AUL’s ultimate goal is to end abortion. 
Since leaving AUL, in 2016, Yoest has been a senior fellow at American Values, an anti-abortion, anti-same-sex marriage nonprofit. In her new role, she will set communications strategy for the entire health department.
The agency is headed by another staunch opponent of reproductive rights, former Georgia congressman Tom Price, who as chair of the House budget committee oversaw passage of a measure that defunded Planned Parenthood. 
Price has also voiced hostility toward the requirement, put in place by the Obama administration, that health insurance plans cover contraception with no co-pay, once challenging a reporter to “bring me one woman” who struggled to afford contraception on her own.



ARTICLE
Vice-President Mike Pence said that the Trump administration will “initiate a full evaluation of voting rolls in the country and the overall integrity of our voting system in the wake of this past election”, according to audio obtained by the Guardian.
Trump has pledged an investigation of voter fraud in the wake of his unfounded claims that between 3 million and 5 million fraudulent votes were cast in the 2016 election. In response to a question from Congressman Mo Brooks of Alabama, who described Trump as being “spot on” on the issue, Pence described the investigation that the administration is planning on undertaking. The vice-president, who focused on a Pew Research Center report often cited by Trump that referenced issues with faulty voter registrations, pledged to members of Congress: “We’ll be looking at ways to work with you and follow the facts and see where the facts go.”
The White House is expected to release an executive order on voter fraud in the coming days. Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, described the effort to reporters on Wednesday as an attempt “to understand where the problem exists, how deep it goes”. Spicer indicated that potential fraud only happened in “the bigger states”.
In recent days, it has been reported that a number of Trump aides have been registered to vote in multiple states, the issue that the president has been most vocal about. These include top adviser Steve Bannon as well as others in his circle, including his daughter, Tiffany; his son-in-law, Jared Kushner; and Steven Mnuchin, his nominee for treasury secretary. Having multiple voter registrations is not illegal, and there is no evidence that any of these individuals violated election law by casting multiple ballots in the same election.
In two tweets earlier this week, Trump said, “I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and … even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!”
Trump won the electoral college in November but lost the popular vote to Hillary Clinton by about 3m votes. Without any evidence, he claimed last year that millions of “illegal” immigrants had cast ballots and that he otherwise would have won the popular vote. His rhetoric on the topic echoed claims of a “rigged” election that Trump had made throughout the campaign.
The president’s claims of voter fraud have earned condemnation from both Democrats and Republicans, who argue that the allegations threaten to undermine voters’ confidence in the process. 
Lindsey Graham, a senator for South Carolina, urged Trump to cease making these kinds of statements, saying, “I wasn’t there, but if the president of the United States is claiming that 3.5 million people voted illegally, that shakes confidence in our democracy – he needs to disclose why he believes that.”
Graham continued: “I would urge the president to knock this off; this is the greatest democracy on Earth, we’re the leader of the free world, and people are going to start doubting you as a person if you keep making accusations against our electoral system without justification. This is going to erode his ability to govern this country if he does not stop it.”
The House speaker, Paul Ryan, also distanced himself from Trump’s claims, saying: “I have no way of backing that up.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s 100th day in office as president of the United States is quickly approaching (29 April, to be exact), and ahead of the marker we asked Guardian readers how they’re coping with the new administration.
Many respondents noted that they’d become more politically active, getting involved at the local level or donating to progressive causes:
Others took the election as a prompt to step back from social media, or engage in a little more self-care:
The election painted the opposing views of many Americans in stark relief, and several respondents spoke of having to adjust their own outlooks or behaviors as the much of the electorate remains at loggerheads:
Andrew E was far from the only reader who mentioned throwing back a cold one – or three – as his coping mechanism:
And when all else fails, there’s the old fallback: rationalize it to yourself!
Have your own coping mechanisms for the Trump presidency? Share your thoughts in the comments.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s attorney general, Jeff Sessions, has repeatedly criticized the decrease in federal prosecutions for gun and drug crimes, and has promised “this trend will end”. But the budget proposed by the president on Thursday relies upon savings from the declining federal prison population inherited from Barack Obama to help cut the Department of Justice’s funding to $27.7bn, while increasing funding to speed deportations.
The budget blueprint includes $1.1bn in cuts to what it calls “program level” funding at the justice department, a 3.8% decrease. This is a modest reduction compared with drastic cuts to funding for other departments, including the Environmental Protection Agency and the state department. 
It notes that a roughly 14% decrease in the prison population since 2013 “achieves savings of almost a billion dollars … in Federal prison construction spending”. 
Those proposed savings come after concerted effort by Obama’s justice department, including shifts in how federal prosecutors were directed to approach mandatory minimum sentences for non-violent, low-level drug offenders. 
Reducing the number of offenders who are sent to federal prisons – an approach that the Obama administration argued brought both financial benefits and would make communities safer – is not the priority of Trump’s attorney general. 
Instead, he has promised more prosecutions. 
“At the end of 2015 there were more than 7% fewer federal gun prosecutions than five years before,” Sessions said in a speech to the Association of Attorneys General in February. “In that same five-year period, federal drug prosecutions declined by 18%. Under my leadership at the Department of Justice, this trend will end.”
While slashing $700m in unspecified DoJ programs, Trump’s plan – better viewed as a wishlist or opening negotiating position with Congress, which will draw up the eventual federal budget – would bolster his efforts to deport more people. 
His Department of Homeland Security budget requests $1.5bn in additional funding “for expanded detention, transportation, and removal of illegal immigrants”. It also asks for $314m to hire 500 new border patrol and 1,000 new Immigration and Customs Enforcement (Ice) agents and staff. 
The justice department blueprint asks for an additional $80m to hire 75 more immigration judge teams to speed up the removal proceedings, as well as an unspecified amount for 60 additional border endorsement prosecutors and 30 deputy US marshals “for the apprehension, transportation, and prosecution of criminal aliens”.
The budget also asks for 20 attorneys focused on “Federal efforts to obtain the land and holdings necessary to secure the Southwest border”, and another 20 attorneys and support staff “for immigration litigation assistance”.
At the same time, the budget seeks cuts of $200m in federal funding largely paid out to reimburse states for “incarcerating certain illegal criminal aliens”, a move perhaps in line with the budget’s larger principle of slashing federal funding and asking states to fill in the gaps. Obama also tried to completely cut funding for the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, but champions in Congress have defended it. 
In all, Trump pledged to cut $700m in “unnecessary” spending on unspecified DoJ programs that he deemed have “either have met their goal or have exceeded their usefulness”. What these programs will be is not yet clear: the budget does pledge to retain funding for certain grant programs aimed at preventing violence against local law enforcement officials, including a longstanding partnership that helps state and local agencies purchase bulletproof vests for their officers. 
The FBI is also a winner in the president’s budget blueprint, with a requested $249m, or 3%, budget increase. The budget also allocates $175m “to target the worst of the worst criminal organizations and drug traffickers”.
While the budget requests money to fulfill Trump’s promise of building a wall between the US and Mexico, the budget asks for a similar sum to protect “cyberspace”.
Amid outrage over Russia’s interference in the US election, the Department of Homeland Security budget asks for $1.5bn for “more assertive defense of government networks” and “a suite of advanced cyber security tools” and says this request “safeguards cyberspace”.
“Throwing billions at defense while ransacking America’s investments in jobs, education, clean energy and lifesaving medical research will leave our nation weakened,” the House Democratic leader, Nancy Pelosi, said in a statement on Thursday. “America’s strength depends on more than military spending; it depends on the power of our diplomacy, the health of our economy and the vitality of our communities.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump revelled in his capture of America’s conservative movement on Friday with a speech that carried all the anger, nativism and rampant populism of his election campaign.
“We are Americans,” the US president said to rapturous applause, “and the future belongs to us.”
Trump told the country’s biggest annual gathering of conservative activists that he would crush the Islamic State, deport criminals, crack down on welfare, overhaul healthcare and put miners back to work. 
He also lashed out again and at length at “the dishonest media” and promised ominously: “We’re going to do something about it.”
A year ago such a scene was unthinkable at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), where Trump gained just 15% in a straw poll of attendees during the Republican primary race. He pulled out of a scheduled speech amid predictions that he would have been booed.
But this time he came to CPAC on a victory lap garlanded by attendees who shouted “Build the wall!”, referring to Trump’s planned wall on the Mexican border, which he promised would come “way, way ahead of schedule”. Chants of “Lock her up” also greeted his mention of defeated election rival Hillary Clinton.
Indeed, the raucous atmosphere resembled a Trump election rally, right down to his entry to the sound of Lee Greenwood’s God Bless the USA and exit to the strains of the Rolling Stones’ You Can’t Always Get What You Want.
 It was evidence of a man in perpetual campaign mode who will face a re-election contest in 2020.
CPAC spent eight years waiting for a Republican president and those attending this year seem to have made peace with the fact Trump is no traditional conservative. “Now you finally have a president, finally,” he said to applause. “It took you a long time and it’s patriots like you that made it happen, believe me.”
As so often at last year’s rallies that fired up predominantly white crowds, Trump reserved some of his intense wrath for the media, repeating his description of them as “enemies of the people”. 
He claimed he was not against all the press, just “the fake news media or press”.
In particular, Trump complained about the use of anonymous sources and accused news outlets of making up sources for damaging reports about his administration. “I’m against the people that make up stories and make up sources,” he said.
“They shouldn’t be allowed to use sources unless they use somebody’s name.
“A source says that Donald Trump is a horrible, horrible human being, let them say it to my face. Let there be no more sources.”
Yet he spoke just hours after members of his own staff held a press briefing in which they refused to attach their names to the information. Briefings are given reguarly with an instruction that they should be attributed to unnamed “senior administration officials”.
Trump told the audience: “The fake news doesn’t tell the truth. It doesn’t represent the people. It will never represent the people and we’re going to do something about it.” He did not explain what that might be.
Shortly after Trump’s attack on the media, the White House altered arrangements for Friday’s briefing with the press secretary, Sean Spicer. It changed from “on camera” to “off camera” and from the normal briefing room to a gathering for an “expanded pool” of reporters at the briefing room doors.
During a characteristically discursive speech, the president said he is already delivering on his agenda – one seen as dark and divisive by his liberal critics. “The era of empty talk is over, it’s gone; now is the time for action,” he said. 
“One by one, we’re checking off the promises we made to the American people. I will not disappoint you.”
He pushed some familar conservative buttons. “It’s time for all Americans to get off welfare and get back to work,” he said. “You’re going to love it.”
He claimed that “jobs are already starting to pour back” and pointed to pledges for more manufacturing jobs in states like Ohio, Michigan and Pennsylvania, which were crucial to his election win.
Trump vowed to deport undocumented immigrants in the US who have committed crimes. “As we speak today, immigration officers are finding gang members, drug dealers and criminal aliens and throwing them the hell out,” he said. “These are bad dudes. We’re getting the bad ones out, OK?”
Trump also promised that “in a matter of days” his administration will take “a brand new action” to prevent potential terrorists from entering the US.
 White House officials have said a new immigration ban will be released shortly after his first one sparked protests and was thwarted in court.
The president said he will “never apologise” for protecting the safety of the American people and promised that “we are going to keep radical Islamic terrorism the hell out of the country”.
Trump told the conservatives the healthcare law he inherited from former president Barack Obama threatened to bring about “total catastrophe”, and reaffirmed his promise to repeal and replace it.
In a fierce defence of his “America first” vision, Trump declared: “There is no such thing as a global flag, a global anthem, or a global flag. This is the United States of America that I’m representing. I’m not representing the globe. I’m representing your country.”
Members of the audience – some wearing red “Make America great again” baseball caps – stood to clap, cheer and chant: “USA! USA!” Trump gave his trademark thumbs up sign.
Attendees praised the speech. Michael Conners, from Brooklyn, New York, said seeing Trump live reminded him of some of the former reality TV star’s appeal. “He’s always a little bit different. He’s a little bit off the cuff – intelligent, funny. Maybe says the wrong thing every once in a while, but that’s just because he’s not a regular politician.”
Many of those who took in the remarks sided with the president in his ongoing feud with the press. “I don’t trust the media in general,” said Adrian Marcogliese, who hails from Montreal but is studying in the US. “The polls spoke for themselves when they said Trump was going to lose.” 
The former Ukip leader and Trump cheerleader Nigel Farage was the next speaker, claiming that Brexit and Trump’s election win were “the beginning of a great global revolution” that would now continue across the rest of the west. “We’ve got some very exciting elections coming up in the Netherlands, in France,” he said, alluding to the challenges of far-right leaders Geert Wilders in the Netherlands and Marine Le Pen in France.Farage defined the UK’s allies as being those that spoke the same language, saying: “Our real friends in the world speak English, have common law, and stand by us in times of crisis.” He also claimed: “We’re not against anybody based on religion or ethnicity,” although he has a record of inflammatory claims about Muslims.



ARTICLE
Paul Ryan has urged Republicans to stand by Donald Trump’s travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries, throwing his support behind the restrictive policy despite its mixed reactions from lawmakers on Capitol Hill.
“The president has a responsibility to the security of this country,” the House speaker told reporters on Tuesday, in his first public comments on the executive order.
“What is happening is something that we support, which is we need to pause, and we need to make sure that the vetting standards are up to snuff, so that we can guarantee the safety and security of this country. That is what this does.”
Ryan also issued a strong defense of Trump’s action in a closed-door meeting with Republicans on Tuesday morning, according to some lawmakers in attendance. The House speaker acknowledged the controversy surrounding the ban and told his members they were likely to see protests in their districts.
Ryan’s backing of Trump came as many Republicans criticized the new administration for failing to consult Congress on an action that produced chaos and uncertainty across the US government. Ryan said he only learned of the executive order as it was being issued, while characterizing the confusion stemming from its abrupt rollout as “regrettable”.
Republicans returning to Washington on Monday after a party retreat in Philadelphia last week were visibly frustrated by the hasty manner in which Trump’s executive order was unveiled. The order suspended all refugee admissions to the US for 120 days, indefinitely barred entry to Syrian refugees, and banned many immigrants and travelers for at least 90 days from Iraq, Syria, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen.
Top Republicans said they were neither consulted nor briefed before the issuance of the new policy, which was signed by the president on Friday afternoon but not publicly disclosed until later that evening. Some said they were still struggling to get answers three days later, underscoring the chasm that has yet to be bridged between Trump and the Republicans who control both chambers of Congress.
Bob Corker, the Republican who chairs the Senate foreign relations committee, warned that lawmakers might step in and take legislative action to circumvent the order if the Trump administration did not address its shortcomings in the coming days.
“I think they understand it was a misfire here,” Corker told reporters on Monday evening. “Obviously the communication was not there. The agency process was not there. Folks here on the Hill were not aware of what was getting ready to happen.
“People around the world were not aware. Chaos ensued,” he added.
Senator Marco Rubio said his office had sought clarity from the state department but was told the agency “was ordered not to talk to Congress about this issue”.
“I suppose it’s because [they’re] not clear what to tell us yet, but that cannot be a permanent position. We expect answers here fairly soon because we have constituents calling,” said Rubio, whose home state of Florida relies heavily on tourism.
Rubio also questioned the need to terminate, even if temporarily, the entire US refugee resettlement program.
“I’m concerned about refugees all over the world, irrespective of the seven countries,” the former presidential contender said. “These are very vulnerable people in very dangerous places.”
An aide to Rubio confirmed the senator’s office had been denied a briefing by the state department on Monday when seeking answers to specific questions about the travel ban. The agency later provided a generic document with responses to frequently asked questions.
Rubio’s complaints ran counter to what Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said earlier in the day.
Spicer pointedly responded to reporters at the White House briefing when asked about lawmakers being left in the dark: “There were staff from appropriate committees and leadership offices that were involved.”
Some Republicans, such as Johnny Isakson of Georgia, sought to give the new administration the benefit of the doubt. Isakson told reporters Trump’s team probably did not foresee the immediate impact the order would have. 
But when asked by the Guardian if he wished the White House had conferred with Congress, Isakson conceded: “That would help, yes.”
Isakson said it was particularly troubling that the Department of Homeland Security had not been provided guidance in advance, deeming it “a slip-up” for the administration to not even brief the agency that would be tasked with executing the order.
Rory Cooper, a former Republican leadership aide, said it was “astounding” that the administration did not offer a heads up even to members of its own party.
“It goes to a broader point which is that the president is simply just not surrounded by people with the expertise or experience to provide him with the adequate counsel, like informing Congress or doing the due diligence of an agency review,” Cooper said.
“There’s really no excuse other than the arrogance on the part of a few advisers.”
Alex Conant, a Republican strategist and former adviser to Rubio, said the party was eager to forge a relationship with the new president. But in order to do so, they would need cooperation from Trump – particularly on such a sweeping action where Republicans lacked the information they needed to defend his shift in policy.
“They think they’re all on the same team,” Conant said, “but when he acts without any coordination, it puts Congress in a bind, because they’re not able to be effective surrogates on his behalf.”
For many in the GOP, the lack of information proved challenging in the face of sharp condemnation from Democrats and civil rights groups, who were quick to decry the policy as a scaled-back version of the “Muslim ban” upon which Trump had campaigned.
Most Republicans, like the Trump administration, disagreed with that characterization, casting the issue as a matter of national security.
“He genuinely believes that we may be allowing dangerous people into the country,” said Thom Tillis, a senator from North Carolina.
But the text of the executive order made explicit that the US government would prioritize religious minorities in Muslim-majority countries upon resuming its admittance of refugees. The president has himself said non-Muslim religious minorities would be prioritized for entry to the US in an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network on Friday.
Even so, Tillis urged the administration to narrow the focus of the executive order – saying green card holders and those who had served with the US military as interpreters or in other roles should not be barred from coming in. 
Rand Paul, who ran unsuccessfully for president in 2016, said his only real issue with the implementation of the order was its initial effect of stranding even those with green cards. Otherwise, Paul said of immigrants: “You don’t have a right to come here. We have a right to make rules on who comes.”
Another 2016 contender, Senator Ted Cruz, commended Trump “for acting swiftly to try to prevent terrorists from infiltrating our refugee programs”. 
“In contrast to the hysteria and mistruths being pushed by the liberal media, President Trump’s executive order implements a four-month pause in refugee admissions so that stronger vetting procedures can be put in place,” the Texas senator said. 
Nonetheless, a growing chorus of Republicans were critical of the order’s scope, saying it was overly broad and played into the hands of terrorist groups such as Islamic State.
John McCain and Lindsey Graham, two of the party’s leading voices on foreign policy, called it a “self-inflicting wound” in a joint statement.
“This executive order sends a signal, intended or not, that America does not want Muslims coming into our country,” McCain and Graham said. “That is why we fear this executive order may do more to help terrorist recruitment than improve our security.”
Dean Heller, a Republican from Nevada, said he was “deeply troubled ‎by the appearance of a religious ban”.
Whether Republicans planned to translate their words of caution into action remained unclear, however. Democrats promptly introduced a bill on Monday that would rescind Trump’s order, but most Republicans said they would wait to see how the administration proceeded before taking matters into their own hands.



ARTICLE
The controversies swirling around the Trump administration have been constant and fast-moving in the past 44 days, but the turbid waters have not swept away his supporters.
From the halls of Congress to the rustic Virginia streets where George Washington first campaigned for office over two and a half centuries ago, Republicans are still willing to give their new president a chance.
Since Donald Trump took the oath of office and warned of “American carnage” on a drizzly January day, his White House has careened from scandals over contacts with Russia to massive outcry over the botched roll out of its travel ban but supporters in the historic town of Winchester, Virginia this week remain unfazed. 
Standing on streets scarred by civil war battles and within view of the site of the courthouse where George Washington won his first election by plying voters with alcohol in 1758, conservatives in the town were confident in Trump’s performance so far. To be fair though, they weren’t all paying attention.
Cindy Grove, a Winchester resident who worked in a real estate agency in town, said “I don’t listen to the news.” She thought Trump was doing a good job because “so far, I haven’t heard of anything horrible”. A registered independent, she said she voted for Trump “because he says the things out loud that I say to myself”. Grove added: “They say government is big business, and he’s a businessman, and ought to know how to take care of things.” 
Others just simply thought Trump, who has been in office now for six full weeks, simply needed to be given some slack. 
William Brinklow, an unshaven man on disability, had “no concerns” about Trump. A registered Republican who had voted for the president, Brinklow was confident that Trump is “going to do a good job once he gets started”.
David Russell, the self-proclaimed ambassador of Old Town, the historic commercial district in the center of Winchester, said of Trump “he’s doing good so far”. Russell thought that Trump is “doing exactly what he says he’s going to do”. Dressed in a brown sweater and worn Washington Nationals baseball cap, Russell said he voted for Republicans “most of the time”. He added while he tries to vote for “the best candidate … it seems most of the time the Republican has been the qualified candidate”. However, Russell would only grade Trump as getting a B for so far for his presidency. “B would be good,” he said. “He chose good people on his cabinet and most of the business people down here feel good for that.”
Separated from Winchester by over 70 miles and the Blue Ridge Mountains, Republicans in the Capitol seemed almost perfectly in tune with their voters. Congressman Chris Collins, an early Trump endorser from upstate New York, rated the new president as “a 10 out of 10, no two ways about it”. Collins particularly praised Trump’s joint address to Congress as “a remarkable speech … prepared and executed brilliantly”. He added his hope that it’s “a great sign of things to come”.
Trent Franks of Arizona, an arch-conservative who had long been skeptical of Trump during the primary, described himself as “really blissfully surprised and encouraged at the direction that he is taking the country”. The Freedom Caucus member expressed his hope that Trump continues to move in the same direction and noted “every time I see him make a change, it seems like it is in an even better direction, and I say that in a very complimentary way”.
However, some elected representatives were able to keep some level of detachment. California Republican Darrell Issa, who originally supported Marco Rubio in the primary, but served as a Trump delegate at the convention in Cleveland, smiled when asked how the president was doing so far. “Well-honed machine, whatever the term, finely tuned,” Issa said with a smile, referencing Trump’s comments that this administration was functioning like a “finely tuned machine”. Speaking the day after Trump’s joint address to Congress, Issa made clear to reporters, “Remember, I smiled on that one.”
Issa went on to argue that Trump was doing well under the circumstances with an administration still missing many key appointees. “When he has a full White House and full cabinet and subcabinet I expect more,” said Issa. “Right now he deserves credit for keeping the promises he can keep or at least attempting to in the first 30 days.”
The question, though, is what Trump can do once he has more time? Not only is the incessant drip of revelations about his campaign’s ties to Russia causing damage, but the lack of clear progress on key issues like Obamacare and tax reform on Capitol Hill is also unsettling some in the party. As Collins told the Guardian, Trump must make the case and drive the agenda: “We need the bully pulpit and we need the president.” But, as much as presidential leadership is needed, it is clear both Republican politicians and voters are ready and willing to give Trump time to provide it.



ARTICLE
Some of Silicon Valley’s most prominent technology companies, including Alphabet (Google), Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, Uber and Stripe, have co-authored a draft letter formally opposing Donald Trump’s executive order on immigration, arguing that “a blanket suspension is not the right approach”.
The executive order, released on 27 January, temporarily banned people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States, including Syrian refugees and people who had been approved for a visa. The move caused chaos at airports across the country, and left many tech workers unable to travel for fear of having their visas revoked.
Since then, many technology company executives have individually condemned the travel ban and Amazon has pledged legal support to action against Trump.
The letter is the first coordinated push from large US businesses to oppose Trump’s travel restrictions.
According to a draft shared with Recode, the letter highlights the importance of immigration to entrepreneurship and corporate America.
“As entrepreneurs and business leaders, our ability to grow our companies and create jobs depends on the contributions of immigrants from all backgrounds.”
“We share your goal of ensuring that our immigration system meets today’s security needs and keeps our country safe. We are concerned, however, that your recent executive order will affect many visa holders who work hard here in the United States and contribute to our country’s success. In a global economy, it is critical that we continue to attract the best and brightest from around the world.”
Technology companies recruit heavily from overseas and have been lobbying for an increase in the allocation of visas such as H-1B for several years.
However, civil rights groups are encouraged by the letter’s condemnation of the “blanket suspension of admissions” of refugees and the calls for Trump to support the legal status of 750,000 Dreamers – undocumented young immigrants who were protected under Barack Obama’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (Daca) policy.
“I think it’s a very positive and encouraging development insofar as it goes beyond the specific concerns about hi-tech employment and includes a statement about compassion for refugees,” said Ben Wizner of the American Civil Liberties Union. “Pushing back against these policies will require a strategy in the streets but also in the boardrooms.”
Many individuals from the same companies have provided financial support to civil society groups like the ACLU, he said.
“It’s about time that technology companies and business leaders speak out in a united front against Trump,” said Reem Suleiman, a campaigner with SumOfUs. “But it’s just the start. These companies need to follow up with action if they are going to change policy.”
One example of action business leaders could take is to lobby for the rights of refugees in the same way they lobby for more visas for highly skilled employees.
“These companies have lobbied on issues relating to their bottom line. It would be a truly significant development if these companies dedicated some of their lobbying resources towards promoting human rights,” said Wizner.
“These corporations have a lot of sway with political leaders because they make significant campaign contributions.”



ARTICLE
As Donald Trump was hitting his stride at his White House press conference this week, doing what he does best – denigrating journalists, spreading falsehoods about his electoral victory, offering science lessons on the uses of uranium – text messages started pinging on the cellphones of news anchors sitting in the front row.
“He should do this with a therapist, not on live TV,” one text reportedly said. It came from an interesting source: a Republican US senator.
It is one month into the Trump administration and all of Washington, most of the United States, and sizable chunks of the globe are transfixed by the new White House incumbent. While his supporters remain ecstatic about his entirely unorthodox approach to the most powerful job on Earth, millions of others – among them, it seems, Republican senators – are scratching their own heads and wondering how to understand what is going on inside his.
The good news is that help is at hand, from an unexpected quarter. Roger Stone, a longtime confidant and adviser to Trump whose dealings with the New York real estate mogul stretch back almost 40 years, has written a new book that gives fascinating insights into the mindset of the man now nominally leading the free world.
The Making of the President is billed as an in-depth examination of how Trump, whom Stone calls the “greatest salesman in US history”, came to defeat Hillary Clinton in 2016. Stone played a hand in that – he was there at the birth of Trump’s campaign as a senior adviser but was forced out, having clashed with other key members of the team. 
Among the revelations in the book is the fact that Trump quietly trademarked his catchphrase “Make America great again” within days of Mitt Romney being defeated by Barack Obama in the 2012 race. But its most enlightening quality is what it tells us about the contorted, volatile psyche of its author – and by extension, of his friend Donald Trump.
It’s fair to connect the mindsets of the duo because Trump and Stone have for so long had so much in common: they both have an obsession with presidential politics that goes back to Richard Nixon, for whom Stone worked in the White House; they both have an intense fondness for conspiracy theories, most notably the “birther” lie that Barack Obama was born in Africa, of which they were leading proponents; and they both, as we shall see, have a very loose attachment to the truth. 
In an interview with the Guardian around the publication of his book, Stone gave a peek into his thinking that in turn goes some way to explain the baffling worldview of the 45th president of the United States. The lobbyist revealed the dystopian universe he inhabits in which people can choose the truth to which they subscribe.
Stone began by discussing how Trump courted a plethora of new rightwing websites such as Breitbart and Infowars during the election campaign as a way of bypassing mainstream media and reaching out to a previously untapped audience of disgruntled white working-class voters. “This is the election in which the tipping point was reached,” he said. “The pendulum swung away from the mainstream media, which lost their hammer-lock monopoly on the dissemination of political information.”
He went on: “Now you have a whole constituency of alternative media out there for Trump to appeal to. He very skillfully worked with that alternative media.”
It’s hard to disagree with that analysis. But the conversation got weirder when the Guardian asked Stone about the potential downside of the rise of “alternative” news.
Isn’t there a danger that information becomes entirely partisan – with half the country drawing its knowledge from rightwing websites and the other half from more liberal outlets? In that case, aren’t we all left at sea, not knowing what is true and what is false? 
“I disagree,” he said. “At least people now have a choice. They can believe one outlet or the other outlet. Under the old system, they are only fed one truth, there was no alternative presented. When you have NBC, ABC and CBS moving in lockstep, then if they said something didn’t happen, it didn’t happen.”
So there can be a choice over the truth? Yes, he said. 
Take JFK. “There used to be only one version – the government’s version – about the assassination of President Kennedy: Lee Harvey Oswald killed him acting alone. There was no argument over that until the internet got into full swing. Today, a majority of Americans do not believe Oswald killed Kennedy acting alone – it’s amazing, the people have come to what I believe to be the correct conclusion. Without an alternative media today, you wouldn’t even have this debate.”
You can choose your truth. Those five words help understand some of the more bamboozling aspects of Trump’s press conference this week. 
You can choose the truth as told by the mainstream media that Trump won the 2016 election by a slimmer electoral college margin than Obama or Bill Clinton, which happens to be true, or you can choose the truth spoken by Trump on Thursday that he had enjoyed “the biggest electoral college win since Ronald Reagan”, which happens to be false. Take your pick.
Stone’s own complicated relationship with the truth stretches back decades, running parallel to his friendship with Trump. In the 1970s he was part of a group of advisers around Nixon, his lifetime hero whose face he has tattooed across his back. The Nixon acolytes called themselves “ratfuckers” in a self-congratulatory reference to their proficiency at the darker arts of politics. 
Stone said he had never applied that label to himself, implying that he dislikes the expression. “Ted Cruz called me that, but that motherfucker should just look in the mirror. If you want to see sleaze, just look in the mirror.” 
He also bridles slightly at the mention of the other phrase that is frequently applied to him – dirty trickster. “One man’s dirty trick is another man’s civic participation,” he quips, before launching into a defense of his notion of politics as a tough, violent affair.
“Politics is not beanbag. This is a contact sport, always has been, always will be. It was alleged that Martin Van Buren dressed up in women’s clothes, that Abraham Lincoln fathered mulatto children – this is part and parcel of American politics.”
But it would be hard not to conclude that “dirty trickster” is a fair label to pin on a man who firmed up his reputation for hardball tactics working on Ronald Reagan’s presidential campaigns, had a hand in the prostitute-laden downfall of the former New York governor Eliot Spitzer and consulted for a number of controversial foreign clients, including the president of the Philippines, Ferdinand Marcos. Toward the end of the 2016 presidential race, he launched an initiative to protect against voter fraud that was widely denounced as a form of voter intimidation. In his book, he also boasts of having conceived the idea of campaign T-shirts to be sold at Trump rallies modeled on the legendary Obama “Hope” design, with the image of Obama replaced by Bill Clinton and the word “Hope” exchanged for “Rape”.
When you combine Stone’s reputation for dirty tricks with his belief that we have a “choice” over truth, it gets rather slippery. How is one to know whether he adheres to a position because it is his “alternative” truth, or because it suits his purposes, or both?
When he issues the Guardian with a resounding denial that he had anything to do with links with the Russian government at a time when the Kremlin was busy meddling in the election race in favor of Trump, is that true, his choice of truth, or a convenient spin? Or all three? How are we meant to distinguish between them, having been drawn into his dystopian world of competing realities?
“I can speak for myself,” Stone said, having been named by the New York Times this week as one of four Trump associates who have been investigated by the FBI over possible contact during the election with Russian officials. “There was no collusion; I have had no connection with the Russians. If the government has evidence that I was colluding with the Russians in Donald Trump’s campaign, they should indict me immediately.”
The Making of the President is packed with vivid and often offensive conspiracy theories. Not content with having played a part in the defeat of Hillary Clinton, Stone has to kick her when she’s down. She is suffering from Parkinson’s disease and dementia, he informs the reader. Bill Clinton fathered a son by an African American prostitute. The protests at Trump events both before and after the election were organized and funded by that favorite hate figure of the right, the financier George Soros. The former head of the CIA, whom he blames for putting out a false story about Russian hacking in the election, is a Muslim and a Saudi spy.
Stone draws liberally from the far-right outlets that he praises as having finally provided the American people with a “choice” over the truth. He cites without qualification the notorious conspiracy theorist Jerome Corsi and rightwing provocateur Daniel Horowitz.
He also leans heavily on Infowars, the website and show on which Trump has controversially appeared. Infowars’ host, Alex Jones, whom Trump has lauded for his “amazing reputation”, is responsible for spreading some of the most loathsome conspiracy theories invented, such as the line that 9/11 was an inside job or the story that the Sandy Hook massacre, in which 20 six and seven-year-old children were brutally gunned down, was a hoax.
“Alex Jones is reaching four times the number of people reached by Fox,” Stone said. “It’s a sizable outlet. I don’t think you have to agree with everything said by Alex Jones to be interviewed by him.”
As for the mainstream media, he is magnanimous enough to say that it is not “monolithically dishonest – there are honest reporters just trying to do their jobs. But there are some in the mainstream media who are hopelessly biased and some pushing fake news.”
He goes on, warming to his theme: “Breitbart News is doing better investigative reporting than the Washington Post. Just because a news outlet has a blue-chip name does not mean they are still doing exemplary journalism.”
The Washington Post, of course, is the paper that brought down his hero by exposing Watergate. Now it is at the forefront of exposing the Russian contacts, conflicts of interest and taxpayer expense of Trump’s White House. 
But there’s a difference between the Post of the 1970s and the Post of today, at least in the strange worldview of Roger Stone and Donald Trump. There was no resisting the truth of Watergate. But this time around, truth is a matter of choice.



ARTICLE
Emissaries for Donald Trump have told Republicans that the president was done negotiating over healthcare legislation and that the House of Representatives must vote on the current bill Friday or he would leave the Affordable Care Act in place.
White House budget director Mick Mulvaney reportedly told a conference of House Republicans: either vote or lose your chance to replace the healthcare law.
For their part, the Republican leadership announced a series of votes for Friday, including one on an amendment to repeal essential health benefits in Barack Obama’s signature law. 
A vote on the full bill was planned for later on Friday, after a vote initially planned for Thursday was delayed, in spite of the fact that it was extremely unclear late Thursday whether the Republican leadership, or the president, had persuaded enough wary members to back the bill to ensure its passage.
The insistence on a vote, whatever the whip count, set up a potentially dramatic defeat for House speaker Paul Ryan and – depending on how voters end up viewing the proceedings – the president himself, after years of Republican promises to “repeal and replace” the Affordable Care Act (ACA), also known as Obamacare.
However, multiple House members have switched positions in recent days on the bill, which itself has evolved, and there was still a chance that the legislation was headed for an extremely narrow passage. If the bill clears the House it would then proceed to the Senate, where further changes have been promised.
Earlier on Thursday, members of both the hard-right Freedom Caucus and the moderate Tuesday Group went to the White House as Trump tried to personally persuade them to back the plan introduced by Ryan.
Moderates objected to last-minute legislative additions that rolled back Medicaid and were even more suspicious of the Freedom Caucus’s push to get rid of so-called essential benefits, that require insurance to cover benefits such as maternity and mental health care. 
By contrast, conservatives objected to any legislation that didn’t repeal all regulations in the landmark health insurance reform of 2010. 
That left Republicans who campaigned to “repeal and replace” Obamacare, but never reached a consensus about the phrase’s meaning, deadlocked.
As the far-right Freedom Caucus and the center-right Tuesday Group tried to set up a meeting for Thursday night, text of an amendment emerged summarizing the Freedom Caucus demands. Among them: repealing the essential health benefits in the Obama law; reversing a ban on lifetime or annual coverage caps; and erasing rules to limit out-of-pocket-costs for preventive care such as mammograms.
The White House threw its top political talent into the fray, sending the people who four months ago won the big election – chief strategist Steve Bannon; presidential counselor Kellyanne Conway; White House chief of staff Reince Priebus; and unknown others – to a different meeting of House Republicans on Thursday night. 
The president, who prides himself on being the ultimate deal-maker, put himself at the heart of the effort to get the bill passed, travelling to Capitol Hill to meet with reluctant lawmakers, hosting talks at the White House and staging a rally in Kentucky, home state of Senator Rand Paul, a key Republican opponent on the measure. 
Republicans had hoped to pass the bill on the seventh anniversary of Obama signing the ACA, which allowed for the greatest expansion of healthcare coverage in more than a generation. Obama, on Thursday, urged lawmakers to work together to “make our healthcare system better, not worse for hardworking Americans”, in one of his most significant interventions in US politics since leaving office.
The Republican plan, known as the American Health Care Act, ends ACA taxes, eliminates the requirement that all Americans have insurance and dramatically cuts Medicaid, the healthcare program for low-income Americans. Instead of subsidies, the plan would offer tax credits to help people purchase health insurance.
A new Quinnipiac University poll showed that Americans disapprove of the healthcare overhaul by a margin of 56% to 17% – with support among Republicans hovering at just 41%. The same poll showed 20% felt the ACA should be repealed in total and 50% in part.
“Do I think it gives the president a loss?” asked Mark Meadows, the chairman of the Freedom Caucus. “Absolutely not. We are going to get to the finish line.”
The North Carolina representative gave credit to Trump for progress. “We are hopeful as we start to make progress in these negotiations with some of the things the White House shared with us,” said Meadows. “We would not be where we are today in even considering this if it had not been for President Trump’s personal involvement ... He’s moved this a very long way. Not only for House Freedom Caucus but for other members.”
He said that the vote on Thursday night had been an artificial deadline and more time was needed because, “we believe some of the things we are being asked to consider are not in enough of a form to make a good informed decision on”. But he insisted that a vote would happen because repealing the ACA was something that he, the Freedom Caucus and the president had all campaigned on.
Other Freedom Caucus members were also optimistic a deal would be reached. Scott Perry of Pennsylvania told reporters: “I think a lot of us are going to get yes, we just gotta keep working through it.” He noted his fellow conservatives “have been been negotiating with administration and leadership the whole time. Obviously, sometimes it takes a little bit longer to get there.”
Andy Harris of Maryland said the Freedom Caucus had rejected the administration’s offer to remove the requirement that the healthcare plan include the 10 essential benefits without meeting other conservative demands, including getting rid of the ban on insurance companies denying coverage for lifetime limits. 
He said “we want to get to yes”, but added that the Freedom Caucus was now waiting for another counter-offer and felt no pressure to moderate their demands. “We are not in the position to offer a legislative solution,” said Harris. “The people who are in the position are the administration and the leadership.”
It did not appear that the bill was improving. The Congressional Budget Office released an appraisal late Thursday that said the amended bill would cost more while doing nothing to save any of the 24 million people estimated to be ejected from health coverage over the network under the original version of the legislation.
On Thursday afternoon, Trump, seemingly oblivious to the announcement of the vote delay,  met with a delegation of truckers at the White House, jumping into the cab of an 18-wheeler to pose for photographs, and telling them the vote was pressing ahead that night. “We have a great bill, and I think we have a very good chance,” he said, adding: “Obamacare has inflicted great pain on American truckers. Many of you were forced to buy heath insurance on the Obamacare exchanges. You experienced a crippling rise in premiums, and a dramatic loss in options.”



ARTICLE
The University of California, Berkeley, has announced it has found a new “protectable venue” for the controversial rightwing speaker Ann Coulter, after initially canceling the event over security fears.
At a press conference on Thursday afternoon, the university’s chancellor, Nicholas Dirks, said that the school could host Coulter in May at the “protectable venue”.
A university spokesman, Dan Mogulof, said the venue would be on campus, though Dirks said the university would disclose the exact location at a later point. The university had drawn criticism from prominent figures on both the right and left for the cancellation, which was described as an abridgment of free speech. 
“The concern is really around student safety and security,” said Dirks, “regardless of the political views of the speakers.”
Dirks added that police have “very specific intelligence regarding threats that could pose a grave danger to the speaker”, her audience and protesters. He urged Coulter to come speak at a later date, suggesting 2 May, and said that the school has “an unwavering commitment” to free speech rights.
“We also have an unwavering commitment to providing for the safety and well-being of speakers who come to campus, our students and other members of our campus and surrounding communities,” he added. “While there may at times be a tension between these two paired commitments, we cannot compromise on either.”
Coulter had originally planned to speak at the school on 27 April, but on Tuesday the vice-chancellor, Scott Biddy, sent a letter to the university’s College Republicans saying that police could not ensure her safety, nor that of audience members, protesters or students.
On Wednesday, Coulter vowed to speak in Berkeley regardless of the university’s decision, telling Fox News: “What are they going to do? Arrest me? I’m definitely giving the speech.”
The town of Berkeley, famous for its liberal history, has become the center of repeated clashes between far-right figures and leftwing protesters in the last few months. In February, a speech by the former Breitbart writer and provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos was canceled after protesters stormed campus, setting fires and vandalizing a few nearby banks. In March, violence broke out between protesters and supporters of Donald Trump, and police eventually arrested 10 people involved.
Last Saturday, more than 20 people were arrested after hours of clashes and brawls between anti-Trump protesters and Trump supporters, who had planned a “free speech rally” in the center of Berkeley. Celebrities of the so-called “alt-right” spoke at the rally, including several who had encouraged supporters to defend themselves.
At each of the clashes, members of militant groups of diverse political stripes, including the anti-government Oathkeepers, the anarchist Black Bloc, and the far-right Proud Boys, have come prepared with bats, pepper spray, fireworks and other armaments. Town police largely stood away from the scuffles last weekend, drawing criticism, but the department said that it had taken extensive photos and video and was using that material to find suspects.
“Our job is to stabilize the situation,” said Capt Alex Yao of the university police department on Thursday, “and to minimize chaos, and not contribute to it”.



ARTICLE
The fight over immigration on Capitol Hill may no longer just be about illegal immigration.
A bill introduced by senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue on Tuesday would halve the number of legal immigrants to the United States within a decade, marking a new battlefront on migration policy in the US.
It represents the latest effort by the populist wing of the Republican party associated with Donald Trump’s ideology to move the GOP away from the concerns of business groups. 
The Reforming American Immigration for Strong Employment, or Raise Act, would alter the US immigration system to significantly reduce the number of foreigners admitted to the country without a skills-based visa. It would end green card preferences for the adult parents, siblings or children of US citizens. Instead, the preferences would only be retained for spouses and minor children.
The legislation would also eliminate the diversity visa lottery, which currently allocates 50,000 visas to residents of countries that do not currently send a significant number of immigrants to the United States, and would cap the number of refugees offered permanent residence in the country at 50,000 annually.
In an estimate presented by Cotton, this bill would reduce overall immigration to 539,958 a year in one decade, almost half the total of 1,051,031 admitted in 2015. 
Cotton argued that the growth in legal immigration in recent decades had led to a “sharp decline in wages for working Americans” and that his bill represented an effort to move the United States “to a more merit-based system like Canada and Australia”.
But Senator Jeanne Shaheen, a Democrat from New Hampshire, said the bill “sends a terrible message to the rest of the world and is unquestionably a job killer”.
“As a nation of immigrants, this bill runs counter to our values,” Shaheen said in a statement. “The facts are clear: immigrants contribute greatly to our country’s entrepreneurial spirit, spurring job growth in New Hampshire and across the country. Cutting successful visa programs and needlessly separating immigrant families is just wrong and senseless.” 
Although the White House has not weighed in on the legislation, Cotton told reporters that he had discussed the bill with Trump as “a concept” and that Trump “strongly supports the broad concept of moving our legal immigration system towards a merit-based system”.
Cotton argued that his legislation represented a return to historic norms in immigration but strongly criticized the comparisons to the immigration policy of 1924-1965, which kept many people from entering the country. The Arkansas Republican said the policy then was “too restrictive”, particularly toward refugees in the 1930s and 1940s. However, Cotton argued this was a byproduct of how long it took Congress to address “the very real concerns of the American people” during the great wave of migration from the 1880s to 1924. He said his legislation was designed to “start getting a handle on legal immigration”.
He dismissed concerns about limiting family migration to the United States and argued that concern families would be separated under the new law “looks at it the wrong way. What’s good for the foreigner, not what’s good for the American citizen.” Cotton added: “I feel for my fellow man but serve my fellow citizen.”



ARTICLE
Senator John McCain has warned that suppression of a free press is “how dictators get started”, criticizing Donald Trump’s continued declarations that newspapers and news networks are “the enemy of the American people”.
“I hate the press,” McCain told NBC’s Meet the Press in an interview, taped at a security conference with European leaders in Munich.. “But the fact is we need you. We need a free press. We must have it.”
“I’m very serious now, if you want to preserve democracy as we know it, you have to have a free and many times adversarial press,” he continued. “Without it, I am afraid that we would lose so much of our individual liberties over time. That’s how dictators get started.”
The Republican party’s presidential nominee in 2008, McCain has repeatedly criticized Trump’s ideas as a candidate and now as president. The interview, broadcast Sunday, was taped not long after the president tweeted on Friday night that he considered the media “the enemy of the American people”. 
On Saturday, Trump went further at a campaign-style rally in Melbourne, Florida. “When the media lies to people, I will never, ever let them get away with it,” he told fans. 
A day later, Trump’s chief of staff, Reince Priebus, told CBS’s Face the Nation that “you should take it seriously” when Trump threatens the media. Priebus called recent news stories about the Trump campaign’s alleged links to Russia “inaccurate, overstated” and “total garbage”, but he did not specify what he disputed in the articles.
Pressed on the question, Priebus said his issue was with leaks from government agencies. “I think that the media should stop with this unnamed source stuff, put names on a piece of paper and print it,” he said. “If people aren’t willing to put their name next to a quote, then the quote shouldn’t be listed.”
Priebus later changed his approach, telling NBC that Trump does not dispute the role journalists play in the US. “He believes in the free press, the first amendment.”
Also on Saturday, the progressive senator Bernie Sanders warned: “According to Trump, if you want the truth, ignore everything except what he is saying. That’s what totalitarianism is all about.”
In the interview, McCain said he was not alluding to any one remark, but rather a pattern of authoritarian leaders who quickly attempted “a consolidation of power”.
“When you look at history, the first thing that dictators do is shut down the press,” he said. “And I’m not saying that President Trump is trying to be a dictator. I’m just saying we need to learn the lessons of history.”
McCain withdrew his endorsement from Trump late in the 2016 campaign, after a 2005 video emerged in which the businessman bragged about groping women and several women accused him of aggressive advances without consent. The senator first clashed with Trump in 2015, when the former reality TV show star dismissed McCain’s service in Vietnam, saying he was not a war hero. “I like people who weren’t captured,” Trump said.
The senator has since criticized Trump’s restrictions on travel from seven Muslim-majority nations and urged a bipartisan select committee to investigate the alleged links between Trump’s campaign and powerful officials in Russia. in the interview, McCain said he worried “about the president’s understanding of some of these issues and his contradictory articulations”.
Asked whether the Republican leadership in Congress would allow a fair and thorough investigation of a president in their party, McCain was equivocal. “I hope so. And I have to believe so,” he said. “More hope than belief.”
McCain has voted to confirm all of Trump’s cabinet nominations except one, the Office of Management and Budget director, Mick Mulvaney, because of a disagreement over cuts to the Pentagon’s budget. In the interview, he similarly suggested he was willing to give the president leeway within Congress’ rights to reject nominees and control the White House’s purse.
 “I think we should give the president the benefit of the doubt,” he said. “But at the same time, we have our responsibilities of advise and consent.” 



ARTICLE
Joe Biden believes he could have won the presidency in 2016, had he made it through a tough Democratic primary.
Barack Obama’s vice-president also hopes Donald Trump, who has had a tempestuous first two months in office since beating Hillary Clinton in the presidential election, “grows into the job a little bit”.
“I don’t have a lot of hope now,” Biden said. “I hope that he succeeds.”
The former Delaware senator with a dazzling smile was speaking to a student audience at Colgate University in central New York state on Friday. A local newspaper, the Observer-Dispatch of Utica, reported his remarks.
“On a college campus I will never, never do anything other than answer the question completely unvarnished and straightforward,” said Biden, 74. 
“The answer is that I had planned on running for president. And although it would have been a very difficult primary, I think I could have won.”
Biden had “a lot of data collected” which backed his confidence, the paper reported.
In October 2015, after much press speculation and an organised attempt among activists to draft Biden, the vice-president announced that he would not run for the White House for a third time, after short runs in 1988 and 2008. 
In an emotional speech delivered in the White House rose garden, with Obama and his wife, Dr Jill Biden, at his side, Biden said the “grieving process” for his son Beau, who died of brain cancer in May 2015, had affected his decision.
At Colgate, Biden said: “At the end of the day, I just couldn’t do it. So I don’t regret not running. Do I regret not being president? Yes.”
He added: “I didn’t run because no man or woman should announce they’re running for president of the United States unless they can look the public in the eye and promise you they can give you 100% of [their] attention and dedication to this effort. I couldn’t do that.”
Clinton, who defeated a strong primary challenge from the Vermont senator Bernie Sanders, beat Trump by nearly 3m ballots in the popular vote but lost in the electoral college, after a string of working-class states usually strongly Democratic plumped for Trump’s populist platform.
“I don’t regret not running in the sense that it was the right decision for my boy, for me, for my family at the time,” Biden said. 
“But no man or woman announces for president of the United States unless they honestly believe that from their experience they’re the best-qualified person to do that. And at the time I thought that the circumstances were such that I was the best qualified.”
Biden’s question and answer session with students followed a 30-minute lecture about technology, taxation, education, infrastructure investment and what Biden called “the fourth industrial revolution”.
“To all of you students assembled in this auditorium, we’re counting on you,” he said. “You understand this better than most of us.”
The Observer-Dispatch highlighted what it said was Biden’s likely bipartisan and multigenerational appeal, quoting the husband of a local Republican couple in their 60s who said he thought Biden was “an extremely intelligent person”.
“I think if he had run,” the husband said, “I would have liked to have heard what he had to say.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump is due to sign off a volley of executive orders on national security, including measures to start the construction of a wall on the Mexican border and the imposition of a ban on refugees from the Middle East.
The new US president is expected to sign orders setting out federal funding for the wall during a visit to the Department of Homeland Security on Wednesday, two administration officials told the Associated Press.
He will also impose a temporary ban on most refugees and suspend visas for citizens of Syria and six other Middle Eastern and African countries, congressional aides and immigration experts briefed on the measures told Reuters. 
According to a report in the New York Times, Trump is also considering measures that are even more contentious, including reviewing whether to resume the once-secret “black site” detention programme, designating the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organisation, and keeping open the Guantánamo Bay detention centre. 
Trump appeared to preview the measures in a characteristic tweet late on Tuesday that said: “Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!”
Trump has used executive orders as a very public show of swiftly undoing the work of the Obama administration and beginning to honour pledges made on the campaign trail. On Tuesday, he angered Native Americans and climate change activists by signing executive orders to allow construction of the Dakota Access and Keystone XL oil pipelines. On Monday, he reinstated the “global gag rule”, which bans funding for groups that offer abortions or abortion advocacy, even if they use their own funds to do so.
His latest orders are expected to involve restricting access to the US for refugees and some visa holders from Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen, said the aides and experts. By doing so, he looks likely to ignore Bana al-Abed, the seven-year-old girl whose tweets from Aleppo drew attention to the city’s devastation, who has urged Trump to “do something for the children of Syria” in an open letter.
James Carafano, who led the Trump’s homeland security transition team, insisted that the planned visa restrictions were “prudent”.
Speaking on BBC Radio 4’s Today programme, he said: “We have seen legitimate cases of transnational terrorism of people travelling from one country to another to do terrorist acts. We have actually seen a number of them in western Europe, so a country putting in place prudent measures to interdict terrorist travel by making sure you are screening refugees and visa applicants appropriately is not in any way imprudent. And dealing with that while you’re also dealing with trying to prevent homegrown terrorist attacks at the same time to me just sounds like reasonable responsible national security. 
“It doesn’t seem like an effort to persecute any religion or any particular people.”
Carafano conceded that the wall on the Mexico border would initially have to be paid for by the US government. “If the federal government buys a tank the only way it can do that is with federal dollar,” he said.
The restrictions on refugees are likely to include bans for several months on admissions from all countries until the state and homeland security departments can make the vetting process more rigorous. The US already has one of the most rigorous vetting processes in the world, and it can take up to two years of interviews and background checks for a person to gain admittance.
There is also likely to be an exception for those fleeing religious persecution if their religion is a minority in their country, a person briefed on the proposal told Reuters. That exception could cover Christians fleeing Muslim-majority nations.
Trump initially proposed a “complete and total” ban on Muslims entering the US, but has since said he would instead focus on restrictions on countries whose migrants could pose a threat.
Detractors could launch legal challenges to the moves if all the countries subject to the ban are Muslim-majority nations, said Hiroshi Motomura, of the UCLA School of Law. Legal arguments could claim the executive orders discriminate against a particular religion, which would be unconstitutional, he said. 
“His comments during the campaign and a number of people on his team focused very much on religion as the target,” Motomura said. 
To block entry from the designated countries, Trump is likely to instruct the state department to stop issuing visas to people from those nations, according to sources familiar with the visa process. He could also instruct Customs and Border Protection to stop any current visa holders from those countries from entering the US. During the campaign, Trump also floated the idea of a religious registry, a plan that would be likely to face challenges in the courts. 
The White House spokesman, Sean Spicer, said on Tuesday that the state and homeland security departments would work on the vetting process once Trump’s nominee to head the state department, Rex Tillerson, is confirmed.
Other measures may include directing all agencies to finish work on a biometric identification system for non-citizens entering and exiting the US and a crackdown on immigrants fraudulently receiving government benefits, according to the congressional aides and immigration experts.
The Associated Press and Reuters contributed to this report



ARTICLE
The Trump era was only two weeks old when Steve Bannon was elevated to the cover of Time magazine, lauded as the Great Manipulator and second most powerful man in the world.
By the administration’s 82nd day, the former investment banker and provocative CEO of the rightwing website Breitbart, was facing another momentous headline, based on a New York Post interview, where his boss, Donald Trump, said: “I like Steve, but...”
As Trump seems to have gained energy – and better reviews – from a more interventionist, conventionally Republican approach to foreign policy in Syria and Afghanistan, the Bannon nationalist camp is at bay and its disruptor-in-chief finds himself the focal point of the palace intrigue that invariably swirls around the Trump White House.
Bannon, who serves as Trump’s chief strategist, has long been a flashpoint of controversy, the leader of those in the administration who regard themselves as “nationalists”. The faction, which consists of those in the administration who are hawkish on immigration, protectionist on trade, isolationist on foreign policy and fundamentally contemptuous of the inherited wisdom of the Republican establishment, has been under siege in the White House in recent weeks.
 In the wake of the repeated failure of the Trump administration to implement a travel ban on residents of six Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East and North Africa as well as the rise of the so-called “New Yorkers” within the West Wing, led by former Goldman Sachs chief Gary Cohn, the Bannon group has seen diminished influence in the White House.
Trump’s rebuke this week was most pointed. As the president said of his top aide: “I like Steve, but you have to remember he was not involved in my campaign until very late. I had already beaten all the senators and all the governors, and I didn’t know Steve.”
In addition, Bannon lost his position on the principals committee of the National Security Council last week, a move which is also regarded as clear evidence that his influence in the administration is being reined in. 
But while Bannon has long been a hate figure on the left and members of Congress, including former speaker of the house Nancy Pelosi, have gone so far as to claim that he is a white supremacist, the White House aide has a secure base on the right. He is beloved by the rightwing talk radio base which fueled Trump’s rise and is closely tied to the Mercers, the reclusive billionaires who funded Breitbart and help sustain Trump’s 2016 campaign.
Further, in an administration that sees the growing influence of a faction that detractors call “the West Wing Democrats”, even conservative skeptics value Bannon as an ideological counterbalance.
Matt Schlapp, the head of the American Conservative Union, told the Guardian that while Bannon is certainly not an orthodox conservative “beloved by everyone”, he has still made “a big difference in the conservative movement”. Schlapp, a self described fan of Bannon, described the White House strategist as “a lot of fun to work with”.
“Republicans tend to be by the book and careful and we don’t say things that are too interesting – and he’s just the opposite,” Schlapp said, adding that Bannon “is a bit bombastic, says really interesting things, a lot of emotions, smiles and laughter” as well as some shouting.
The particular shouts that have been getting Bannon in trouble though have been very close to home for the Trump family. Sources have described as growing tensions with Jared Kushner, Trump son-in-law. Kushner, who is married to Ivanka Trump, is one of Trump’s top advisers and nominally is the White House’s point person on a bewildering array of issues, ranging from peace in the Middle East to opiate addiction. 
Kushner and the rest of the Trump family may lack political experience, but they have long been the rare constants within the president’s ever-shifting inner circle. It was due to conflict with Kushner that Corey Lewandowski, Trump’s first campaign manager, was finally sacked in June 2016. 
Yet for all of Bannon’s issues with Kushner – heavily fueled by his allies from outside the administration going after Jared – the real conflict is with Cohn, whom Bannon allies have dubbed “Globalist Gary”, as well as his close ally Dina Powell, a former Goldman employee and veteran of the George W Bush administration who has been closely aligned with Cohn. 
A source noted that this faction had risen in prominence in the White House not because of any faults of Bannon, but because of the perceived weakness of Reince Priebus, Trump’s chief of staff. The result was the view that Trump was leaning on these “West Wing Democrats” for their perceived competence as opposed to any ideological congruence. As the Trump administration has careened from defeat to defeat on its travel ban and attempts to repeal and replace Obamacare, they are “steady hands that he can turn to”.
Although the biggest failure, on the abandoned healthcare legislation, was not Bannon’s fault, the White House adviser does bear blame for the failure of the first travel ban aimed at those Muslim-majority countries, the administration’s opening attempt at a defining move.
Further, Bannon, took some damage from the resignation of national security adviser Mike Flynn in February over his ties to Russia. Flynn, seen as a maverick in security circles, was a Bannon ally in the administration.
However, the pressure is still on Bannon to deliver “wins for the president”. As a result he has been playing a lead in reviving the failed talks over healthcare, in an attempt to use his clout on the right to win over recalcitrant members of the Freedom Caucus who killed off legislation before it was even put to a vote in the House. 
Even the rise of Cohn may not be a lasting impediment to Bannon. While Cohn is, in the words of one former Trump aide, the president’s “new shiny toy”, there was a sense that Cohn faced inherent limits by virtue of his political ideology. 
While no one would ever confuse the Wall Street mogul with Bernie Sanders, he is, as the former Trump aide put it, “a liberal Democrat with liberal Democratic ideas”. The result is that many of his initiatives, including reported interest in a carbon tax in recent weeks, are likely doomed to failure because they are anathema to congressional Republicans.
In the meantime, in a volatile White House, anything can happen. As the Bannon ally noted, the strategist is “not in a good spot but by no means out” of Trump’s frenetic orbit.
But there’s one thing Bannon urgently needs to do. Working for a president obsessed with winning, the strategist needs to be able to point to some successes of his own for the administration.
“Anything can change on a moment’s notice,” the Bannon ally said, “but I think he could turn it around in 72 hours, or be gone in 72 hours. Anything can happen.” 



ARTICLE
When the Mexican foreign minister came to Washington, he went straight to the White House. The Department of State did not even know he was in town until its spokesman was asked about the visit by a journalist.
It was a typical story of foreign relations from the first 50 days of the Trump administration. The Mexican minister, Luis Videgaray, bypassed the state department and went straight to the centre of power and, as has become the norm, to a member of the Trump family, the president’s son-in-law Jared Kushner. 
Videgaray, who arrived in DC on Thursday, and Kushner knew each other in the business world – another thing that is emblematic of the Trump era, in which business networks have vied with national interests and the personal has become geopolitical. 
The rest of the world has been quick to learn. When Benjamin Netanyahu tweeted his thanks for Trump’s “warm friendship and your clear-cut support for Israel” he added Ivanka and Donald Junior’s Twitter handles, emphasising his bond with the family. The prime minister is a longstanding family friend of the Kushners. 
The priority for every ambassador in Washington and every visiting minister is to seek an audience with Kushner or Steve Bannon, Trump’s chief strategist. Some governments – accustomed to dealing with countries where the family tree of the ruling clan is a more accurate map of power than the official chain of command – have sought to curry favour by doing business with the Trump Organization. 
After 50 days, conflicts of interest are no longer scandals, they are already business as usual. The Chinese embassy has played host to Kushner, Ivanka Trump and their children, at a time when the Kushner family business was pursuing property dealings with a major Chinese corporation.
This week, China granted 38 new trademarks to the Trump Organization, paving the way in theory for the family business to enter – or stop others from entering – a wide array of businesses, from insurance to hotels, bodyguards, massage parlours and escort services.
Intellectual property experts were struck by how smoothly the whole process went through the Chinese bureaucracy, and pointed to likely intervention from on high in the Communist party hierarchy. Beijing has bigger fish to fry with the Trump administration. It won an important battle on 9 February when Trump spoke to Xi Jinping and appeared to drop his threat to abandon Washington’s One China policy, which would have meant recognition of Taiwan, a red line for Beijing.
For Russia, the personal approach has backfired badly, as every contact with the Trump camp and any evidence of financial entanglement has become a threat to the president’s legitimacy and his support among congressional Republicans. Trump himself has been forced – for now – to backpedal from earlier suggestions he would lift sanctions, go soft on Moscow’s military intervention in Ukraine and find common cause with Russia in Syria. If, however, Russia’s goal was to destabilise the US political system through its contacts with Trump’s team, it may have been more successful.
The rest of the world has also discovered that many Trump policies that seemed emotive touchstones of his insurgent campaign have been shelved after meeting strong resistance. Moving the US embassy in Israel to Jerusalem and dismantling the nuclear deal with Iran no longer seem quite so urgent. 
An awareness that personal relationships hold more gravity than policy positions has only made it more critical to get access. 
For Theresa May, winning the race to be the first foreign leader to be greeted in the Trump White House was a victory, enhanced by the president’s encouraging (though meaningless in practice) words on future trade relations. The British prime minister also used her time to try to shape the putty of Trump foreign policy, fending off planned sanctions relief for Moscow and getting the president to publicly acknowledge support for Nato.
May has also paid a price, muting long-held UK positions on settlements in the occupied Palestinian territories and abandoning common European positions on the Middle East.
 “This has been a pretty miserable period for British diplomacy,” Richard Gowan, a foreign policy analyst at the European Council on Foreign Relations said. “The UK has consistently appeared excessively keen to curry favor with the US. There is obviously a solid argument for sustaining ties with Washington, but London has looked neither morally nor politically serious in recent months.”
Angela Merkel, who will meet Trump for the first time on Tuesday, has taken a different approach, making herself a bastion of the embattled western liberal order, in the face of cynicism about that ideal from both Moscow and Washington. 
“The Germans view the US now with equal portions of puzzlement and concern,” said Jeffrey Rathke, a senior fellow at the Centre for Strategic and International Studies. He listed Trump’s personal attacks on Merkel for her handling of the refugee crisis and the clear affinity of Bannon and other aides for the European far right. 
“There is lingering doubt over how the US sees European security and whether it sees US and European security as intrinsically linked and interdependent,” Rathke said. 
Foreign leaders have made a point of stressing the messages they wanted to hear – most importantly support for the EU and Nato voiced by Vice-President Mike Pence and the defence secretary, James Mattis – while trying to blot contrary signals coming from the White House. The dominant response, however, given the institution and policy turmoil in Washington, has been one of confusion. 
“Trump makes it most difficult for the most pro-American diplomats, who have identified themselves with the US commitment to western democracy,” said EJ Dionne, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution. “So for them there is a dilemma. They don’t want their countries to pull back from engagement with the US, but they are troubled, or horrified, at what they have here.” 



ARTICLE
During his time as Texas governor, Rick Perry sought to crack down on electoral misconduct despite scant evidence it was a problem.
Now in Washington as Donald Trump’s energy secretary, the former Republican presidential candidate is keeping up his interest in the topic. He has written an article casting doubt on the process that saw Texas A&M University elect its first openly gay student body president amid a controversy over glow sticks.
The US Senate confirmed Perry’s appointment as energy secretary only three weeks ago, but evidently he is not too busy settling into his new job as the custodian of America’s vast stockpile of nuclear weapons that he cannot find the time to opine on student politics at his alma mater.
In an opinion piece published on Wednesday by the Houston Chronicle, Perry writes: “As Texas’ first Aggie governor and as someone who was twice elected Yell Leader” of the university, he is “deeply troubled” by the conduct of its administration and student government association during this month’s election.
Bobby Brooks, an economics junior at the university, was elected after the initial winner, Robert McIntosh, was disqualified following allegations of voter intimidation and a finance reporting failure, according to the campus newspaper The Battalion. The voter intimidation allegations were later dismissed, but McIntosh’s campaign was said not to have provided receipts for multi-coloured glow sticks (like those seen at concerts or raves) used in a promotional video. McIntosh is the son of Alison McIntosh, a Dallas-based Republican fundraiser.
Perry states that he was at first proud of the students for electing an openly gay man, which he saw as “a testament to the Aggie character”.
But, he added, “Brooks’ presidency is being treated as a victory for ‘diversity’. It is difficult to escape the perception that this quest for ‘diversity’ is the real reason the election outcome was overturned.
“Every Aggie ought to ask themselves: How would they act and feel if the victim was different? What if McIntosh had been a minority student instead of a white male? What if Brooks had been the candidate disqualified? Would the administration and the student body have allowed the first gay student body president to be voided for using charity glow sticks? Would the student body have allowed a black student body president to be disqualified on anonymous charges of voter intimidation?
“We all know that the administration, the SGA and student body would not have permitted such a thing to happen. The outcome would have been different if the victim was different.”
Brandon Rottinghaus, a politics professor at the University of Houston, noted the readiness of Trump to express trenchant opinions on all manner of issues, however minor or outside the normal scope of his day-to-day tasks. “There’s a new brand of politics at play. It is a combination of reaction and anger … kind of a shoot-from-the-hip mentality that is really altering the norms,” he said.
“I think it was ill-advised and inelegant for [Perry] to weigh in on this matter,” Rottinghaus added. “It approximates bullying, which is not becoming of a cabinet secretary, especially one whose jurisdiction doesn’t include this in any particular way. That said, it’s clear that he feels passionately about the university and is willing to put his credibility on the line for it … You can take the governor out of Texas but you can’t take Texas out of the governor.”
Amy Smith, a university spokeswoman, did not immediately respond to a request for comment but told the Texas Tribune that “his understanding of the election rules of student body president elections doesn’t reflect the facts … Honestly, we were just surprised to see that the secretary of energy would take the time to weigh in in detail and we respectfully disagree with his assessment of what happened.”
A&M’s large, conservative-leaning campus sits about 100 miles northwest of Houston. Perry graduated in 1972 with a bachelor’s degree in animal science after his proud spell as a “yell leader” – a student who walks the sidelines during university sports events and whips up the crowd.
Perry was Texas governor from 2000-2015 and twice ran for president. His first bid, for 2012, was scuppered when during a debate he forgot the name of a federal agency he wanted to abolish. It was the Department of Energy.



ARTICLE
Thomas Countryman was on his way to Rome for an international meeting on nuclear weapons on Wednesday when he found out he had been summarily removed from his position. The senior diplomat turned around and got on the first flight back to Washington.
It was a sudden and unceremonious end to 35 years as a foreign service officer, the last four months of it as the acting undersecretary for arms control and international security. But Countryman was not alone. The Trump White House carried out an abrupt purge of the state department’s senior leadership last week, removing key officials from posts that are essential to the day-to-day running of the department and US missions abroad.
The purge has left a gaping hole at the heart of US diplomacy: the incoming secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, has yet to be confirmed and the Trump team has not named candidates to fill several levels of leadership under him. Its only nominations so far have been ambassadors to China and Israel. All further nominees to senior posts will take months of security vetting and confirmation.
It is not clear whether Tillerson, a former chief executive of the ExxonMobil oil company, had been informed of the purge. When he does arrive on “Mahogany Row”, he will find a line of empty offices along the wood-panelled seventh floor of the state department, where its leadership works. 
“As a career diplomat, I experienced many transitions and never saw anything like this dangerous purge of public servants now underway at State,” former ambassador Laura Kennedy tweeted.
The motives behind the sudden wave of sackings are unclear. Some of the outgoing diplomats saw it as one more sign of chaos from a new administration that is desperately short of experience. Others saw it as a wrecking operation, aimed at debilitating the state department at a time of upheaval: while the White House planned its ban on entry for people from a list of Muslim countries, and while Trump frames a new foreign policy before Tillerson arrives in his post.
In the past, the state department has been asked to set up early foreign contacts for an incoming administration. This time however it has been bypassed, and Trump’s immediate circle of Steve Bannon, Michael Flynn, son-in-law Jared Kushner and Reince Priebus are making their own calls. The state department was not asked for help arranging Theresa May’s visit, according to a former official.
Countryman’s position was especially sensitive. He was acting as “undersecretary T”, the official required to sign off on US arms sales or security assistance abroad, and the person charged with negotiating, implementing and verifying international arms control agreements and international security.
“The world doesn’t stop turning just because there is a new US administration,” said Joseph Cirincione, president of the Ploughshares Fund, a global security advocacy group. “There is an entire global arms regime to maintain. Without US leadership, decisions won’t get made or will get taken in ways that harm our national security. The machinery is still there [in the state department], but there is no one in the cockpit.”
Among the other top officials to be removed from their positions were Patrick Kennedy, undersecretary for management; Michele Bond, who was in charge of US consuls around the world; Joyce Barr, assistant secretary of state for administration; and Gentry Smith, the head of the office on foreign missions.
David Robinson, the assistant secretary of state for conflict stabilisation operations, also received a letter telling him to pack up his desk and leave, according to Jon Finer, who was John Kerry’s chief of staff.
All were long-serving career officials who had been promoted to high rank equivalent to political appointees. The acting state department spokesman, Mark Toner, pointed out that as political appointees they were routinely expected to submit their resignations.
Although that is true, it is also customary for such officials to stay in positions until their replacements are ready to step in, for the sake of continuity. In this case, there are no replacements on the horizon.
The second fact that distinguishes the Trump purge from previous transitions was the abrupt nature with which it was carried out, giving officials who had dedicated lives to the foreign service just a few days to clear their desks. 
“This is no way to treat people who have served under Democrats and Republicans, who have been unstintingly loyal to their country and their government,” said Nicholas Burns, undersecretary of state for political affairs in the last Bush administration. “They deserve respect for their service to the country, especially in the manner in which they are asked to leave.”
According to state department officials who have just left, those in leadership roles had submitted their formal resignations to the Trump transition team well before the inauguration. But the team appeared to have ignored those letters until Wednesday, when instructions appear to have come from the White House to act on them. 
The transition team Trump has sent to the state department has shown little interest in policy issues. Departments covering large regions of the world say they have had no contact with his representatives.
When Daniel Baer, the former US ambassador to the Organisation of Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) in Vienna, was preparing to leave this month, he offered to visit Washington to brief the transition team. Such briefings are part of an outgoing ambassador’s duties – they are laid out in the state department’s foreign affairs manual – and there were sensitive issues to discuss, including the upcoming renewal of the team monitoring the Ukraine conflict. Baer was told his parting advice would not be required.
“I worry about a know-nothing approach to foreign policy,” he said. “The whole thing can’t be done by shooting from the hip. There is a responsibility you have to the citizens you are governing to make an effort to have the information on which decisions are made. 
“If I were in the transition, I would not want to scatter 60 ambassadors to the winds. I would want to hear what is going on in their regions, I would want to know where the bodies are buried.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump told a room full of state governors on Monday that “nobody knew” replacing the massive Affordable Care Act, which expanded health coverage to 20 million Americans, would prove to be so “complicated”.
Trump reaffirmed his administration’s commitment to repealing and replacing the ACA, better known as Obamacare, and took a jab at new polls that show that its popularity is rising. 
Uncertainty about how Republicans will replace the ACA has unnerved health insurers, hospitals, community clinics, doctors, constituents and even Republican governors. 
“We have come up with a solution that’s really, really, I think, very good,” Trump said. “It’s an unbelievably complex subject. Nobody knew that healthcare could be so complicated.” 
Trump also claimed that Barack Obama’s approval ratings rose only because he was leaving office, a phenomenon he said was also affecting public sentiment about the former president’s signature law.
“I see it happening with Obamacare – they hate it – but now they see the end is coming, and they say, ‘Oh, maybe we love it,’” Trump said. “There’s nothing to love, it’s a disaster, folks.” 
Public approval for the healthcare law reached a new high last week, a Pew Research Center poll showed. The poll found 54% of Americans approved of the law and 43% disapproved, a significant change from a low of 35% approval in 2011, just after the law’s passage.
The ACA expanded public health insurance to millions of poor Americans through Medicaid, established subsidized state marketplaces for health insurance, set out what coverage insurers must offer, and barred insurance companies from excluding the sick from coverage. 
Rising monthly fees in state exchanges have proved a potent problem, however, and Republicans have repeatedly sought to shrink the number of benefits that insurers are required to provide.
Trump’s assertion came before a meeting with health insurance executives and after a weekend of lobbying by Republican governors, some pushing to maintain provisions of the ACA. 
Governor John Kasich of Ohio, one of Trump’s former Republican rivals for the presidential nomination, told the Washington Post he pushed Trump not to cut Medicaid. 
Kasich’s pitch was significantly less drastic than plans being crafted by the House Republican leadership, which would cut Medicaid spending. The public program covers poor Americans and was expanded by the ACA. It now insures millions of constituents of Republican governors. 
Other GOP governors, including Rick Scott of Florida, have advocated a full repeal of the law. Florida refused to expand Medicaid under the ACA, even though the federal government would have paid for the expansion. According to the Kaiser Family Foundation, an expansion would provide insurance to an estimated 279,000 Floridians.
A leaked House Republican ACA replacement plan proposed major changes to Medicaid, including changing the program to a so-called block grant, or a set cash allocations for states that experts agree would amount to a huge cut in spending.
In addition, the leaked Republican plan would limit what services insurers are required to cover; allow insurance companies to charge the elderly five times more than the young; reduce subsidies and distribute them by age (not income); repeal taxes on the pharmaceutical industry; defund Planned Parenthood; and cut billions of dollars in funding for preventative medicine. 
Trump also suggested on Monday that Republicans would benefit from letting the law “implode” and “blame that on the [Democrats]”. He said, however, that the party needed to repeal the ACA in order to achieve “the fair thing for the people”. 
“They will come begging for us to do something, but that’s not the fair thing for the people,” Trump said. 
“As soon as we touch it, if we do the most minute thing, just a tiny little change, they’re going to say it’s the Republicans’ problem. But we have to do something because Obamacare is a failed disaster.” 



ARTICLE
Democrats will on Saturday elect a new leader for the era of Trump, after a months-long contest that has exposed lingering divisions in the party.
Hillary Clinton’s devastating election loss and a surge of liberal activism in response has reshaped what might have been an insiders’ affair into a national competition that observers have cast as a battle for the soul of the party. 
The contest is led by former labor secretary Tom Perez, who backed Clinton and was considered as her running mate, and Minnesota representative Keith Ellison, who supported Vermont senator Bernie Sanders and is the favorite of grassroots activists and progressive groups. 
“Here’s a party hanging in the balance right now,” the New York mayor, Bill de Blasio, who endorsed Ellison, said at a reception for the congressman on Friday night. “Right now – in the next 24 hours – people in this room will decide the fate of the Democratic party. That will decide the fate of our nation. As simple as that.”
At dueling parties on Friday night, the frontrunners urged unity.
“ We’ve got to come out of this thing hands strong,” Ellison said, talking over shouts of “Keith!” “No one benefits from us fighting each other than Trump and those crazy rightwing governors and all the rest of them.”
He added: “But just because I’m asking you to be unified doesn’t mean you can’t be passionate, fighting for your candidate.”
Across the hall, Perez, who is believed to have an edge, predicted Democrats would leave Atlanta as an energized and unified front.
“I am absolutely confident that tomorrow will be unity Saturday,” Perez shouted, his voice hoarse from weeks of campaigning. “A united Democratic party is not only our best weapon, it’s Donald Trump’s worst nightmare.”
Campaign signs cluttered the eighth-floor hallway of the Westin Peachtree Plaza in downtown Atlanta, where the three-day party meeting was being held. Supporters crowded the entrance to the main ballroom, chanting and even singing for their candidate.
Progressive activists and groups have ratcheted up their support for Ellison.
“If Keith doesn’t win tomorrow, I think it is a huge loss for the DNC and the Democratic party,” said Eric Thut, executive director of Netroots Nation, who is not a voting member. “The Democrats have a real opportunity here to tap into the power of the grassroots.”
In a letter, a coalition of progressive organizations argued that Ellison was the only candidate who could bridge the factional divide and fuse an energized activist base and the party establishment.
“The DNC has traditionally operated separate from groups like ours that organize millions of people,” wrote in the the letter that was signed Progressive Change Campaign Committee, MoveOn.org, Democracy for America, 350 Action and Presente Action, in an implicit criticism of Perez.
“If Keith Ellison was chair and proposed partnering on state-level voter registration activities and issue mobilization rallies, we would be eager to engage in that conversation.”
Ellison, the first Muslim member of Congress, has been dogged by criticism from Jewish groups and donors over past support for the Nation of Islam and recently resurfaced comments on Israel. 
The Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer, one of Ellison’s earliest supporters, said in a letter to DNC members that he trusts the congressman on Israel and believes he would combat antisemitism as chair. 
Perez, the son of immigrants from the Dominican Republic, has won support from Latino organizations. 
“The last 18 months have been among the most tumultuous in recent history for immigrants, the Latino community and the nation,” Cristóbal Alex, president of the Latino Victory Fund, wrote in an op-ed published in the Hill on Friday. 
“It is in this desperate time that we need a leader of the Democratic party who can unify, rebuild and fight against Trump.”
In the run-up to Saturday’s vote, Perez and Ellison rolled out dozens of endorsements, with neither campaign yet claiming to have cleared the 224-vote threshold. Last week Perez claimed to have 180 votes, 44 shy of victory. Ellison’s campaign disputed the count. Voting will continue for multiple rounds until one candidate secures the majority of the vote. 
Jaime Harrison, chair of the South Carolina Democratic party who dropped out of the race on Thursday and endorsed Perez, sounded confident that the vote would only take one round. 
“We’re going to be unified and we’re going to get this thing done on the first ballot,” Harrison told supporters on Friday night. 
Other candidates in the race were hoping for deadlock on the first round, to clear a path through the center on a second or third ballot. Pete Buttigieg, the mayor of South Bend, Indiana, offered himself as a “compromise candidate”, someone not closely associated with either wing.
In the event, Buttigieg withdrew from the race before voting began, choosing not to endorse either Perez or Ellison. The mayor, who is believed to have higher political ambitions, told reporters on Friday he had commitments from roughly 30 members, enough to tip the scale for one of the frontrunners on a first ballot. 
“We saw the potential of doing well on multiple ballots but we can do the math,” he said on Saturday. “It is time for this process to move toward a solution that we can all get on board with.” 
Democrats did not expect to hold the contest. If Clinton had won, she would have picked the next chair, as Barack Obama did when he won the presidency in 2008.
On Friday, Clinton surprised Democrats with a recorded video in which she promised to stay active in the party and in the opposition movement to Trump. 
“Let resistance plus persistence equal progress for our party and our country,” Clinton said in the video. “Keep fighting. I’ll be right there with you every step of the way.”
The race for DNC chair evolved into a fully fledged campaign complete with bus tours, signs and pins. At its height, the field of candidates swelled to double digits before winnowing to seven in the days leading up to the vote. 
The candidates participated in four regional “future forums”, a slate of debates and months of meetings with members, backroom deals and politicking. In the end, the roughly 442 voting members – a group of party functionaries, including state party chairs, activists, donors and some elected officials – will decide.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s former national security adviser is under formal investigation by the Pentagon for his apparently undisclosed paid speaking engagements in Russia, it emerged on Thursday.
Retired army lieutenant general Mike Flynn, a former Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) chief, has attracted the official scrutiny for potentially failing “to obtain required approval” for a Moscow speech to RT, a state-controlled news channel that US intelligence considers an arm of Kremlin propaganda.
Acting Pentagon inspector general Glenn Fine disclosed the inquiry in an 11 April letter to the House oversight committee, which is also investigating Flynn. The committee released Fine’s letter on Thursday.
Additionally, newly disclosed DIA documents show that Flynn was warned of “criminal sanctions” in 2014 should he fail to obtain express official approval for accepting money for services rendered to a foreign government.
Just months after Flynn’s 2014 firing from DIA, the intelligence agency’s lawyers informed the retired general of ethics guidelines for his post-government career. 
Among them, a letter dated October 2014 shows, was a warning that Flynn would need “advance approval from the [Army] secretary and the secretary of state before accepting employment, consulting fees, gifts, travel expenses, honoraria or salary from a foreign government.” 
Violations of a host of ethics restrictions, including unapproved foreign compensation, “carry criminal penalties”, the DIA general counsel’s office warned. 
Yet the DIA was unable to find records of Flynn seeking any approval, let alone obtaining it, a 7 April letter from DIA to the oversight committee showed. The committee also released that letter on Thursday.
Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the committee, accused the White House of covering up for Flynn through lack of compliance with the committee’s request for documents pertaining to Flynn’s payments from RT and his then-undisclosed lobbying work for clients tied to the Turkish government. 
“I honestly do not understand why the White House is covering up for Michael Flynn. The president fired him for lying about his communications with the Russian ambassador. They should be bending over backwards to cooperate,” Cummings said at a Thursday press conference.
Flynn’s attorney did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer later shifted the blame to Barack Obama’s administration for granting Flynn security clearance. “Every individual who came into this White House either applied for a security clearance or had one,” he told reporters. “Everyone in the government goes through the same SF-86 process – every single person – and so why would you rerun a background check on someone who was the head of the department of the Defense Intelligence Agency that had and did maintain a high-level security clearance?
“There’s no difference between administrations – when you come in from one they rerun it. The reason they grant them for five years is that it’s a very extensive background, where they check your contacts, your places of residence, your employment. They go out into the field, they do a lot of that work, and then you’re required to maintain updates to that clearance. They re-adjudicate it every five years. That occurred in this case and now the Department of Defense inspector general’s looking into it.”
Spicer said he was “frankly taken aback” by Cummings’ allegations of a cover-up, insisting it was not true and that all relevant documents had been provided. Asked if Trump still believes that Flynn should receive immunity in exchange for his testimony, the press secretary said only: “I have not asked him, but I believe that General Flynn should do what his counsel advises him to do.”
Trump fired Flynn, his major military surrogate on the campaign trail, in February after Flynn ostensibly lied to the vice-president, Mike Pence, over conversations Flynn had with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak concerning easing sanctions on Moscow. The firing after 24 days in office made Flynn the shortest-serving national security adviser in history.
Shortly after his firing, Flynn retroactively registered as a foreign agent with the Department of Justice. He disclosed 2016 lobbying work that “could be construed to have principally benefited the Republic of Turkey” earning him over a half million dollars. Flynn was a Trump campaign surrogate during the August-to-November lifespan of the lobbying work.
In December 2015, Flynn attended and spoke before a gala celebration of RT’s 10th anniversary. He was seated to the right of the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, at the event. Flynn’s Moscow trip has become a subject of myriad investigations into ties between Russia and Trump’s campaign underway in Congress and the FBI.
Asked about the speech in August 2016, Flynn acknowledged it was “paid” but declined to specify the amount. The House oversight committee subsequently obtained and disclosed that he received over $67,000 from Russian firms, including $33,750 for the RT speech.
Through his lawyer, Flynn has offered to testify to the FBI and the House and Senate intelligence committee investigations, but only after obtaining a grant of immunity against subsequent prosecution. Thus far, the congressional committees have denied discussing any such immunity deal.



ARTICLE
It’s mid-morning when Rob Quist slings his guitar across his chest and begins to strum. He’s crossed 175 miles of Montana for his first campaign stop of the day and stands tall, straight-backed and smiling out at a room of backcountry horsemen and women bedecked in cowboy hats and approving nods.
Quist makes a pitch for affordable healthcare as a right of citizenship, offers a passionate defense of public lands – his main issue and a critical topic in the American west – and fields questions about gun rights and his own backcountry adventures. Then, for a few moments, the upstart Democratic congressional candidate reverts to a much more familiar role, a troubadour who has serenaded Montanans for decades, playing to rooms just like this.
“I’ve really been representing Montana through my music and poetry all my life,” he says later when I ask why he’s decided to upend his life as an artist to enter the decidedly more bruising world of politics.
By day’s end, 69-year-old Quist has traversed more than 400 miles and spoken with hundreds of voters, asking each person to tell 10 friends about him and ask those 10 friends to tell 10 more. At each stop, turnout is bigger than expected. 
This is a typical day on the campaign trail with Quist – hundreds of miles and enthusiastic crowds. 
There is a buzz; people know him through his music. The giant, looming unknown is whether grassroots support is big and sustainable enough to carry a progressive Democrat to victory over a wealthy, practiced, Trump-aligned Republican and flip a US House seat that hasn’t gone to a Democrat in 21 years. 
On the day I ride along with Quist’s campaign, the Billings newspaper has published a story detailing his personal financial problems from a few years ago. Following a botched gall bladder surgery, Quist struggled with creditors and tax liens, eventually paying off roughly $25,000.
Quist works the hard times into his personal narrative, telling supporters he wants to create a healthcare system where medical bills won’t ruin lives. In his rallies, there is little interest in pressing him about his finances and more questions about how he’ll preserve public lands and whether he’d support an independent investigation of Trump’s Russia ties (he does).
Quist supported Bernie Sanders, who won Montana’s Democratic primary by seven points. Republican Rick Hill, who held the seat Quist seeks, referred to him in a Facebook post as a “cowboy hat wearing hippie”. Quists laughs about the description and isn’t offended.
“I think the thing I liked about Bernie is he was a man of the people and really connected to grassroots. That’s what I’m all about. The other choices we’re offered are really connected to corporate America, which in a lot of ways has undue influence on the politics of our country,” Quist says. “My goal is to be a strong, independent voice for the people of Montana.”
Rob Quist was raised on a farm and learned to play banjo and guitar in Cut Bank, just south of the Canadian border, on the edge of the Blackfeet Indian Reservation. Cut Bank is conservative, but Quist became politically progressive when he moved to Missoula for college and joined a band. The Mission Mountain Wood Band toured Montana and the region relentlessly, packing in partying crowds for a decade. Quist left the group in the 1980s and formed Rob Quist and Great Northern, another popular band, and continued making a living as a touring musician. 
From that, he’s widely known among people 40 and older. His challenge now is to get his name out to younger voters, while rallying those who know him to get out and vote. But he’s up against a big money blitz, with no backing as yet from the national Democrats.
The Congressional Leadership Fund, a Republican Super Pac, has spent $700,000 on anti-Quist advertising, calling him “out of tune” with Montana. 
In response, Quist challenged his opponent to a banjo duel to see “who’s really out of tune”. Ruth Guerra, spokeswoman for the CLF, said the group wants to guarantee a GOP win and that the lack of national Democratic involvement in the race proves Quist will lose. 
“They don’t see Rob Quist as a strong candidate, or as a candidate who has a chance in the race, so they don’t want to spend a lot of time and money on this race,” she says.
The battle for Montana’s lone seat in the US House of Representatives will be a test of the electorate’s mood in the first months of Donald Trump’s chaotic presidency. Scheduled for 25 May, the special election to replace Republican Representative Ryan Zinke, who was appointed interior secretary, is one of the first contests for federal office since November. 
While the race to fill a US House seat in Georgia, which begins with a primary runoff on 18 April, is getting the most national attention and party money, Montana’s congressional battle is a heated, unusual race between opposites. 
National politicos frequently write Montana off as a red state, but that dismissal belies a fundamental misunderstanding of its history and politics. Yes, voters go for Republicans for president most of the time, but down ballot things get interesting. And there’s some concern that the absence of the national Democratic Party from the race indicates the party still doesn’t get rural America.
“I think this red and blue matter so simplifies people’s collective opinion that it does a disservice to a true understanding of a state’s political preferences,” says retired congressman Pat Williams, the last Democrat to hold the state’s US House seat. “We’re almost always painted red every four years because of the presidential race.” 
“Solely on the issues, Montanans are progressive. They do have this habit of westerners to vote for Republicans for president. However, we generally elect Democrats as our governors and as our senators,” Williams adds. “So all that means we may be purple, but we’re not red.”
Rob Saldin, a political scientist at the University of Montana, has a slightly different analysis. “This is a Republican state – it’s been trending that direction for a long time and now I think it is,” he says. “It’s always been a little different than other Mountain West states, a little more friendly to Democrats, and that’s partly tied up in the labor history.”
With vast open spaces, wildlife and a history of outlaws and vigilantes, Montana is easy to mythologize. Simplistic tropes about grizzly bears and guns miss the mark, yet it’s important to note the state’s voters flaunt an independent streak. 
Trump won the presidential election here by 21 points over Hillary Clinton, but voters re-elected a Democrat as governor the same day. The Republican who lost the governor’s race, wealthy tech entrepreneur and ultra-conservative Greg Gianforte, is up against Quist for Congress. (Gianforte’s campaign did not respond to requests for comment.)
Montana is big and sparsely populated, a million people spread across just under 150,000 square miles – a state slightly larger than the whole of Japan. So ads are an easier means of campaigning with a controlled message than to turn up at town halls, city parks and people’s homes.
Quist ends this day on the trail at a meeting with supporters in Libby, a north-western Montana town so isolated from the rest of the state that its deadly asbestos mine crisis was kept under wraps for decades. Today’s Libby is on the mend, but often forgotten by political candidates. Quist visited Libby when he was beating the bushes to win the Democratic party nomination for this seat – in that race he met with 40 of 56 county party committees.
 Libby is not in a swing county; it tends to vote very Republican, but supporters still think Quist has a chance here.
 “I see him as being the best candidate to cross political party lines,” says Alice Elrod, who is handing out handmade Quist buttons imprinted on to round wood blocks. “People who know him for his music really like him. He’s got a lot of goodwill on his side.”



ARTICLE
The former labor secretary Tom Perez was elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) on Saturday, after a fiercely fought campaign. He will now lead a party still divided after the surprising election of Donald Trump but energized by the liberal backlash to his presidency. 
Perez’s victory in Atlanta saw him make history as the first Latino to lead the party but left progressives who backed his main opponent, US representative Keith Ellison, disappointed. 
When the result of the second ballot was announced, chanting erupted from the back of the hotel ballroom where Ellison’s supporters sat, wearing green shirts and carrying signs that read “unite”. “Not big money, party for the people,” they chanted, drowning out the remarks of the interim chairwoman, Donna Brazile. 
Perez’s supporters, wearing blue, celebrated with a heavy sigh of relief after a dramatic round of balloting. Perez won in the second vote, after missing out by just one vote in the first round of voting.
The threshold for victory in the second round was 218 votes, out of 435 voters. Perez gained 235 to 200 for Ellison. After announcing the result, Brazile presented the gavel to Perez. He presented a motion to name Ellison as deputy chair, which passed unopposed. 
Both men used their remarks after the vote to appeal for party unity, the race for DNC chair having become a symbol of divisions that opened during the 2016 presidential primary between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.
Perez, who served in the Obama administration and was considered as running mate for Clinton, was viewed with suspicion by progressives who believe he represents the so-called establishment. Ellison, the first Muslim member of Congress, is a longtime activist for grassroots causes.
Ellison said: “If we waste even a moment going at it over who supported who”, Democrats would be letting down the American people in their need to “confront Trump and beyond that”.
“We’ve got earnest, sincere work to do under Chairman Perez,” he said, adding: “We don’t have the luxury of walking out of here divided.”
Perez made similar appeals. “I really want to apologize to the media because we did talk about issues,” he said, like Ellison heralding a campaign they said was free of partisan rancor. “We didn’t do any of the other stuff, and that’s what the Democratic party is about.”
In a joint press conference afterward, Perez and Ellison, wearing each other’s campaign buttons, again insisted that the party was not divided.
To his supporters, Ellison said: “If you care about people who have their loved ones’ cemeteries being desecrated like the Jewish community is facing right now, if you care about people who have walls being built against them, being banned for their religion, and having their healthcare taken away from them, if you care about those people, then you got to stay in here and back Tom Perez for chair.”
One progressive group called the result a “missed opportunity” to fuse opposition to Trump with the Democratic party. 
“This incredibly disappointing result is another missed opportunity for a Democratic party desperately trying to regain relevance,” said Jim Dean, chair of Democracy for America, which endorsed Ellison. “[It] proves, once again, how out of touch party insiders are with the grassroots movement currently in the streets, on the phone, and at town halls nationwide.
“The resistance will persist in showing progressive leaders how to unrelentingly take on Trump, with or without the leadership of the Democratic National Committee.” 
Trump was among those who offered congratulatory messages to Perez, in his case with a barb:
After the vote, Perez said Democrats were “suffering from a crisis of confidence, a crisis of relevance”, but promised to take the fight to Trump and to support Democrats against Republicans in elections nationwide. On Twitter, he responded to Trump in kind:
When voting began, members voted by paper ballot and had two minutes to make their choice among the six candidates then still in the running. The first count was excruciatingly close. Perez finished with 213.5 votes, having needed 214.5 to win. Ellison won 200, taking the contest into a second round.
All of the candidates withdrew except for Ellison and Perez. Jehmu Greene, a former Fox News political consultant who earned half a vote, endorsed Perez. Peter Peckarsky, a Wisconsin attorney who earned no votes, endorsed Ellison. 
In the frantic moments between the results and the distribution of the second ballots, the campaigns and their supporters spread across the convention center ballroom in a last-ditch attempt to sway members to their side. Perez waded into the crowd, smiling and shaking hands as he secured commitments.
The mayor of South Bend, Indiana, Pete Buttigieg withdrew from the race before voting began and without endorsing a candidate, thereby unleashing at least a few dozen commitments late in the contest.
“We saw the potential of doing well on multiple ballots but we can do the math,” Buttigieg said. 
The popular, 35-year-old Rust Belt mayor and openly gay Afghanistan veteran left the race after a streak of national media attention and without angering either faction. He is widely believed to hold higher political ambitions, especially as a young member of a party in search of new talent. 
“There’s nothing wrong with our bench,” Buttigieg said. “We just haven’t called enough people on our bench off the bench and asked them to get out in the field.” 
After his victory, Perez said: “Mayor Pete is going to be the example of how Democrats win statewide in red states.”
The winner inherits a party demoralized by years of losses at local, state and national levels. A surge of activism by liberal groups in reaction to an unpopular Republican president, however, offers hope of new purpose.
As chair – in equal parts a tactician, a fundraiser and an opposition leader – Perez will need to immediately prepare for races in 2017 and the midterms in 2018. Part of the challenge will lie in healing the rift between centrists and progressives while developing a message to resonate beyond liberal enclaves.
He will also have to rebuild trust in an organization that was engulfed in controversy last year, after the publication of hacked emails that appeared to show committee staffers favoring Clinton over Sanders and led to the resignation as chair of Florida representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz. 
The race to replace Wasserman Schultz attracted national attention and had all the trappings of a presidential campaign, with candidates embarking on bus tours and competing in televised debates. 
The vote was ultimately decided, however, by 435 voting members of the DNC. That led Buttigieg to compare it to a “high school student council race”.



ARTICLE
The writing is on the wall. “God bless Trump”, “America first”, “Peace through strength!!!”, “Capitalism is beautiful”, “Drain the swamp”, “One nation under God”, “Make America gay again!”, “Adorable deplorable” and “Trump is star!” are among the messages scrawled in the exhibition hall at this year’s Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) near Washington.
Look close and there is a thread of defiance too: “CPAC abandoned principles to support a big government strongman.”
This week America held its biggest gathering of conservative activists since Donald Trump’s stunning election as president. The festival of political incorrectness was a moment of giddy vindication after eight years in the wilderness. 
“This is suddenly a wonderful, wonderful glorious morning in America, isn’t it?” Lou Dobbs, a host on the Fox Business Network, asked the crowd. But at what price? Observers said it also marked the death of the conservative movement of former president Ronald Reagan and a rush to embrace a new authoritarianism.
If Reaganism is to be succeeded by Trumpism, then White House chief strategist Steve Bannon gave the clearest outline yet of what that will look like: sovereignty and security, including the building of walls; economic nationalism to rewrite trade deals and bring jobs home; a radical “deconstruction of the administrative state” to tear down the system of taxes and regulations seen as choking economic growth.
When Trump addresses both houses of Congress on Tuesday, he is likely to put more flesh on those bones. He will seek to bring the Republican party to heel, just as he has the conservative grassroots. It is only a matter of time, however, before he will have to explain how he intends to pay for a populist, protectionist agenda that shreds fiscal conservative orthodoxy.
“I would say this is a moment of existential crisis for the conservative movement because it’s being replaced by Trumpism,” said Charlie Sykes, a conservative author and commentator who stayed away from CPAC this year. “There is a very real capitulation among conservatives. The disturbing process of the last year was seeing conservatives convince themselves that Trump is their new saviour.”
CPAC was established in the 1970s by the nascent conservative movement, in a successful bid to push the Republican party to the right. During Barack Obama’s presidency, it could feel in danger of irrelevance: the further its voices were from power, it seemed, the louder they shouted. Among the speakers in 2011 was a businessman, TV celebrity and former Democrat from New York: Donald Trump.
Many of the themes he hit that day – America needs to win, we don’t have free trade, China is manipulating the currency – were the same as in 2017, but their time had not yet come.
Even a year ago, CPAC appeared peripheral to the national conversation and Trump appeared peripheral to CPAC. With the Republican primary in full swing, Ted Cruz, a hardliner by most measures, seemed a natural choice for this constituency. But Trump beat Cruz and in November he shocked the world by beating Hillary Clinton too. Many in a once sceptical Republican party have since rallied around him, brushing off charges that they are spineless and seduced by power.
CPAC, suddenly thrust from the sidelines to centre stage, likewise surrendered to Trump. In a raucous atmosphere reminiscent of a campaign rally, his speech, full of populist fire and bilious attacks on the media, was clapped and cheered and met with chants of “USA! USA”, “Build the wall” and – in reference to Clinton – “Lock her up”. “Make America great again” baseball caps, scarce a year ago, were worn with pride. Republican establishment figures, including senators, congressmen and governors, were thin on the ground. Leading Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage was treated like a rock star.
Attendee Deborah Aldrich, 60, from Salt Lake City, Utah, said: “Last year Trump didn’t even come and he was booed during a debate on TV. It was a real pro-Cruz group. To see all the conservatives who were booing him last year applauding him this year feels like a real victory.”
At first glance, the exhibition hall at the Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center, a vast complex on the Potomac river, appeared to be a celebration of a movement emboldened and on the march. Organisations included Tea Party Patriots, VotingCatholic.com and, less expectedly, Gays for Guns.
The National Rifle Association was running a “gun giveaway”, a chance to win a free weapon, while the anti-abortion group Save the Storks had set up a van offering free pregnancy tests. Merchandise ranged from Trump and Clinton bobbleheads (the latter wearing prison stripes) to T-shirts with slogans such as “God is great, beer is good & liberals are crazy”, “Girls just want to have guns” and “Free speech is burning”, and even babygrows that said “Capitalist” or carried a gun silhouette.
Among the books on sale were Marriage Done Right: One Man, One Woman, The Truth About Muhammad: Founder of the World’s Most Intolerant Religion, Sex Scandal: The Drive to Abolish Male and Female, The Problem with Socialism, and The Worst President in History: The Legacy of Barack Obama (“Contains 200 reasons”). Shoppers could buy USA baseball caps and Trump T-shirts, then pose for a photo against an image of the White House.
Bridgett Wagner, vice-president of the Heritage Foundation, a conservative thinktank which had a prominent location in the hall, said Trump was popular here: “These are grassroots, these are activists, not the beltway community. They want change. 
“They are ready for somebody to go in and stop the growth of government, stop Obamacare. Washington and the establishment pays attention to [the controversies around Trump] but I honestly think the average American is looking at results.”
Yet beneath the show of unity, there were cracks. Asked for their views on Trump, some organisers manning stalls smiled uneasily and said they could not comment. Attendance was widely said to be down on past years.
Bradley Matthews, editorial manager of the Conservative Book Club, said many had chosen to stay away: “This year seems a lot more low key. There is more of a Trump crowd. A lot of establishment people are not here, a lot of traditional actors are not here. We’ll see if that holds in 2018 but for now it’s Trump, Trump, Trump.”
One man who did return was Richard Spencer, a white nationalist and leading ideologue of the “alt-right”, a far-right group that senses a historic opportunity. He was asked directly by a Dutch TV journalist: “Are you a fascist?” It was the kind of question that many felt belonged to a bygone era but suddenly, in 2017, seems serious and urgent again. Spencer insisted not and denied any contact with the Ku Klux Klan. He also tried to explain away his infamous “Hail Trump!” salute last November as “a moment of exuberance”.
Spencer, 38, did not claim Trump for the “alt-right” but said “his arrow points in our direction”.
“Donald Trump came like a miracle,” he said, “in many ways. No one predicted him, no one predicted that at the very beginning of his campaign he would define himself on the immigration issue, which is fundamentally a racial issue, and so I couldn’t believe it.
“But the fact is when the world changed, you have to change too, and so I do think there are amazing new opportunities now because he’s bringing nationalism to the fore, he’s bringing it into the mainstream, he’s asking these existential questions like: are we a nation? And those questions weren’t being asked by Republicans before him.
“If you ask George W Bush what is America, he would be like, ‘a universalistic, eternal force of democracy and capitalism for all times’. Donald Trump doesn’t think like that. Donald Trump thinks ‘No, we have an organic nation, there is an American people that has a history, they have a particular experience and I’m going to stick up with them.’”
The “alt-right” was denounced from the CPAC stage as a “hateful, leftwing fascist group” trying to worm its way into conservative ranks. Spencer was expelled from the event soon after. But some fear it is too late to slam the Pandora’s box shut and that Trump and Bannon have given an electric shock to long-dormant extremists, stirring them to life. CPAC also controversially invited – and then disinvited – rightwing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos to give a speech.
The awkward marriage of convenience between factions was vividly displayed on Thursday when Bannon sat on stage alongside Reince Priebus, former chairman of the Republican national committee, now White House chief of staff. Bannon was casual with open-collared shirt, Priebus more staid in suit and tie. At one point Bannon attempted to put his left hand on Priebus’s knee, only for Priebus to curtly brush him off.
The pugnacious Bannon, a former head of the rightwing Bretibart News who has been dubbed “Trump’s Rasputin”, spoke as if on permanent war footing. He said the president was “maniacally focused” on fulfilling his campaign promises and predicted a daily fight against the media, airing grievances against what he called the opposition party. Cancelling trade deals, Bannon argued, was part of a broader push toward “the deconstruction of the administrative state”.
He explained: “Every business leader we’ve had in is saying not just taxes, but it is also the regulation. I think the consistent, if you look at these cabinet appointees, they were selected for a reason and that is the deconstruction. The way the progressive left runs is if they can’t get it passed, they’re just gonna put in some sort of regulation in an agency. That’s all gonna be deconstructed and I think that that’s why this regulatory thing is so important.”
One such Trump appointee is Scott Pruitt as head of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) despite his ties to the fossil fuel industry and fierce opposition from environmental groups. Pruitt is an opponent of what he regards as federal overreach. It will be little surprise if the White House now begins to dismantle the EPA’s Clean Power Plan, which set the first carbon pollution standards for power plants, and other components of Obama’s Climate Action Plan.
But despite the talk of aggressively moving forward, the administration faces a moment of reckoning in Congress. The border wall will cost billions. Trump’s daughter Ivanka seemed poised to launch an expensive childcare programme to help working mothers. In an interview with the Hollywood Reporter last November, Bannon vowed to push a trillion-dollar infrastructure plan, boasting: “The conservatives are going to go crazy.” The Trump White House has promised to make wide-ranging tax cuts – yet also slash the national deficit.
Sykes said: “I keep trying to figure out how Trump and Bannon are going to pay for all these things. I remember when conservatives used to care about this stuff. I don’t see how they’re going to square that circle. Donald Trump is not a fiscal conservative. He likes to spend money, borrow money and build things. It should not be a shock he’s not going to be a deficit hawk.”
Trump has no intention of shrinking the federal government, Sykes added, and his praise of the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, would have been unthinkable to cold warrior Reagan.
“This CPAC marks a definite end to the Reagan era. If you define conservatism or Reaganism as small government constitutionalism, that does not describe the isolationist, protectionist, authoritarian themes Trump delivered. Conservatism has become less about ideas than a cult of personality: if a leader tells them to reject a principle they have held for 50 years, they are willing to do that.”
More powerful than they have been for a decade, many conservatives are grateful for what Trump is not – Clinton – but remain wary of what he is. Pragmatism is all. 
Reagan’s son, Michael, said: “I don’t think Donald Trump is a true conservative at all. I think Donald Trump is a great salesman and he’s sold the conservatives on swallowing their tongues and saying follow me, and conservatives said, ‘Listen, we’re gonna go with this guy, a businessman, because we’re $20tn in debt. We’re gonna go with him because we know what would happen if we in fact elected Hillary Clinton to be president of the United States of America.’”
Reagan, 71, head of the Reagan Legacy Foundation, nonetheless urged conservatives to move with the times and support the new president. “This is the time for Trump; my father had his time in the sun … In the world we live in today, Donald Trump would have beaten Ronald Reagan for the nomination of the Republican party. But Ronald Reagan would have beaten Donald Trump in 1980 for the nomination of the Republican party.”



ARTICLE
Months before his latest wiretaps tweetstorm, Donald Trump was in a much more cheerful mood on Twitter thanking a block of voters for their support on his road to the White House: bikers.
“Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump – Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.”
Six months later, as Trump was about to be sworn in, biker Cox and his group pledged to form a “wall of meat” – a sea of men standing arm to arm – to protect him from inauguration protesters. Cox’s Facebook group, which gathers 200,000 followers, states as their mission to “help elect Donald Trump president of the United States”. Mission accomplished.
But “the bikers”, as Trump has lovingly referred to them – those “who have been so good to me, fantastic people who truly love our country” – are not a single group revving one Trump engine. Even among those who ride President Trump’s pick of the most emblematic American made-in-the US macho machine, there are stark differences.
The politics of motorcycle enthusiasts are as diverse as the ways in which they customize their bikes, according to Trump supporter and longtime Harley rider George Kovach, 64, of Oakland, California. 
“I might put a skull and crossbones on my bike,” Kovach says. “One guy could be a hippie-biker with a flower power sticker, and another might be one who’s just happy with money in his pocket and a beer in his hand. And the Bikers for Trump – most of them are veterans of one era or another,” he says, himself a Vietnam veteran and supporter of the group.
It was Trump’s business savvy that swayed Kovach from his longtime Democratic affiliation. 
“Dude’s got a lot of issues, but one thing you’ve got to remember about Trump is he’s a businessman,” Kovach says. “I can tell you from a businessman’s standpoint, nowhere near the magnitude he is, that when you’re in business, your objective is to get the money from that person who walks through that door. And a successful businessman will be able to talk to a black man, a Latino, a Jewish person, a hippie … So I think of Trump along those lines, as being a mixed bag, but a businessman first and foremost.” 
Others have a more nuanced take. Rich Gibbon, a longtime rider and racer and president of the Mad Dog Oakland MC in the San Francisco Bay area, says Trump “is the village idiot. We know that. But if he can do some good somewhere, then I support anything positive that can come out of this train wreck.”
Gibbon says that this good could come if Trump were to lift tariffs on motorcycles sold overseas as he initially promised, even as he left some baffled by signing an executive order to end the US participation in the Trans-Pacific Partnership – which would have lifted these tariffs.
 “He’s a businessman, down to his 70s-era power handshake,” Gibbon says. He wants to exert strength, and I think he sees strength in Harley-Davidson. The Harley-Davidson riding community is about freedom of speech and freedom of expression, all those guaranteed freedoms … Harley-Davidson is very Americana. It’s visceral, it’s a little rough, and he’s attracted to that.” 
But even though Trump singled out Harley-Davidson in his first address to Congress, referring to the “five magnificent motorcycles on the lawn of the White House”, there are those who ride who plain just don’t like him.
One of those bikers is George Christie, a former longtime president of the Ventura, California, chapter of the Hells Angels Motorcycle Club. 
“In my day, bikers valued freedom over everything, and were suspicious of any rich guy shilling for the ‘establishment’,” said Christie, in a recent blogpost titled Trumped on Two Wheels. “We didn’t support ‘law-and-order’ candidates because they were inevitably all for eroding our precious civil liberties. Most of us served in the military and knew the reality. In my day, we wouldn’t have given a second look to some soft, privileged, trust-fund mutt who deferred from the draft multiple times.”
Christie says that Trump’s years on The Apprentice help him gauge the mood of the public and give them what they want. “There’s a populist attitude we have right now,” Christie says, “and I think he saw how to tap into that … Twitter is an automatic weapon for him.”
Also among “the bikers” are those who didn’t vote for either Trump or Hillary Clinton, but who support any economic incentives that would benefit US companies like Harley-Davidson. 
“Every time I listen to him, he irritates me,” says Jerry Aebi, 56, a Harley owner in Simi Valley, California. “But I like that he supports Harley and that he wants them to succeed. I think Trump is trying to appeal to a very ‘Made in America’ mindset that’s popular with bikers.”
Even though the company invited the president to take a ride on one of the bikes parked on the White House lawn, the company might not be as enamored with Trump as he is with the brand. The president opposes H-1B visas that allow Harley-Davidson to hire outsourced labor abroad, as Harley does in India. The withdrawal of the US from the TPP also means that the company will “now of course … turn our attention to whatever bilateral trade agreements that could help level the playing field for Harley-Davidson,” according to Harley-Davidson’s CEO, Matt Levatich.
Still, the company remains a successful American powerhouse. Its stock rose 2.3% after Trump named the brand during his speech to Congress, and continues to rise. 
“Harley Davidson is the perfect brand for president Trump to associate himself with,” adds David Langton of Langton Creative Group. “It’s rugged, regular-guy, tough and not too elite. It’s not fussy (or Italian) like Moto Guzzi. It’s not the efficient machines of Yamaha or Honda (or Japanese). It’s all American. There is a short-term advantage for the brand to associate with Trump’s form of politics. But since Harley-Davidson has a long established brand they do need to be careful in aligning themselves with Trump. Because Harley-Davison is a long-term, quality brand and Trump, alas, isn’t.”
Though the bikers Trump has appealed to might disagree on his ability to put his foot in his mouth – or “to be a real asshole”, as one rider said – they all agree that his dedication to building up American companies is something they can get behind.
“There’s a camaraderie for two wheels out there, especially for Harleys,” says Jerry Aebi. “We’re going to give the peace sign to everyone on a two-wheeler.” 



ARTICLE
How did Donald Trump do in his first 100 days as US president? The moment you step out into the beating heart of America, you realize that’s the wrong question.
How did the Donald Trumps – plural – do in their first 100 days? That’s the better line of inquiry. And no, it’s not a reference to Donald Jr, busily engorging the family business while his father makes America great again.
The question to ask is: how did the two Donald Trumps do? One man, two entirely contrary public figures. There’s Donald Trump, champion of the white conservative religious masses of rural and small-town America, the man bringing change to Washington, reviving the nation’s pride, teaching a lesson to foreigners with a well-targeted bombing raid or two.
And then there’s Donald Trump as seen through the eyes of urban America, minority communities and progressive voters. This president is utterly incompetent, criminally corrupt, or both, is only interested in himself and his rich buddies, and has turned the White House into a reality TV show.
It’s not hard to track down people who subscribe to one of these Donald Trumps. There are millions of them , scattered unevenly across the United States.
In some places, the polar impressions co-exist side by side in their own hermetically sealed bubbles. Like in Ohio, where two neighboring communities straddling a county line have been following the progress of quite different Donald Trumps since the inauguration on 20 January . .
To the west of the county border is Warrensville Heights, a city of 14,000 people that is 94% African American. It lies on the outskirts of Cleveland in Cuyahoga County, one of the key strongholds in this crucial swing state for Hillary Clinton, with 66% of the county voting for her on election day .
To the east of the boundary is Chardon, in Geauga County, where a commanding 61% voted for Trump . Chardon’s 5,000 residents are as white as Warrensville Heights’ are black, even more so in fact, with the 2010 census recording a 98% white population. “We’re Anglo-Saxon, God-fearing Republicans,” as one resident put it.
Twenty miles and that county line between them. But when it comes to the 45th president, it’s as though these two communities are seeing him through alternate realities.
We invited residents of Warrensville Heights, who voted Democratic in the presidential election, to tell us the word that came into their minds when they heard the phrase: “Donald Trump’s first 100 days”.
They came up with:
Then we put it to Trump voters in Chardon. They said:
So what did they mean? Why, for instance, did Kim Williams, 47, an African American woman who works at a loans and lottery company, Cash2Go, in Warrensville Heights, say “stress” when Trump’s 100 days was evoked?
“I say ‘stress’ down to how he’s handling things for the people,” she said. “Truthfully, I think he’s a puppet for rich folk.”
She checked off Trump’s travel ban for visitors from Muslim-majority countries, his deportations of non-criminal Latino immigrants, and his failed attempt to scrap the Affordable Care Act (ACA) as evidence of his discrimination against minorities and in favour of the wealthy. Then she used a vivid metaphor to describe how she believes the president has been duping the American people.
“He offers us with real nice food – steak and fries – but when he comes to give it to you it’s presented on a trashcan lid.”
By similar measure, why did Ward Lawrence, 81, a white salesman in Chardon, come up with “bold” when given the Trump test? A clue perhaps was that he’d just spent three hours listening to Rush Limbaugh’s rightwing talk radio show.
“Bold? Look at what he’s done. I think he’s doing what’s best for America … the Keystone pipeline, he threw out Environmental Protection Agency regulations, he told companies not to move jobs out of the country.”
No worries about climate change? “That’s a fabrication,” he said. “Entirely made up by people who benefit financially from it, starting with Al Gore.”
Lawrence has no doubt that 97% of Chardon – his figure – would vote for Trump again. “Oh yes, absolutely.” And he, too, has a ripe metaphor for why that should be so. “We suffered for eight years kissing Obama’s ass because he was black. Now Trump says it like it is.”
Trump expended much of his energy on the campaign trail last year, and a good deal of it since he entered the White House, talking about his devotion to the “forgotten” people. That was barely concealed code for white working-class and middle-class Americans.
The strange thing about Ohio is that the equation is reversed. If anyone has been forgotten in these neighboring communities, it is the poor black inhabitants of Warrenville Heights.
The area around Jack Racino, a horse racing and gambling casino in the center of the city, has a desolation epitomised by the local super mall that has closed and is being razed to rubble. Letters from its welcome sign, Randall Park, lie in great plastic shards in puddles of oily water where a couple of geese paddle forlornly.
Life is tough enough for the residents of the “friendly city”, as Warrensville Heights styles itself. Median income for a household is $33,000, compared with $54,000 in white Chardon. Infant mortality rates in Cuyahoga County are 11 deaths per 1,000 live births, twice the national average.
Despite such hardship, Trump is proposing to make life worse for the folk of Warrensville Heights. It’s not just his ongoing efforts to scrap the ACA, also known as Obamacare, which would disproportionately impact poor families.
He is also attempting in next year’s budget to cut back on meals for wheels services for elderly people, and free transport for them to hospitals. That’s why Gregory Gaines, 49, a building worker whose mother-in-law is dependent on such assistance, thought of the word “horrible” to sum up Trump’s 100 days.
“Trump’s ethics aren’t right,” he said. “His thinking seems to be to take from those who have not, to give to those who have.”
But the president says he is on the side of the forgotten people. “Forgotten people?” Gaines guffawed. “We are the forgotten people. I’ve yet to see him do anything for the black community.”
Kay, 58, who runs a school for hair and nail beauty stylists, chose the word “clown”. She said: “I believe Trump’s so used to being on TV that’s how he’s running the country like a reality show. He says things he knows aren’t true, like the crowd size at his inauguration, but wears a mask that makes him look as though it’s true.”
Kay said she thought the assault on funding for the women’s health network Planned Parenthood was especially reprehensible. She was derisive also about the senior White House team, namely adviser Kellyanne Conway and press secretary Sean Spicer – “they talk about fake news, but I heard more fake news from them than anybody” – and daughter Ivanka –“could I get a job description, maybe?”
Across the road, Darius Smith, 29, responded to the Trump test with the word “money”. He gave a simple reason: “I think Donald Trump bought his way into the White House.”
Smith is a gold buyer, which sounds more glamorous than it is. Local residents bring their broken jewelry to him to pawn or sell. A glass showcase in the store is entirely bare, while Smith works at a counter behind iron security bars.
Like most others in Warrensville Heights, he voted twice for Obama before backing Clinton in November. So how does he think Donald Trump has done in his first 100 days? “He hasn’t done anything yet. The travel ban didn’t go through, and that was a horrible idea.”
After a half-hour’s drive to Chardon, the outlook switches dramatically. There’s nothing forgotten about the town’s quaint square, with its pretty redbrick courthouse dating from 1869, or the well-appointed shops serving the surrounding area’s prosperous farming community.
Stalls are going up for the 88th annual maple festival this weekend, with bumper cars, a haunted house and “old-fashioned” lemonade and hot dog stands. It takes little imagination to get the size of a place that proclaims on its official placard: “Chardon’s square and proud of it”. 
Here in all-white Chardon, Donald Trump has metamorphosed into action man.
“Action” was the word conjured up by Tim Overberger, 47, a carpet installer shopping in the square. Wasn’t that quite a glowing review to give a president whose key policy efforts have come unstuck at the hands of the courts or his fellow Republicans in Congress?
“I think he’s done stuff,” Overberger protested, though he was hard-pressed to provide details. “He’s signed some bills, though I don’t pay attention to that small stuff. He said he was going to bomb, and he did.”
Ed, 71, a car mechanic, used the word “fast” to describe what he thought had been a highly productive start to Trump’s term in office. “I like the fact that he’s sticking it to these other countries, like North Korea. At least he’s doing something.”
Jeanne Lose, 56, is that rare animal in Chardon, a resident who is not a dyed-in-the-wool Republican. An independent, she voted for Trump in November, but that was the first time she had backed a conservative presidential candidate in her life. The decision was motivated in part by having been repulsed by Hillary Clinton’s surrogates. “Beyoncé,” she said. “I really don’t like Beyoncé.”
Lose chose as her word “illegals” to signal her approval for Trump’s tough stance on deporting undocumented immigrants. “I’ve got a son lives in Denver, he’s a plumber, and there are a lot of illegals out there taking work away from him.”
She liked the travel ban too, buying Trump’s line that it would protect the nation from terrorism. “I just feel so bad for France, they are, like, getting beat up,” she said.
And so it went. The two Donald Trumps stayed doggedly in their respective bubbles, with virtually no common ground between them. Was there no hope of any communion after these first 100 days, no coming together of any description?
In Chardon, the only Trump voter to give an inch was Caroline Mansfield, 53, chief deputy at the Geauga county treasurer’s office. “Filter” was the word that came into her mind, because she said the president could sometimes do with using one to moderate his public comments.
She also conceded that Trump had found it very hard in his rookie days to achieve his objectives. But she quickly qualified the point: it was not his fault.
“He’s doing a great job. But there’s been so much opposition to him that it’s very difficult for him to get anything done. It’s time for us to unite and let him be the president.”
The only person truly prepared to cross the metaphorical county line between Trump and anti-Trump sentiments aptly chose the word “surprising”. Kendell Long, 27, walking home in Warrensville Heights with his three-year-old son, Kendell Jr, said he was finding the new president hard to pin down.
At first, everything Trump said or did horrified him. He hated the damage the president’s cuts would do to public services, such as Cleveland’s world-class hospitals, and he loathed his intemperate outbursts on Twitter or TV. “There seemed like there was no control to what came out of his mouth.”
But over time Long, who studies psychology at night while holding down a day job at a Valvoline instant oil change franchise, was forced to reappraise, he said. “I think Trump’s starting to think through what he says and does, way more than when he was running.”
Didn’t he worry about how his peers would respond if he stood up, even just a little, for the president? “I don’t care about what someone else feels, I only care about what’s good for me and my son,” he said, holding Kendell Jr in his arms. “As long as Trump’s not bringing trouble down on us, like wars and stuff, he’s not always such a bad thing.”



ARTICLE
Appetite for a US trade deal with Britain appears as high in Washington as it is in London, according to interviews with politicians, with both governments anxious to demonstrate there is more to economic populism than simply a desire for protectionism.
But despite the political convergence indicated by Donald Trump’s election and the Brexit vote, Theresa May will discover the special relationship still has plenty of cracks and contradictions when she visits the White House on Friday.
No amount of goodwill can disguise the blunt message of Trump’s inauguration speech, in which he promised: “From this day forward, it’s going to be only America first.” Instead, a challenging set of issues is likely to remain on the agenda as Britain seeks to outline the shape of any future trade agreement.
A major reason Trump favours bilateral trade negotiations over regional deals with Asia or Europe is that he views them as a better way for the US to leverage its economic clout. Despite Europe’s larger combined status, the US remains Britain’s largest single trading partner. The UK, by contrast, is only the seventh largest trading partner of the US and unlikely to be able to call the shots when it comes to the all-important harmonisation of regulations.
Washington wants a deal too though, especially after Trump abandoned the Trans-Pacific Partnership talks with Asian allies. Bob Corker, Republican chairman of the Senate foreign relations committee, believes a British trade agreement could serve as an alternative template. “If we set a high standard in this free trade agreement, it will be really helpful to as we try to negotiate other free trade agreements,” he said.
“It’s all about the symbolism,” said Edward Alden, a trade expert at the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington. “Trump has a very strong interest in treating the visit as positively as he can. He needs to demonstrate he is not purely anti-trade.”
British business lobbyists are also upbeat about the balance of power. The CBI notes that the UK is twice as big as the next largest inward investor to the US, with some £400bn of business investment and 1m jobs at stake in either direction. Unusually both countries have maintained rough parity in annual exports of good and services too.
Nonetheless, the political mood remains hostile to anything that looks like outsourcing, whatever the name of the country. “England is a lifelong ally,” said congressman Ruben Gallego, a Democrat from Arizona. “Our great and special relationship doesn’t extend to the point where I think we would allow the working class to be exploited or exported to keep that relationship with England.”
Trickier negotiations are likely over immigration, where both governments are committed to taking back control over their borders and limiting the impact of overseas workers on domestic wage levels.
There is, of course, countervailing pressure from employers in both countries to make sure the supply of skilled labour does not dry up.
Downing Street has hinted that it would like to see an increase in high-skill visas in both directions as part of any US trade deal – working on the assumption that many of those willing to cross the Atlantic are relatively highly-paid professionals.
But both governments also leave themselves open to the charge that they seek a racially biased immigration policy if relaxation of US/UK rules comes at a time when the door is slammed shut to other countries.
Given Trump’s intransigence, May could find herself forced to make concessions simply to maintain current US visa access – making her domestic target of bringing down net migration to the UK even harder.
Hopes have risen in the City of London in recent days that an ambitious US trade deal involving financial services could help compensate for the expected loss of “passporting” rights with Europe.
Barack Obama kept financial services out of recent US-EU talks due to fears of undermining the Dodd Frank regulation he instituted after the banking crash. But Trump has committed to relaxing some of these rules anyway, possibly paving the way for both a degree of deregulation and closer links between Wall Street and the City.
The problem is both markets are already highly interdependent and experts are sceptical it will make that much difference. “I don’t think a US trade deal begins to offset the damage from losing European market access,” said Alden. “Proximity still matters and most trade is still regional.”
Both governments have also dropped hints of future cuts in corporation tax cuts – retaliation in Britain’s case if it gets a bad deal with Europe, but something that could become a race to the bottom if combined with tax cuts in the US.
With tariffs on goods exports already low, the toughest of all trade challenges for UK-US negotiators will be so-called non-tariff barriers.
On the UK side, there are mounting worries that reducing barriers for US exporters inevitably means lowering British standards on environmental rules, food safety and drug regulation: allowing GM crops, hormone treated beef or bleach-washed chicken. The US pharmaceutical industry has also sought greater access to the NHS and more protection from cheap generic rivals.
But Trump has also pledged to curb US drug prices and the power of the pharma lobby. Industry sources argue there is little appetite within corporate America for challenging rules in what is still perceived as a relatively open UK market.
A growing fear in other direction is that Trump’s proposals for new “buy American” rules on federal procurement will bar UK companies from bidding on lucrative US contracts.
Campaigners on both sides of the Atlantic worry that dispute resolution provisions in the trade deals unfairly favour big business over consumer safety rights.
Either way, experts and politicians agree this is where the rub lies. “The biggest trade issue for me is not so much wages but the tax and regulatory compliance that goes into every good and consumable that we have,” said Mark Meadows a Republican congressman from North Carolina. “Sometimes we focus so much just on traded barriers and tariffs that we miss the majority of what makes up robust trade and we seem to leave those out of any agreement.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump is facing mounting pressure to explain his ties with Russia after it emerged that he knew weeks ago his national security adviser had misled officials about secret communications with Russian officials but did not fire him.
The retired general Michael Flynn was forced to quit on Monday night after reports that he could be vulnerable to blackmail by Moscow.
Democrats demanded an independent investigation into Flynn’s phone calls with the Russian ambassador, what Trump knew about them and when. A senior Republican promised to examine the matter “exhaustively”, but others in the party were reluctant.
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, told reporters how the resignation had happened: “The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable incidents is what led the president to ask Gen Flynn for his resignation.”
He added: “There’s nothing that the general did that was a violation of any sort. What this came down to was a matter of trust.”
Flynn stepped down after just 24 days when it emerged that he had discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador to Washington before Trump took office, then misled vice-president Mike Pence and others about the conversations. FBI agents interviewed Flynn soon after the inauguration, the New York Times reported.
White House officials were reeling from the scandal less than a month after Trump became president amid reports of disarray and dysfunction. They also faced questions over why they had not acted more than two weeks ago when first warned by the Department of Justice that the retired general might be vulnerable to Russian blackmail.
Spicer claimed that Trump was first made aware that Flynn had potentially misled the vice-president on 26 January and that the White House legal counsel, Donald McGahn, had been investigating the situation since in what Spicer called “a very deliberative process”, determining within several days that Flynn had not broken the law. Until 13 February, Flynn continued to have access to top-level information.
Chuck Schumer, the Senate Democratic leader, called for an investigation into the “potential criminal violations” surrounding the communications between Flynn and Russia. “The White House knew for weeks that Gen Flynn misled the vice-president and that his discussion about sanctions with the Russian government could potentially compromise our national security because he was subject to blackmail,” Schumer said at a press conference on Tuesday.
“And yet they let him stay on for weeks present at – and participating in – the highest level of national security discussions until those reports were made public.”
Spicer flatly denied that Trump had asked Flynn to bring up the issue of sanctions in his conversations with Ambassador Sergei Kislyak. Asked whether the president had been aware that Flynn might have planned to discuss sanctions with the Russian envoy, the press secretary replied: “No, absolutely not.”
Spicer, in contradiction to statements made by the senior White House aide Kellyanne Conway earlier on Tuesday, insisted that Trump had asked for Flynn’s resignation and that it was not the national security adviser’s decision. “The level of trust between the president and Gen Flynn had eroded that it had to make a change.” 
In contrast, Conway said on NBC’s Today show on Tuesday morning: “Mike Flynn had decided it was best to resign. He knew he had become a lightning rod and he made that decision.”
Intelligence agencies concluded that Russian computer hackers interfered in last year’s presidential election with the intention of hurting Hillary Clinton, and therefore helping Trump. The US president has repeatedly declined to criticise the Russian president, Vladimir Putin.
Spicer insisted that Trump had been “incredibly tough” on Russia. However, he only pointed to comments made by the UN ambassador, Nikki Haley, to back up that assertion. The press secretary, as well as the newly confirmed treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, did not go into detail about whether the sanctions discussed by Flynn, which were imposed after Russia was determined to have hacked during the 2016 election, would be lifted. “The existing policies are in place,” said Mnuchin.
Spicer declined to say whether the White House would cooperate with a congressional inquiry. Earlier Nancy Pelosi, the House minority leader, had called for a wide-ranging investigation. “The truth and consequences of the Russia connection: the American people deserve to know the full extent of Russia’s financial, personal and political grip on President Trump and what that means for our national security,” she said.
“Flynn’s resignation is a reflection of the poor judgment of President Trump and demands answers to the grave questions over the president’s involvement. By what authority did Flynn act and to whom did he report?”
The Democratic demand for an inquiry threw down the gauntlet to Republicans, who control the House and Senate but have an often difficult relationship with Trump.
Roy Blunt, a Republican member of the Senate intelligence committee, pledged to investigate the Flynn issue “exhaustively”.
“I think everybody needs that investigation to happen,” Blunt, a senator from Missouri, said on Tuesday in a local radio interview. “And the Senate intelligence committee … has been given the principal responsibility to look into this, and I think that we should look into it exhaustively so that at the end of this process, nobody wonders whether there was a stone left unturned, and shouldn’t reach conclusions before you have the information that you need to have to make those conclusions.”
Blunt suggested his committee would soon call upon Flynn to testify before Congress. “I would think that we should talk to Gen Flynn very soon and that should answer a lot of questions,” he said. 
“What did he know? What did he do? And is there any reason to believe that anybody knew that and didn’t take the kind of action they should have taken?”
Fellow Republican John McCain, chairman of the Senate armed services committee, described it as a “troubling indication of the dysfunction of the current national security apparatus” in a complex global environment.
McCain added: “Gen Flynn’s resignation also raises further questions about the Trump administration’s intentions toward Putin’s Russia, including statements by the president suggesting moral equivalence between the United States and Russia despite its invasion of Ukraine, annexation of Crimea, threats to our Nato allies, and attempted interference in American elections.”
The party was split, however, with some playing the allegations down. Paul Ryan, the House speaker and most senior Republican on Capitol Hill, said that Trump had “made the right decision” in seeking Flynn’s resignation.
“You cannot have a national security adviser misleading the vice-president and others,” Ryan said at a press conference.
“As soon as this person lost the president’s trust, the president asked for his resignation … It was the right thing to do.”
Jason Chaffetz, the Republican chairman of the House oversight committee, said he would not pursue an investigation into Flynn’s contacts with Russia. “That situation is taking care of itself,” Chaffetz told reporters on Capitol Hill. “I know that the [House intelligence committee] was looking into the hacking issue previously, so I think he did the right thing by stepping out.”
The Republican-led House oversight committee did, however, investigate Hillary Clinton’s handling of the 2012 Benghazi terrorist attack even as the Senate and House intelligence committees conducted their own inquiries.
Devin Nunes, chairman of the House intelligence committee and a longtime ally of Flynn, said he had no plans to investigate his communications with Russia, adding he was more concerned with the leaks surrounding the former national security adviser.
Flynn’s departure deepened concerns over a chaotic start for the Trump White House and the national security council (NSC) in particular, as well as allegations of ties with Russia that continue to haunt the president.
The Democratic congressmen John Conyers Jr of Michigan and Elijah Cummings of Maryland, the ranking members of the judiciary and oversight committees, called for a classified briefing for Congress regarding Flynn’s actions.
“We were shocked and dismayed to learn this evening of reports that three weeks ago, US law enforcement officials warned the White House counsel that Gen Flynn had provided false information to the public about his communications with the Russian government, but that the Trump administration apparently did nothing about it,” the two said in a statement.
Ben Rhodes, a former deputy national security adviser to Barack Obama, drew attention to the resignation last year of Trump’s campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, who also had links to Russia. He tweeted: “When campaign chairman and NSA both resign over Russia ties there is more. Manafort and Flynn had nothing in common except Russia and Trump.”
Ben Cardin, ranking Democrat on the Senate foreign relations committee, described Russia’s election meddling as “a political Pearl Harbor” and said he had filed a bill to set up a 9/11-style commission to investigate it.

Trump named retired Lt Gen Keith Kellogg as the acting national security adviser. Kellogg had previously been appointed the NSC chief of staff and advised Trump during the campaign. Trump is also reportedly considering the former CIA director David Petraeus and Vice Adm Robert Harward, a navy Seal, for the post.
The Kremlin had confirmed that Flynn was in contact with Kislyak but denied that they talked about lifting sanctions. On Tuesday, Konstantin Kosachev, chairman of the foreign affairs committee in the upper chamber of the Russian parliament, said in a post on Facebook that firing a national security adviser for his contacts with Russia is “not just paranoia but something even worse”.
Kosachev also expressed frustration at the Trump administration: “Either Trump hasn’t found the necessary independence and he’s been driven into a corner … or Russophobia has permeated the new administration from top to bottom.”
The president broke his silence with a tweet that attempted to deflect attention: “The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?”
Flynn was often an angry, outspoken warmup act for Trump at his election campaign rallies. At last year’s Republican national convention in Cleveland, he encouraged members to chant “Lock her up!”, in reference to Hillary Clinton.





ARTICLE
It seems the Earth has a sense of irony. “Record-breaking heat” is possible at the People’s Climate March in DC on Saturday, where thousands of people are planning to protest against the president’s climate change policies on his 100th day in office. Trump’s initiatives include, but are not limited to, a 31% cut in the Environmental Protection Agency and potentially leaving the Paris climate agreement.
Among those suffering in the heat will be former vice-president Al Gore and, apparently, Leonardo DiCaprio. It is likely to take a titanic effort to change the other Wolf of Wall Street’s mind, however, as Trump has repeatedly said that the inception of climate change had nothing to do with mankind. Only 1,361 more days of this to go!
A group of senators, including Resistance regular Bernie Sanders, this week unveiled legislation that aims to transition to 100% clean and renewable energy by 2050.
Hundreds of thousands of immigrants and their allies will be striking and marching around the country on 1 May. The May Day protests are traditionally led by unions and labor groups, but this year – galvanized by the Trump administration – immigration, racial justice, gender equality and LGBT groups will be playing a big part.
Demonstrations will take place in a number of states. Activist groups are launching a “Corporate Backers of Hate Campaign” on the same day, which will see demonstrations at the offices of companies seen to be supporting or benefiting from the Trump presidency. Targets include JP Morgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Goldman Sachs.
Trump will be met by thousands of Luke Skywalkers, Hans Solos, and, depending on individuals’ tastes, Jar Jar Binkses when he returns to New York City next week. 
It’s the president’s first trip to his home city since inauguration day but he will be met by protests. Given Trump’s visit comes on 4 May (May the fourth be with you, etc), organizers have called for activists to come clad in Star Wars gear.
The president, a noted fan of heavy machinery, will be visiting the USS Intrepid aircraft carrier-cum-museum with the Australian prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull. The NYPD says it costs $308,000 a day to protect Trump during his New York jaunts.
There has been a 1,035% spike in Islamophobic incidents at US borders during Trump’s first 100 days, according to the Council on American-Islamic relations (Cair).
In a press conference on Thursday Cair’s executive director, Nihad Awad, said the group, which he founded in 1994, had “never seen a spike” under any previous administration. A coalition of Muslim organizations is holding a two-day meeting in Washington on 1-2 May when they will lobby elected representatives to take action.
• “Trump is the worst thing that could have happened to the planet,” writes climate activist Bill McKibben, but his catastrophic attitude towards the environment has at least forced politicians, and some private enterprises, to step up.
• In related news, the Trump administration is considering allowing oil and gas companies to drill off the Atlantic seaboard. The president has ordered his interior department to “review offshore areas potentially rich in fossil fuels that were put out of reach of drilling by Barack Obama’s administration”, according to Oliver Milman.
On Wednesday the government launched a new hotline for people to report crimes committed by “illegal aliens”. 
It appears to be another anti-immigrant step by the Trump administration – but the plan was reportedly thwarted when people called the hotline to report UFO sightings. Or sightings of Superman. Or Big Foot. You get the idea.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump promised a “new chapter of American greatness” in a speech to Congress that sought to reset relations with his opponents – but was swiftly condemned for inaccurate claims and a lack of detail.
In a scene that was unthinkable a year ago, when the businessman was a political novice facing much hostility in his own party, Trump gave his first address to senators and members of congress and received cheers as he attacked Barack Obama’s legacy.
The tone was arguably Trump’s most presidential yet, with the dark vision of “American carnage” in his inaugural address giving way to an attempt at an optimistic theme of “American greatness” as the country nears its 250th birthday in 2026. 
The raw economic nationalism of his chief political strategist, Steve Bannon, was notably sweetened for politicians’ palates on both sides of the aisle. “This was Steve Bannon on steroids, with a smile,” Tom Perez, the new Democratic party chair, told the MSNBC channel later.
But there was audible dissent from Democrats when Trump derided Obama’s healthcare policy, claimed he was “draining the swamp” in Washington, called for an end to “trivial fights” – despite his regular Twitter spats – and said he was setting up a group to represent victims of crimes committed by immigrants.
Trump, wearing a blue and white striped tie instead of his trademark red, entered the House chamber to cheers from Republican members, a smile from the House speaker, Paul Ryan, and grin from Vice-President Mike Pence. Many Democratic women wore white, a nod to the suffrage movement and the ongoing struggle for equality. It was a scene utterly transformed from Obama’s final state of the union address last year.
“I am here tonight to deliver a message of unity and strength, and it is a message deeply delivered from my heart,” Trump said, sticking fairly closely to a prepared text. “A new chapter of American greatness is now beginning. A new national pride is sweeping across our nation. And a new surge of optimism is placing impossible dreams firmly within our grasp. What we are witnessing today is the renewal of the American spirit,” he claimed.
Trump mourned what he called the mistakes of recent decades: a shrinking middle class, inner city decline, open borders, spending trillions overseas. But, he said, the earth shifted beneath our feet in 2016 – there was a “rebellion” with a crucial demand, “that America must put its own citizens first ... because only then can we truly make America great again”.
Trump pointed with his finger, Republicans rose to applaud and Democrats sat unmoved as the president painted a rosy future. “Dying industries will come roaring back to life. Heroic veterans will get the care they so desperately need. Our military will be given the resources its brave warriors so richly deserve.
“Crumbling infrastructure will be replaced with new roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and railways gleaming across our very, very beautiful land. Our terrible drug epidemic will slow down and ultimately stop. And our neglected inner cities will see a rebirth of hope, safety, and opportunity. Above all else, we will keep our promises to the American people.”
Trump claimed that since his inauguration, numerous companies had announced that they would invest “billions and billions of dollars” in the US and create tens of thousands of new jobs. But a Bloomberg analysis has found most of these cases predate Trump, do not actually create jobs, or have nothing to do with him.
When the president claimed he had already begun to “drain the swamp” of government corruption, there was some sarcastic laughter from Democrats, who could see in attendance his cabinet, with its strong Wall Street and boardroom connections.
Trump repeated his promise to soon begin the construction of “a great, great wall” on the Mexican border and said gang members, drug dealers and criminals were currently being deported. “Bad ones are going out as I speak tonight,” he said.
In a marked shift from Obama, he used the phrase “radical Islamic terrorism” with relish, pausing after each word for dramatic effect, when promising to protect the American people. 
He did not seek to defend his travel ban in detail – a new version is expected on Wednesday – but he defended the principle: “It is not compassionate, but reckless, to allow uncontrolled entry from places where proper vetting cannot occur ... We cannot allow a beachhead of terrorism to form inside America – we cannot allow our nation to become a sanctuary for extremists.”
Trump then shifted to claim he had inherited a mess: from 94 million Americans out of the labour force (this appears to include retired people and students), to high national debt, to a trade deficit of nearly $800bn to “tragic foreign policy disasters”. 
He attempted to strike a conciliatory, bipartisan note, gesturing towards Democrats as he said: “Solving these, and so many other pressing problems, will require us to work past the differences of party.”
But soon enough there was a dubious claim. “Right now, American companies are taxed at one of the highest rates anywhere in the world.” In fact, the US is not even in the 30 highest-taxed nations in the world, according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. 
“My economic team is developing historic tax reform that will reduce the tax rate on our companies so they can compete and thrive anywhere and with anyone. It will be a big, big cut. At the same time, we will provide massive tax relief for the middle class.”
A conservative thinktank, the Tax Foundation, has found half of Trump’s tax cuts would go to the top 1% of earners, while most families below the top 20% of earners would have income gains of less than 1%.
Trump recalled the former president Dwight Eisenhower for initiating the last truly big national infrastructure programme – the building of the interstate highway system. “The time has come for a new programme of national rebuilding,” he said. “I will be asking the Congress to approve legislation that produces a $1tn investment in the infrastructure of the United States – financed through both public and private capital – creating millions of new jobs.”
However, Chuck Schumer, the Democratic minority leader in the Senate, said after the speech that he had submitted an infrastructure proposal to Trump and heard nothing back. “The speech and the reality have never been more detached in a presidential speech,” he told MSNBC. “What the president says and what the president does are almost at opposite ends.”
Trump gave Democrats futher cause for grievance by hammering Obamacare, prompting Republicans to stand and cheer. “I am calling on all Democrats and Republicans in the Congress to work with us to save Americans from this imploding Obamacare disaster,” he said, gesturing towards the disgruntled Democrats, two of whom gave a thumbs down sign.
In an attempt to be upbeat, Trump said: “Everything that is broken in our country can be fixed. Every problem can be solved. And every hurting family can find healing, and hope.
“Our citizens deserve this, and so much more – so why not join forces to finally get the job done and get it done right? On this and so many other things, Democrats and Republicans should get together and unite for the good of our country, and for the good of the American people.”
It was a plea that echoed Obama’s own dismay at the ugly and rancourous divisions in Washington. Trump said he wanted to work with both parties to make childcare accessible and affordable, to help ensure new parents have paid family leave, to invest in women’s health and to promote clean air and clear water – yet hours earlier, Trump had signed an executive order to review the clean water rule, designed by Obama to protect streams, wetlands and sources of drinking water.
Trump began by deploring attacks on Jewish cemeteries and an apparently racist murder in Kansas, describing the US as a country divided on policies but “united in condemning hate and evil in all its forms”. However, he made little reference to race except to call for both parties to pass an education bill that funds school choice for disadvantaged youth, including millions of African American and Latino children. “Education is the civil rights issue of our time.”
He also made clear his law and order priorities, albeit in more measured tones than on the campaign trail. “We must work with – not against, not against – the men and women of law enforcement,” he said. “We must build bridges of cooperation and trust – not drive the wedge of disunity and division. It’s pure unadulterated division. We have to unify.”
However, there were groans from Democrats when Trump said he had asked the Department of Homeland Security to create an office to serve American victims, known as Voice – Victims Of Immigration Crime Engagement. “We are providing a voice to those who have been ignored by our media, and silenced by special interests.”
Just as at last year’s Republican national convention, the families of victims were in the public gallery. But the biggest applause, and most poignant moment of the night, came when Trump singled out Carryn Owens, the widow of a US Navy Seal, Ryan Owens, killed in a controversial raid in Yemen.
“Ryan’s legacy is etched into eternity,” Trump said. Carryn Owens sobbed and gazed heavenward, whispering “love you” as Trump’s daughter Ivanka sought to console her and Congress stood and applauded for long moments.
Trump added: “And Ryan is looking down right now, you know that, and he’s very happy because I think he just broke a record.”
The president reaffirmed America’s support for Nato despite having cast doubt on the organisation in the past. He said its partners must meet their financial obligations. “And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that.” He went off script to add: “In fact, I can tell you the money is pouring in.”
Summing up, Trump returned to the theme of America’s approaching 250th anniversary. “When we celebrate our 250 years of glorious freedom, we will look back on tonight as when this new chapter of American greatness began,” he said. “The time for small thinking is over.”
The president who has clashed with gold star families, Miss Universe and celebrities on Twitter, as well as waging war on the media over the size of his inauguration crowd, added: “The time for trivial fights is behind us.”
• This article was amended on 2 March 2017. An earlier version referred to the Clean Water Act where the clean water rule was meant.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump signaled Tuesday he was open to legislation that would allow some undocumented immigrants to stay in the US without fear of deportation. If adopted, such a proposal would be a major shift in position from Trump’s pledges of mass deportation.
Details emerged late Tuesday before Trump’s first presidential address to Congress, at a meeting with television news anchors. The proposal would allow people who have not been convicted of a serious or violent crime to stay in the US legally, gain employment and pay taxes.
Sarah Huckabee Sanders, deputy press secretary, did not deny the reports. She told reporters she could not comment specifically “but I do know the president’s been very clear in his process that the immigration system is broken, it needs massive reform and he’s made clear he’s open to having conversations about that in moving forward”.
Sanders did not specify whether such a compromise proposal would be included in Trump’s speech Tuesday. 
She added: “Until I’ve had an opportunity to have that conversation with the president, I’m not going to speculate on what that would look like.”
A White House official had said on Monday that Trump’s speech would address his plan to reform healthcare, grow the military and strengthen the border, without identifying a specific change of policy on immigration. 
The official said the president had drawn inspiration for his address from conversations he has had with “healthcare industry leaders, law enforcement officials, coalminers, other union representatives and frontline workers”.
Trump is also expected to take credit for swiftly acting on a string of pledges he made to supporters during the campaign.
The speech to Congress follows a dizzying first 40 days in office that have included a public spat over the size of his inaugural crowd, sustained and widespread protests against his presidency, a hasty rollout of his travel ban that caused chaos at airports and was later blocked by courts, diplomatic flare-ups with Mexico, Australia, Sweden and France, the resignation of his national security adviser and renewed questions about his administration’s ties to Russia.
Sanders said Trump had the afternoon to practice and make any last minute changes to the speech. “The president will be presenting a forward-looking vision to the American people,” she said. “He’s already proved that he can bring results and relief to this country and a wave of optimism is surging across the country in response.
“The president will specifically ask Congress to join him in coming up with and implementing solutions to restart the engine of our economy, provide more access to quality affordable healthcare, expand educational opportunities to every child no matter their zip code, and unite with law enforcement and the military to protect our communities and our homeland.
“Together with the help of Congress, state and local governments, the president will set our country back on the path to a bright future.”
The Democratic congressional leaders delivered a “prebuttal” to Trump, casting his early weeks in office as unsuccessful and chaotic. They denounced the president’s actions on immigration, healthcare and taxes, and said they could not envision working with him on any issue.
“If past is prologue, the president will use populist rhetoric in his speech, but he won’t back it up with real actions,” the Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer, said on Monday at the National Press Club.
“He’ll talk like he favors working people, but his actions will desert them. He’ll present himself as a populist, but govern from the hard right.”
Nancy Pelosi, who joined Schumer at the National Press Club, said Democrats were steeled for a four-year battle against Trump’s “reckless agenda and incompetent judgment”.
Inside the historic House chamber on Tuesday night, Trump will deliver his address from behind the speaker’s dais to members of the House and Senate, his cabinet and the supreme court justices. 
The first lady, Melania Trump, will be seated with the widow of the late supreme court justice Antonin Scalia and the family members of three people killed by immigrants who had been in the US illegally. 
In direct contrast to the first lady’s guests, several Democrats have used their spare tickets to invite immigrants affected by Trump’s border security crackdown, foreign citizens ensnared in his travel ban and Americans dependent on the healthcare law he has vowed to repeal.
At least a dozen Democrats are bringing Dreamers, young people who were brought to the country illegally as children.
The Illinois senator Dick Durbin, the ranking member of the Senate immigration subcommittee and a longtime immigration reform advocate, will bring Aaima Sayed, a Muslim Dreamer who was brought to the US from Pakistan when she three years old. 
Thousands of immigrants like Sayed have temporary legal status under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program (Daca), which Trump vowed to repeal during the campaign. He later expressed sympathy for Dreamers and they appear to be exempt from deportation under the administration’s immigration crackdown. However, Democrats and immigration rights groups do not trust the president to keep his word.
The Democrats’ efforts are being led by the Rhode Island congressman Jim Langevin, who said he wanted to put a human face on Trump’s policies, which have inspired protests at airports and in town halls across the country. Langevin will bring Ehsun Mirza, a Muslim American critical care doctor originally from Pakistan. 
“I hope that his presence on February 28th will serve as a reminder to the President that true Americans come in every color and creed – and not all are born here,” Langevin said in a statement. 
Other Democratic guests will include Sara Yarjani, an Iranian graduate student who was detained for 23 hours at Los Angeles international airport under the ban that had gone into effect hours before her arrival. Yarjani, who will be a guest of the California representative Judy Chu, was sent back to Vienna, Austria, where she had been visiting family, and was allowed to return only after a federal judge granted a temporary reprieve of the order. 
In a show of party unity, the representative Keith Ellison on Monday announced that he would bring the DNC chairman, Tom Perez, as his guest to the address. Perez narrowly defeated Ellison to be chairman of the DNC on Saturday after a months-long contest to lead the still-divided party.
Democrats will respond to the speech with remarks in English by the former Kentucky governor Steven Beshear, who lowered insurance rates in his state with the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, and in Spanish by Astrid Silva, an immigration activist and Dreamer from Nevada.



ARTICLE
The conservative congressman Steve King drew bipartisan condemnation for saying “our civilization” couldn’t be restored “with somebody else’s babies” while the Iowa representative defended his comments and said they were “not about race”. 
On Sunday, King praised the far-right Dutch politician Geert Wilders, who has espoused anti-immigrant and anti-Muslim rhetoric and last month called Moroccans “scum”. 
“Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny,” King wrote on Twitter, linking to another tweet in praise of Wilders. “We can’t restore our civilization with somebody else’s babies.”
Asked to clarify his comments on Monday, King told CNN’s New Day: “I meant exactly what I said, as is always the case.” 
King expanded, saying he had delivered the same message to an audience in Europe. 
“You cannot rebuild your civilization with somebody else’s babies,” he reiterated. “You’ve got to keep your birth rate up, and you need to teach your children your values. In doing so, you can grow your population, you can strengthen your culture, and you can strengthen your way of life.”
A spokesman for the House minority leader, Nancy Pelosi, said King’s “vile racism has no place in decent society, much less in the US Congress”. 
“It’s no accident that communities across America have been threatened by emboldened racists,” the spokesman, Drew Hammill, said. “The GOP leadership must stop accommodating this garbage, and condemn congressman Steve King’s statements in the strongest and most unequivocal terms.”
Through a spokeswoman, the House speaker, Paul Ryan, expressed disagreement with King’s comments. 
“The speaker clearly disagrees and believes America’s long history of inclusiveness is one of its great strengths,” said Ryan’s spokeswoman AshLee Strong in a statement.
By Monday, King’s remarks had drawn condemnation from across the political spectrum, including from his House colleagues in both parties. 
The Florida Republican representative Carlos Curbelo, who is the son of Cuban exiles, addressed King directly on Twitter. 
The Georgia Democratic congressman John Lewis, a civil rights leader, called King’s comments “bigoted” and “racist”. 
Linking to King’s tweet, Lewis wrote on Twitter: “It suggests there is one tradition & one appearance that all humanity should conform to.” 
And the Democratic representative Ted Lieu, who is Asian American, tweeted a photo of his children. 
Jeb Bush, the former Republican presidential candidate, whose wife is from Mexico, said: “America is a nation of immigrants. The sentiment expressed by Steve King doesn’t reflect our shared history or values.” 
On Monday, the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, declined to weigh in when asked about King’s remarks during the daily press briefing.
King had one vocal supporter, however. The former leader of the KKK, David Duke, praised the congressman on Twitter, writing in all caps: “GOD BLESS STEVE KING!!!”
“David Duke isn’t welcome in Iowa,” the Iowa Republican party chairman, Jeff Kaufmann, said in a statement in response to King’s remarks.
“First of all, I do not agree with Congressman King’s statement. We are a nation of immigrants, and diversity is the strength of any nation and any community,” Kaufmann said. “Regarding David Duke, his words and sentiments are absolute garbage. He is not welcome in our wonderful state.”
The Iowa Democratic party called on the state’s GOP delegation to censure King for his comments and remove his name from any future Republican party-sponsored events and fundraisers. 
“King’s remarks come just a week after a synagogue was threatened in Mason City,” the Iowa Democratic party chairman, Derek Eadon, said in a statement. “Iowans are angry. They are scared. They are sick and tired of being associated with King’s despicable behavior.”
King has aligned himself with the European far right before. He met the French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen with fellow a Republican congressman, Dana Rohrabacher, last month in Paris. In September, he posted a photo of himself with Wilders and wrote: “Cultural suicide by demographic transformation must end.”
In October, King deleted a retweet about Britain’s decision to leave the EU and, in December, he expressed his condolences about the loss of the far-right Freedom party in the Austrian presidential election.
King’s tweet follows a televised tirade on MSNBC in July asking what non-white “sub-groups” had contributed to society.
Asked on CNN if he was advancing a theory of white nationalism with his commentary, King disagreed and said his comments were “not about race” but rather about the promotion of “western civilization”.
“This is an effort on the left, I think, to break down the American civilization, the American culture and turn it into something entirely different,” King said. “I’m a champion for western civilization.” 
King continued his defense, lamenting what he viewed as too much focus on race, especially by liberals during the Obama era. 
“If you go down the road a few generations or maybe centuries with the intermarriage, I’d like to see an America that [is] so homogenous that we look a lot the same from that perspective,” he said. “I think there’s far too much focus on race, especially in the last eight years. I want to see that put behind us.”



ARTICLE
Iowa’s public universities would need to consider political party affiliation when hiring new faculty members, under a bill proposed by a Republican state senator.
State senator Mark Chelgren said the measure was an attempt to counter the liberal slant at the state’s three public universities.
“My goal isn’t to eliminate speech on the other side of the equation, but we have to have balanced speech,” said Chelgren, from Ottumwa.
Under SF 288, the universities would use voter registration information when considering job applicants, and could not make any hire that would cause declared Democrats or Republicans on the faculty to outnumber the other party by more than 10%.
Veronica Fowler, communications director for the ACLU of Iowa, called the bill “extreme”.
“It is obviously unconstitutional,” she said. “You can’t hire or fire people at a public university based on their political affiliation.”
State senator Herman Quirmbach, the ranking Democrat on the education committee, said the proposal amounted to a political litmus test.
“I’m very much opposed to this. I think it’s an ominous threat to academic freedom, not to mention the personal privacy of faculty members,” said Quirmbach, who is also an associate professor of economics at Iowa State.
Iowa backed Donald Trump in November by nine percentage points in the presidential election, and Republicans took control of the governorship and both houses of the state legislature for the first time since 1998.
Republicans have moved fast since consolidating power in Des Moines, passing legislation last week to scale back collective bargaining rights for the state’s public workers.
Iowa’s move to the right runs counter to the prevailing political views on university faculties, Chelgren said.
Chelgren said that faculty members who supported Trump have told him they have found the atmosphere on campus intimidating. Faculty who voted for Trump said they risked not getting tenure if they made their political views known, according to Chelgren.
In an email to the Guardian, Thomas E Vaughn, president of the faculty senate at the University of Iowa, said: “I am not aware of, either directly or anecdotally, any instances of political intimidation or payback directed at University of Iowa faculty as a result of the election.”
The Iowa board of regents, which oversees the three public universities, also opposed the bill.
“We expect our universities to hire the most qualified faculty to teach our students, and we believe in diversity of thought,” Josh Lehman, the senior communications director for the regents, said in a statement.
Declaring your party affiliation in Iowa is as simple as filling out a voter registration form, and Chelgren conceded that job applicants could simply switch their registration from Democrat to Republican, or register as independent.
In fact, Chelgren said, he would encourage professors to register as independents to remind them that they are supposed to give students a balance of viewpoints.
Quirmbach agreed that professors need to give students a diversity of viewpoints, but added politics is simply not part of the discussion in most academic disciplines.
The economics professor said Chelgren’s proposal had already damaged the reputation of the state’s public universities in academic circles, making recruiting top faculty more difficult. 
In North Carolina, a state senator made a proposal similar to Chelgren’s during debate on the makeup of the University of North Carolina’s board of governors this week. The amendment, offered by state senator Ralph Hise, a Republican, would cover hiring at state universities, and stated: “Those faculty designated as tenure-track hired and granted tenure at each constituent institution shall reflect the ideological balance of the citizens of the State.”
The amendment would bar a university from “a faculty ideological balance of greater or less than two percent of the ideological balance of the state”.
The measure was tabled.
Hise said he introduced the amendment simply to make a point about the fallacies of setting aside spots on the board of governors for different demographic groups, the Associated Press reported.
In Iowa, Chelgren’s bill was read for the first time this week in the state senate, and then referred to the education committee. If passed, it would affect the University of Iowa, Iowa State and the University of Northern Iowa.



ARTICLE
The former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg has urged world leaders not to follow Donald Trump’s lead on climate change, and declared his own intention to stave off the “tragedy” that would be the collapse of the Paris climate deal.
The billionaire said in an interview there was no political motive tied to the release of his new book, Climate of Hope: How Cities, Businesses, and Citizens Can Save the Planet, which is co-authored with the Sierra Club executive director, Carl Pope.
“I’m not running for office,” the 75-year-old said, who considered a 2016 presidential bid after serving three terms as mayor of New York.
His new book, he said, offers a specific policy objective: to help save the Paris climate agreement, which was signed a year ago.
Under the deal, the US pledged that by 2025 it would reduce its annual greenhouse gas emissions by 26% to 28% below 2005 levels, which would be a reduction of about 1.6bn tons.
The Trump White House is debating whether to abandon the pact, as the president promised during his campaign. This week, days before thousands of protesters around the US marched in support of scientific research, a meeting on the issue was abruptly cancelled.
On Sunday, a White House official told Reuters Trump would sign several executive orders on energy this week. In March, Trump signed an executive order to roll back Obama-era climate change regulations such as the clean power plan.
“This builds on previous executive actions that have cleared the way for job-creating pipelines, innovations in energy production and reduced unnecessary burden on energy producers,” the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. 
Bloomberg said he believed the US would hit its Paris goals regardless of what Trump chooses to do, because of leadership at the state level and market forces at play in the private sector.
“Washington won’t determine the fate of our ability to meet our Paris commitment,” he said. “And what a tragedy it would be if the failure to understand that led to an unraveling of the agreement. We hope this book will help to correct that wrong impression – and help save the Paris deal.”
Bloomberg has played a prominent role in some of the fiercest US policy debates, having invested millions in an advocacy group that pushes for stronger gun control and another that promotes liberal immigration policies. In his new book, which follows what a spokeswoman described as $80m in donations to the Sierra Club, he solidifies his status as a prominent advocate of action to combat climate change.
His policy repertoire aligns him with core values of the Democratic party, although he has no formal political affiliation.
In the interview, Bloomberg shrugged off conservatives who condemn him as an east coast elitist. He noted that policies he helped initiate in New York City – including a smoking ban and high taxes on sugary drinks – have caught on elsewhere.
“My goal has been to save and improve lives,” he said. “Some ways of doing that can be controversial at first, but end up being highly popular and successful.”
In his focus on climate change, Bloomberg directs particularly aggressive language at the coal industry.
“I don’t have much sympathy for industries whose products leave behind a trail of diseased and dead bodies,” he writes in his book, adding: “But for everyone’s sake, we should aim to put them out of business.”
Similar language haunted Hillary Clinton’s presidential bid last year and fueled criticism from Trump and other top Republicans that Democrats were engaged in a “war on coal”.
Asked about the consequences for politicians who embrace such a stance, Bloomberg offered a pragmatic approach.
“The fact is coal in Appalachia is running out,” he said, criticizing a Trump campaign pledge: “Washington can’t put generations of people back to work in a dying industry.”
Saying coalminers “have paid a terrible price” for their work and the decline of the industry, Bloomberg disclosed for the first time plans to donate $3m to organizations that help unemployed miners and their communities find new economic opportunities. Bloomberg Philanthropies highlights the plight of coalminers in a new film to be shown at the Tribeca film festival on Wednesday.
He avoided condemning the Trump administration directly, however, largely casting the new president’s steps on climate change as irrelevant. Asked about Bloomberg’s statements, the White House declined to comment.
“As it turns out, Trump’s election makes the book’s message – that the most important solutions lie outside of Washington – even more important and urgent,” Bloomberg said.



ARTICLE
Few will have missed David Frum’s dystopian cover story for the Atlantic, but many of the people passing it around on social media may not remember that Frum coined the term “axis of evil” as a George W Bush speechwriter. Backing away from his support for the Iraq war for over a decade, Frum has finally completed the transition from loyal rightwing foot soldier to Trump critic.
He’s not alone. One subplot that has gone unnoticed in this week of outrages is how much discomfort Trump’s executive orders on immigration are causing in segments of the right. 
In particular, some libertarians are looking queasily at Trump’s discriminatory executive orders, his reckless sabre-rattling, and his big-spending plans and venting their concerns publicly. But even diehard religious conservatives and culture warriors are wondering who is in charge in Trump’s inner circle, and whether they really know what they are doing. 
This may not last – already some of the most bitter critics of Trump during the campaign have decided to throw their lot in with him, because ultimately, they hate the left even more. 
Publication: The New York Times
Author: Ross Douthat is the conservative voice on the New York Times’s op-ed page. He’s also a convert to Catholicism whose conservative zeal possibly outstrips the pope’s, a master of the upper-middlebrow reactionary style originated by William F Buckley, and the owner of a Twitter account specializing in bad predictions and more-in-sorrow-than-in-anger sermonizing. On the few occasions where all of this isn’t simply unbearable, Douthat can surprise his readers by being right. 
Why you should read it: Against the apocalyptic grain of so much that has been written since Trump took the wheel, Douthat points to signs of incompetence, unpopularity and instability, and wonders how long he’ll last. 
Extract: “But nothing about Trumpian populism to date suggests that it has either the political skill or the popularity required to grind its opposition down. In which case, instead of Putin, the more relevant case study might be former President Mohamed Morsi of Egypt, the Muslim Brotherhood leader whose brief tenure was defined both by chronic self-sabotage and by the active resistance of the Egyptian bureaucracy and intelligentsia, which rendered governance effectively impossible.”
Publication: Bleeding Heart Libertarians
Author: Steve Horwitz is an academic economist at St Lawrence University in New York. Along with the Austrian School, Horwitz has long identified as a “bleeding heart libertarian”, attuned to social justice issues as well as the need to shrink government. This position might be hard for progressives to wrap their heads around, but Horwitz does his best to explain it to a wider public as a contributor to the bleeding heart libertarians blog. 
Why you should read it: Horwitz is frustrated, and more than a little alarmed, that his fellow libertarians are not taking Trump seriously as a unique threat to their vision of freedom. He takes the opportunity to offer them a few home truths, and to urge them to at least consider cooperation with the left against a common enemy. 
Extract: “Too many libertarians hate the left more than they love liberty. One response I’ve heard to my pushing back on their take on Trump is that ‘well Obama/Clinton was/would have been worse!’ No, actually he wasn’t and I don’t think she would have been. Yes, they might have expanded the regulatory state, but there would be no revival of torture, no wall, no registry, no trade war, no attempt to muzzle the media, etc. Trump is a tin-pot dictator wannabe (and starting to be), without an ounce of knowledge or respect for constitutional limits on government, who threatens the foundational institutions of the liberal order. Obama was not. Clinton is not. I confess to some schadenfreude myself as the left squirms in the aftermath of a defeat they didn’t see coming. But every time Trump opens his mouth, the fundamental threat to liberty he and his supporters embody overwhelms that. Now, more than ever, libertarians need good-hearted, open-minded people on the left as allies in an attempt to preserve the things we agree on. We should never let our frustrations with the left become more important than preserving the liberal order.”
Publication: Reason
Author: Nick Gillespie is a big wheel in the Libertarian movement. He’s the editor-in-chief at Reason, and is a Daily Beast columnist. Naturally he is on good terms with Reason’s backers, the Kochs. 
Why you should read it: Gillespie adds to the sense that Trump’s recent actions are making libertarians uneasy. Surveying examples of Republicans who have voiced skepticism about Trump’s measures, Gillespie makes sure to hammer home the message that Trump’s executive orders don’t appear to have any connection with the actual sources of terrorism. (It’s a similar point that the liberal wonks at Vox appeared to be driving at earlier this week, and in a since-deleted tweet saying he “picked the wrong countries”). In any case, those looking for slow cracks on the right might start here. 
Extract: “Criticism is almost always more important when it comes from within a person’s political party or ideology. It’s a sharp sign that the person being criticized has wandered into some deep and dangerous territory. That’s certainly the case with Trump and his orders on sanctuary cities … and on immigration and refugee policy. The laws were not just poorly phrased and timed, they clearly will not work to address the basic issues they ostensibly are meant to ameliorate. As Anthony Fisher noted here earlier today, the US embassy in Iraq has said that Trump’s action is a recruitment tool for jihadists, as pro-American Middle Easterners realize they’re being hung out to dry. As for keeping America safe from terrorists entering the country as refugees, the fact is the country has an incredibly safe record.”
Publication: Commentary
Author: A couple of months ago we offered some faint praise in our bio of Mr Rothman, and he was kind enough to give us a shout-out on Twitter. Hi again, Noah! He’s still the assistant online editor at Commentary, and he’s still not sold on Trump. 
Why you should read it: Some viral conspiracy theories suggested that the shambolic implementation of Trump’s poorly conceived executive orders on immigration were part of some 11-dimensional chess game. Rothman shows more gorm: sometimes chaos is just chaos. 
Extract: “The businessman-president is supposed to be, above all else, competent. There was none of that evident in the terrible implementation of the president’s executive order banning entry into the U.S. of not just refugees but visa holders and legal permanent residents from seven Islamic world nations. The merits of this policy are dubious even to those Americans who believe in an abundance of caution when it comes to preventing potential terrorists from infiltrating the United States. Merits aside, the implementation of this policy was stunningly inept.”
Publication: National Review
Author: David French bemoaned Trump’s nomination, threatened to run as an independent candidate against him, and subsequently complained about his supporters harassing him. Apparently time heals all wounds. 
Why you should read it: Read this as a reminder: even when we occasionally agree, most progressives’ values fundamentally depart from those of conservatives, and they can get over their antipathy for someone on their own side far more quickly than they can get over their suspicion of the left, and their obsessions. French shows us how flexible the meaning of the #NeverTrump movement actually is – he celebrates Trump’s consummation of one of his key campaign messages, and indulges in some seedy xenophobia, as his publication desperately tries to stay relevant. 
Extract: “Trump’s order was not signed in a vacuum. Look at the Heritage Foundation’s interactive timeline of Islamist terror plots since 9/11. Note the dramatic increase in planned and executed attacks since 2015. Now is not the time for complacency. Now is the time to take a fresh look at our border-control and immigration policies. Trump’s order isn’t a betrayal of American values. Applied correctly and competently, it can represent a promising fresh start and a prelude to new policies that protect our nation while still maintaining American compassion and preserving American friendships.”



ARTICLE
A day after thousands marched in cities across the US to demand the president release his tax returns, Donald Trump used Twitter to say “someone should look into who paid” for the rallies.
 Trump wrote: “I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again? 
“Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday.”
The Tax March rallies were organised through social media by a professor at Vermont Law School, Jennifer Taub, and comedian Frank Lesser. Taub’s husband, the artist Michael Kuch, designed a poster.
Trump, who beat Hillary Clinton in the electoral college despite losing the popular vote by nearly 3m ballots, was the first major-party nominee in more than 40 years not to release his tax returns, reneging on a campaign commitment to release them. 
The release of tax returns by presidential candidates is not mandatory. Trump repeatedly said his returns were being audited, precluding their release. Audits do not prevent the release of tax returns. 
In January, senior aide Kellyanne Conway said the president would not be releasing his tax records, because “people didn’t care”. Portions of Trump tax returns have been obtained by the New York Times and MSNBC.
On Saturday, in marches held in Washington DC, Los Angeles and in cities worldwide, thousands demanded a chance to examine Trump’s business ties and determine whether he has links to foreign powers. 
Such concerns have been piqued in recent days after Prospect magazine published an interview with Sir Richard Dearlove. 
The former chief of Britain’s MI6 intelligence agency said: “What lingers for Trump may be what deals – on what terms – he did after the financial crisis of 2008 to borrow Russian money when others in the west apparently would not lend to him.”
The FBI and both houses of Congress are investigating ties between Trump aides and Russia.
Appearing on CNN’s State of the Union on Sunday, the Vermont senator Bernie Sanders said: “The American people need to understand what kind of involvement Trump’s business dealings have abroad and what kind of leverage those dealings may have on his policies as president of the United States.”
Saturday’s tax demonstrations were timed to take place days before Tuesday’s deadline for taxpayers to file their returns. 
A separate pair of protests in Berkeley, California, saw pro-Trump groups and self-described “anti-fascists” clash. Police arrested 13 people. 



ARTICLE
The weeks following the inauguration of the 45th American president have been far from easy for the Republican party. Instead of enjoying the afterglow of victory, the party has contended with the fallout from the ascension of an inexperienced, unpredictable, enraged and lawless leader; opinion polls so low they’re breaking records; the halting of a key executive order by several courts.
And yet. In spite of this apparent opportunity, and in spite of the rise of a powerful resistance movement that has seen record numbers of Americans take to the streets, the course of the post-Hillary, post-Obama Democratic party is far from clear. As different factions work to identify what went wrong and rescue what remains, much is still in doubt, in particular, who is in charge. No one yet has taken the helm.
But last week, in the midst of the contentious confirmation hearing for the attorney general, Jefferson Sessions, a steely display of nerve by Senator Elizabeth Warren offered a glimpse of one possible hopeful future.
In 1986, Coretta Scott King, the widow of Martin Luther King, Jr, gave a statement to a Senate committee led by then-Senator Strom Thurmond, expressing her opposition to Sessions’s nomination for a federal judgeship. King was familiar with Sessions’s work in Alabama, her home, and in her statement she described his racism, writing that he had worked to disenfranchise black voters and that his promotion to the new role would “irreparably damage the work of my husband”.
In 1986, Thurmond failed to file the letter properly in congressional records, causing it to fade from the collective political memory. Sessions’s career continued to rise. But last Tuesday night, as Democrats battled to delay Sessions’s confirmation, Warren began to read King’s 1986 letter out loud, only to be silenced, first by the presiding Senate chair, Steve Daines, and then, when she continued on, by Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, who forced her to conclude her speech by citing an antiquated Senate rule that prevents one senator from “impugning” a colleague.
“She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted,” McConnell said of Warren and indeed she did; after being removed from the Senate floor, Warren went outside into a corridor and continued to read King’s statement in full, streaming it on Facebook Live. Sessions was confirmed on Wednesday, but a wave of support for Warren had already begun to rise up on the 45th president’s favourite communication channel: #LetLizSpeak was trending on Twitter.
It’s not a good time for men to silence a high-profile woman. Not when she’s reading the words of another widely respected woman. Not when the millions of women who took to the streets the day after the inauguration are arguably the best-organised political movement in this chaotic landscape. A movement that might just put its momentum behind a woman who is a bit left of Hillary, a little less socialist than Bernie, brilliant, articulate and indisputably tough. Will Elizabeth Warren persist all the way to the White House?
Her life story is at least fit for purpose. Warren (nee Herring) was born in 1949, in Oklahoma City, the youngest of four children. Her claim to some Native American heritage is undocumented and has been challenged by her opponents. In a 2012 ad, when she was running for the Senate, Warren pointed out that this lack of proof was not unusual: “As a kid, I never asked my mom for documentation when she talked about our Native American heritage. What kid would?But I knew my father’s family didn’t like that she was part Cherokee and part Delaware, so my parents had to elope.”
Warren’s initial forays into adulthood took a traditional path: she dropped out of her first undergraduate course, at George Washington University, to marry her first husband, Jim Warren, when she was just 19. She had her first child shortly after completing her undergraduate degree and her second following her graduation from law school; she studied in Houston and then in New Jersey to accommodate Jim Warren’s career.
Warren practised only briefly as a lawyer; by the time she was 30, her marriage had ended and she was a single mother and law professor at the University of Houston. Meeting her second husband, the Harvard law professor Bruce Mann, brought Warren to Massachusetts: on their 35th wedding anniversary, in 2015, just a couple of weeks after marriage equality was passed by the supreme court, she summed up the flavour of their relationship in a caption on an Instagram post: “When I proposed to him, he said yes... I’ll celebrate living in America where everyone can marry their own Bruce – their best friend, biggest supporter and love of their life.”
Warren entered politics after a long and distinguished academic career; as a professor at Harvard Law School, she concerned herself in particular with the wellbeing of America’s ever-stretched middle classes. It was something that she knew intimately, having grown up in a family that she has described as “teetering on the edge” of their class. And it made her an obvious choice for Barack Obama when he and his administration began to tackle the hard work of cleaning up after the 2008 economic crisis.
As the appointed assistant to the president and special adviser to the secretary of the Treasury, Warren worked to ensure protection for consumers against banks and other financial institutions. In part, this led to the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency that she published an original vision for in 2007. Her success in the first Obama administration fuelled her first run for the Senate in Massachusetts, against the Republican incumbent, Scott Brown; she won his seat in the autumn of 2012.
Measured strictly in terms of legislation, Warren’s impact on the Senate has been relatively small, but in terms of influence, her tenure has been tremendous. Her established expertise and efficacy in Obama’s first term, coupled with her articulate, media-friendly person, have increased her profile. So has her steady dedication to supporting Democratic candidates running in Republican-leaning states. She is known for her presence, her willingness to press flesh, even in contests that seem unwinnable. “Warren is constantly trying to hold her own party accountable,” journalist Sarah Mimms wrote in the Atlantic in 2015, citing this scrupulous approach as an example of what some Republicans feared would be her cross-aisle appeal if she chose to run for president in 2016.
Warren did not run. She waited until June 2016 to endorse Clinton, and was open about her agreement with Bernie Sanders on many issues, but then she went all in: “I am ready to get in this fight and work my heart out for Hillary Clinton to become the next president of the United States.”
And so she did, albeit with caveats: Warren made it clear that she would take Clinton to task if she appointed her friends from Wall Street into influential government jobs. Perhaps this tension was part of the reason that Clinton did not pick Warren as her running mate, despite the occasional Clinton-Warren 2016 signs that still adorn a few windows in New York.
But Warren showed no hesitation to make a public enemy of Trump. In March 2016 she excoriated him in a Facebook post. “Let’s be honest,” she wrote, “Donald Trump is a loser. Count all his failed businesses. See how he kept his father’s empire afloat by cheating people with scams like Trump University and by using strategic corporate bankruptcy (excuse me, bankruptcies) to skip out on debtListen to the experts who’ve concluded he’s so bad at business that he might have more money today if he’d put his entire inheritance into an index fund and just left it alone.”
Trump responded in his signature style of adolescent disparagement, tinged with a streak of racism: he started calling Warren “Pocahontas” the much-mythologised Native American woman who interacted with settlers in the 17th century.
Following congressional protocol, Warren attended Trump’s inauguration, but the next day she was in Boston, giving a blistering speech at the Women’s March. “Yesterday, Donald Trump was sworn in as president,” she said. “That sight is now burned into my eyes forever.” Her words were a rallying cry: “We are here! We will not be silent! We will not play dead! We will fight for what we believe in!”
Sixteen days later, dismissed from the Senate floor for speaking truth to power, Elizabeth Warren showed she is a politician who does not value propriety and hierarchy over the lives of the people she represents. Unlike Hillary Clinton, Warren did not take a long, slow, rule-abiding route to the Senate. Like Obama, she’s a freshman senator with big talent and big dreams. Will the first woman president be one who plays by her own rules, but persists? Last week, after Warren was ejected from the Senate, Trump told Democrat senators: “Pocahontas is now the face of your party.” He meant to insult. But the supposed slur is tinged with fear.• Comments will be opened later
Born Elizabeth Ann Herring in Oklahoma City on 22 June 1949. Married to Bruce Mann, a law professor. Has two children with her first husband, Jim Warren. She had a long academic career, teaching law. In 2012, became the first woman elected to the US Senate from Massachusetts.
Best of times In 1995, she became professor of law at Harvard. The same year, she was asked to advise the National Bankruptcy Review. Since being elected to office, she has enjoyed a high profile, none higher than last week’s opposition to Jefferson Sessions.
Worst of times Early in her first marriage, at home taking care of her children, she struggled to see how she might fulfil her professional ambitions.
What she says “People feel like the system is rigged against them. And here’s the painful part: they’re right. The system is rigged.”
What they say “No other [Senate] candidate in 2012 represents a greater threat to free enterprise than Professor Warren.” The US Chamber of Commerce



ARTICLE
Donald Trump has relied upon a dubious statistic to support his ban on travel to the US from seven majority-Muslim countries, terrorism researchers and databases indicate.
Trump, in his Tuesday night address to Congress, cited unspecified data from the Department of Justice to claim that the “vast majority” of people convicted of terrorism-related offenses in the US since 9/11 “came here from outside of our country”.
Ahead of unveiling a new version of the ban in the coming days, Trump marshalled the statistic to contend that his draconian approach was necessary to prevent a “beachhead of terrorism” inside the US.
Though Trump did not specify the source for his data, several terrorism scholars have identified it as a justice department compilation released last year by Jeff Sessions, now Trump’s attorney general. Neither the justice department nor the White House responded to requests from the Guardian about the statistics.
However, several leading terrorism scholars cautioned that the convictions data in the Sessions document painted an inaccurate picture of terrorism in the United States.
“Those figures are technically correct if you count only international terrorism-related cases as calculated by the Department of Justice, but it is substantively misleading because it doesn’t include domestic terrorism and it does include a large number of cases that pose no threat to the United States,” said Charles Kurzman, a University of North Carolina professor who tallies data on American Muslim extremists. 
“That would include people attempting to travel abroad, financing of movements abroad, sometimes in very small amounts, and a couple hundred cases from the years right after 9/11, with no known link to terrorism, that are nonetheless included on that list.”
The thinktank New America Foundation also keeps a database of those charged with terrorism – not only those convicted of it – in federal courts since 9/11. It focuses on Sunni jihadist terrorism such as efforts by al-Qaida and Isis, excluding terror organizations such as Colombia’s Farc or Lebanon’s Hezbollah, as well as white-supremacist terrorism in the US. 
According to New America’s database, 84% of jihadist terrorism-related offenses in the US since 9/11 are attributable to US citizens or permanent residents. A quarter of such offenders, New America’s researchers found, are converts, “further confirming the challenge cannot be reduced to one of immigration”.
Data kept by the University of Maryland’s National Consortium for the Study of Terrorism and Responses to Terrorism (Start) backs up the New America finding. 
One of its datasets, Profiles of Individual Radicalization in the United States (Pirus) goes far beyond jihadist terrorism, to study 1,500 individuals radicalized in the US from 1948 to 2013. Its definition of radical extremism is far broader than the “radical Islamic terrorism” formulation Trump embraces, including far-right and far-left terrorism. Approximately 90% of its cases are US citizens, and the vast majority natural-born, according to the Pirus researcher Patrick James. 
Restricting the data to post-9/11 instances of domestic radicalization to Sunni jihadist terrorism – also a category broader than terrorism convictions – James found that of 207 cases, 109 were natural-born American citizens. The remaining 98 cases were first-generation immigrants radicalized inside the US. Since the breakdown is in roughly the same proportion to the broader US Muslim community, James said, “you can’t say the first generation is more of an at-risk community”.
Similarly, an intelligence report from the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) undercuts the premise of Trump’s ban on immigration from seven majority-Muslim countries. DHS’s bureau of intelligence and analysis (I&A) concluded that “country of citizenship is unlikely to be a reliable indicator of potential terrorist activity”.
Citing US justice department press releases on convictions since the Syrian civil war began in 2011, DHS intelligence analysts found that “slightly more than half” of 82 people identified as convicted of terrorism offenses in the US or killed in the pursuit of them were “native-born United States citizens”.
Citizens of the seven banned countries were “rarely implicated in US-based terrorism”. Iran, Sudan and Yemen each had one. Syria had none. Somalia had three such citizens; Iraq, which Trump is considering exempting from the revised ban, had two. 
Gillian Christensen, a DHS spokesperson, dismissed the analysis as “commentary from open source reporting versus an official, robust document with thorough interagency sourcing. The I&A report does not include data from other intelligence community sources. It is clear on its face that is an incomplete product that fails to find evidence of terrorism by simply refusing to look at all the available evidence.”
Several researchers believe Trump’s citation derived from a June 2016 Senate subcommittee tally tallying 580 people convicted of terrorism-related charges from 9/11 to 2014. That tally, led by then-senator Sessions, found 73% of convicts were foreign born. 
The University of Maryland’s James called the tally a “dubious” overcount.
“Just looking at some of the cases, a lot of them weren’t charged with anything related to terrorism. Sometimes bringing a case to court, they’ll just be charged with something like illegal weapons possession or fraud or embezzlement that they may think had something to do with terrorism, but it’s not actually brought to court, so it becomes hard to count. It becomes kind of a moving target,” James said.
The New America Foundation’s David Sterman said Trump was applying “a kitchen-sink approach to cases that are often neither actually terrorism cases nor cases that demonstrate a need for the travel ban” but instead “justify his preferred policy position, when more detailed examination of the origins of jihadist terrorism in the US find they’re overwhelmingly US citizens or legal residents.”
Narrowing in on fatalities caused by Muslim terrorists in the US since 9/11, the University of North Carolina’s Kurzman observed, “only one-sixth were due to immigrants and most of those, within that one-sixth, would not have been caught by ‘extreme vetting’, because they arrived as children. 
“Of the seven countries still being considered [for the travel ban], there have been no fatalities at all from the United States caused by immigrants from those countries or immigrants’ children or grandchildren.” 



ARTICLE
A senior White House adviser to Donald Trump is registered to vote in two different states, a practice that the US president wrongly claimed amounted to electoral fraud on Wednesday as he called for an inquiry.
Stephen Bannon registered to vote in New York shortly before the presidential election last year, after the Guardian disclosed that he was registered to vote at a vacant house in Florida where his ex-wife had once lived. 
Bannon, whose registration lists a rented apartment in Manhattan as his address, cast his ballot for Trump in New York, according to a source familiar with his arrangements, who was not authorized to speak to the media. 
Bannon, however, also remains registered to vote in Florida, according to state records. His registration lists as his address the home of Andy Badolato, a friend of Bannon’s who has worked on some of his political documentary films and written for Breitbart News, the far-right website that Bannon controlled before entering the White House as chief strategist and senior counselor to the president.
His registration in Florida was moved to Badolato’s home shortly after the publication of the Guardian report in August. Bannon has not cast a ballot in Florida, according to state records. Badolato, who was also registered to vote at the home with his adult sons, declined at the time to answer questions on whether Bannon actually lived at the property, which is required under the registration rules of the Florida division of elections. 
In a pair of tweets early on Wednesday morning, Trump said that arrangements such as Bannon’s were unacceptable as he appeared to threaten a crackdown on access to the ballot box.
“I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and … even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!” the president wrote. 
Trump’s statement followed the White House confirming on Tuesday that the president continues to believe the debunked conspiracy theory that millions of people vote illegally in US elections. Trump has repeatedly blamed this fiction for his loss of the national popular vote to Hillary Clinton, his Democratic opponent.
It is not in itself illegal to be registered to vote in two states. It would be illegal to cast ballots in two different states. Many states have their own laws about who qualifies to register to vote in their elections, typically based on whether a person actually lives in a residence there.
A spokeswoman for Bannon did not immediately respond to a request for comment. 



ARTICLE
Four US states are suing the Trump administration over the president’s executive order banning refugees and travelers from a list of predominantly Muslim countries from entering America.
New York, Massachusetts and Virginia on Tuesday joined Washington state on a growing list of states challenging the travel ban that caused chaos at airports in those states and beyond at the weekend as people with valid immigration documents were detained or deported after arriving on flights from overseas.
On Tuesday New York joined a federal lawsuit against Trump’s executive order brought by the American Civil Liberties Union Foundation, the Urban Justice Center and others.
Eric Schneiderman, the New York state attorney general, described the order signed last Friday as “unconstitutional, unlawful, and fundamentally un-American”.
Washington became the first state to sue the White House on Monday. Online retail behemoth Amazon, which is headquartered in Washington, pledged support.
Later on Tuesday, the state of Virginia became a plaintiff in a federal lawsuit filed over an incident on Saturday where two Yemeni brothers arrived at Dulles airport from east Africa with residency green cards, planning to join their father in Michigan, but were blocked by agents enforcing the travel ban and put on a flight back the way they had come. The lawsuit seeks to restore the immigration rights of the brothers and up to 60 others whom lawyers say suffered a similar fate at Dulles at the weekend.

But the state’s intervention also has broader aims, claiming the enforcement of the executive order in general is unlawful and threatens the “health and wellbeing, both physical and economic” of its residents, and its public universities and colleges in particular.
“Virginia has a substantial interest in protecting its public universities and their faculty and students from the academic and fiscal disruption posed by the executive order,” according to the state’s motion.
It complains that the order hampers students who are residents or on student visas from continuing to attend Virginia’s public colleges and universities, and will disrupt academics trying to travel for work, resulting in difficulty in attracting talent to the state and “significant loss of tuition revenue to the commonwealth [Virginia]”, the motion, filed in federal court in Alexandria, stated.
Massachusetts also joined the growing legal effort to block Trump’s order on Tuesday. The state joined a federal lawsuit that had been filed in Boston at the weekend as a result of travelers being detained at Logan airport, including two Iranian academics from the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth.
And the Massachusetts attorney general, Maura Healey, said the state was also filing its own case seeking to have the ban struck down. 
“The executive order is harmful, discriminatory and unconstitutional. It discriminates on the basis of religion and national origin,” Healey said at a press briefing at her office.
She used Twitter to declare the travel ban unconstitutional.
“By filing this suit today, we are fighting for the principles that have made America a beacon of hope and freedom for the world,” she added, saying she hoped other states across the country would do the same, reiterating the sentiments in another tweet.
Healey was joined at the press conference by several local academic, business, medical and advocacy leaders, including the University of Massachusetts president, Marty Meehan, who said the executive order undermined the university’s mission and tweeted his support for the federal challenge.
The Massachusetts governor, Charlie Baker, also issued a statement of support for the attorney general’s action.
Friday’s abrupt executive order, signed by Trump around 4.30pm, banned refugees from entering the US for four months and banned refugees from Syria indefinitely. It also barred travelers, initially including permanent US residents, who are citizens of Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Yemen and Syria or dual citizens of those countries and another non-US country from entering America.
Many who were already flying to the US when the order was signed were detained on arrival at US airports, in New York, Los Angeles, Atlanta, Houston, Boston, Seattle and elsewhere. Many were denied boarding on to US-bound flights or were taken off the planes by security officials before the flights took off, citing instructions relayed from border agents in the US, sparking protests in the US at the weekend.
“We are seeing progressive states that want to stand up for their communities and it’s a really powerful action,” said Melissa Keaney of the National Immigration Law Center, which was involved in the federal lawsuit filed against the executive order on Saturday night in New York.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s chief of staff asked the FBI to deny media reports that campaign advisers were frequently in touch with Russian intelligence agents during the election, a White House official has said.
Reince Priebus’s discussion with the FBI’s deputy director, Andrew McCabe, has sparked outrage, with some Democrats saying he violated policies intended to limit communications between the law enforcement agency and the White House on pending investigations.
The official who spoke late on Thursday would not comment when asked if the administration was concerned about the appropriateness of Priebus’s communications with McCabe. The official was not authorised to disclose the matter publicly and insisted on anonymity. The FBI would not say whether it had contacted the White House about the veracity of the Times report.
When asked about the matter, the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, was quoted by CNN as saying: “We didn’t try to knock the story down. We asked them to tell the truth.”
John Conyers, the top Democrat on the House judiciary committee, said: “The White House is simply not permitted to pressure the FBI to make public statements about a pending investigation of the president and his advisers.”
A 2009 memo from the then attorney general Eric Holder says the Justice Department should advise the White House on pending criminal or civil investigations “only when it is important for the performance of the president’s duties and appropriate from a law enforcement perspective”. When communication has to occur, the memo says, it should involve only the highest-level officials from the White House and the Justice Department.
Priebus made the request after the FBI told the White House it believed a New York Times report describing the contacts was not accurate, the official said. As of Thursday the FBI had not stated that position publicly, and there was no indication it planned to.
The New York Times reported that US agencies had intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and members of Trump’s 2016 campaign team.
CNN first reported that Priebus had asked the FBI to weigh in on the matter.
Trump has been shadowed by questions about potential ties to Russia since winning the election. US intelligence agencies have also concluded that Russia meddled in the campaign to help Trump defeat Hillary Clinton.
Last week Trump fired national security adviser Michael Flynn because he misled the vice-president, Mike Pence, and other White House officials about his contacts with the Russian ambassador to the US. Flynn, who was interviewed by the FBI about his contacts, is said to have talked to the ambassador on multiple occasions during the transition, including about US sanctions policy.
Still, Trump and his advisers have denied contact with Russian officials during the election. Last week Trump said “nobody that I know of” spoke to Russian intelligence agents during the campaign.
Priebus alluded to his contacts with the FBI over the weekend, telling Fox News that “the top levels of the intelligence community” had assured him that the allegations of campaign contacts with Russia were “not only grossly overstated but also wrong”.
Senator Ron Wyden said Priebus’s comments opened the door for the FBI director, James Comey, to discuss the bureau’s investigation publicly. “If the White House chief of staff can make public claims about the supposed conclusions of an FBI investigation, then Director Comey can come clean with the American people,” Wyden said.
Justin Shur, a former Justice Department public corruption prosecutor, said it was imperative its investigations not be swayed by political considerations. “As a general matter, investigations and prosecutions should be about gathering the facts and the evidence and applying the law,” Shur said.
During the campaign Trump and other Republicans vigorously criticised a meeting between then attorney general Loretta Lynch and former president Bill Clinton. The meeting came as the FBI – which is overseen by the Justice Department – was investigating Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email address and personal internet server.
With Associated Press



ARTICLE
The North Carolina house and senate voted on Thursday to end the state’s so-called “bathroom bill”, in the hope of expanding business opportunities and attracting sporting events ahead of a Thursday deadline from the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) to amend the law or lose out on hosting future sporting events.
Governor Roy Cooper, a Democrat, said he had signed the bill into law on Thursday afternoon.
The house voted 70-48 to pass the bill. On Thursday morning it passed the senate 32-16, with several Democrats voting against the bill even after the state senate’s Democratic leader, Dan Blue, asked his colleagues to support it. 
The new agreement, House Bill 142, though it repeals the bathroom bill, has angered LGBT and civil liberty groups because it prohibits future anti-discrimination ordinances by cities and councils. This means that cities will not be able to introduce any local laws to specifically protect transgender people.
Although it repeals the state’s directive for transgender people to only use public bathrooms and showers that match their birth gender, it leaves state legislators, rather than agencies, municipalities or universities, in charge of policy on public multi-stall restrooms. Phil Berger, the Republican leader of the state senate, declined to say whether lawmakers planned to quickly use this authority. 
Legislators from all sides were torn over the bill, with many engaging in an emotional debate on the state house floor.
“I cannot in good conscious vote on something that will take us back in civil rights,” said Democrat Chaz Beasley, who voted against the bill.
Yvonne Holley, a Democrat, said she was “torn in my soul” about the decision, because she wanted to support the governor and efforts to improve the bill but disagreed with the rules about anti-discrimination compliances.
“You’ve asked me to make a gut-wrenching moral decision and I still don’t know what button I’m going to push when it comes to the vote. There is more to this than about using a bathroom … we need to look at ourselves as a people,” she told the House, before later voting in favor of it.
Others spoke about their support of HB2, with Republican Bert Jones noting that it was the impending NCAA deadline which caused the bill to be rushed through. “I think everyone knows why we are here and doing this today,” he said. 
Jones also questioned how women and children will be protected if they use restrooms with people of different genders. “The fact that both sides are opposing it shows that it’s a reasonable compromise,” said Republican Scott Stone.
A Republican senator, Thom Tillis, immediately released a statement supporting the HB2 repeal.
“North Carolina’s brand and continued economic prosperity should not be beholden to the loudest voices on either the far left or the far right who don’t have our state’s best interests in mind. I’m glad that state lawmakers were able to reach a commonsense compromise to repeal HB2,” he said.
House Bill 2 (HB2) had limited LGBT non-discrimination protections and required people to use restrooms in schools and government buildings corresponding to the gender assigned to them at birth, in a direct affront to transgender people.
But House Bill 2 was only introduced in March 2016 because the city of Charlotte put in place a city ordinance banning the discrimination of people based on gender or sexual identity, which the state wanted to overrule. 
Thursday’s new agreement would ban such anti-discrimination ordinances until December 2020.
Social conservatives in the general assembly would prefer to have HB2 stay on the books. Gay rights groups oppose the replacement measure because it would still restrict LGBT protections from discrimination. Political repercussions exist for legislators and Cooper.
Cooper, who was elected governor last November with support from LGBT forces and on a platform that included a complete repeal of HB2, said in a release that he supported the compromise unveiled on Wednesday shortly before midnight by GOP lawmakers. 
“It’s not a perfect deal, but it repeals House Bill 2 and begins to repair our reputation,” Cooper said. 
The late-night announcement came after the NCAA had said North Carolina sites would no’t be considered for basketball championship events from 2018 to 2022 “absent any change” in House Bill 2, which it views as discriminatory.
The NCAA already removed championship events from the state this year because of the law..
On Tuesday, Scott Dupree, the executive director of the Greater Raleigh Sports Alliance, which puts together the NCAA bids for North Carolina, tweeted that the state had until Thursday to change the laws in order for its bid to be considered:
“I have confirmed with a contact very close to the NCAA that its deadline for HB2 is 48 hours from now. If HB2 has not been resolved by that time, the NCAA will have no choice but to move forward without the North Carolina bids. The NCAA has already delayed the bid review process once and has waited as long as it possibly can, and now it must finalize all championship site selections through spring of 2022.”
North Carolina cities, schools and other groups have offered more than 130 bids for such events.
HB2 prompted some businesses to halt expansions and entertainers and sports organizations to cancel or move events, including the NBA All-Star game in Charlotte. An Associated Press analysis this week found that HB2 will already cost the state more than $3.76bn in lost business over a dozen years.
The new proposal repeals HB2 but would leave state legislators in charge of policy on public multi-stall restrooms. Local governments also could not pass ordinances extending non-discrimination protections in private employment and in places such as hotels and restaurants covering categories such as sexual orientation and gender identity until December 2020. That temporary moratorium, according to the Republican house speaker, Tim Moore, and the senate leader, Phil Berger, would allow time for pending federal litigation over transgender issues to play out. 
“Compromise requires give and take from all sides, and we are pleased this proposal fully protects bathroom safety and privacy,” Berger and Moore said in a statement. It’s not clear whether the NCAA would be satisfied by the changes. 
Responding before Wednesday night’s announcement to anticipated provisions in the legislation, top national and state gay rights activists blasted the proposal and said those who backed Thursday’s measure were not allies of the LGBT community. Only a complete repeal, with nothing else, will do, they say. 
 “At its core, it’s a statewide prohibition on equality,” the Human Rights Campaign president, Chad Griffin, told reporters, adding that consequences could fall on Cooper, whom gay rights activists supported in the election, for backing a “dirty deal”.
“It would be a failure of leadership for Cooper” and for Democratic legislative leaders to back this agreement “instead of standing up for civil rights”, the Equality North Carolina executive director, Chris Sgro, said. 
In November Cooper narrowly defeated the GOP governor Pat McCrory, who signed the law. HB2 supporters say ordinances like the one in Charlotte make it easy for sexual predators to enter public restrooms designated for the opposite sex. 
 
The Associated Press in Raleigh, North Carolina, contributed to this report



ARTICLE
A top Democrat has strongly disputed Donald Trump’s claim that he told the president: “You will go down as one of the great presidents in the history of our country” in an Oval Office meeting.
In a statement to the Guardian, Representative Elijah Cummings of Maryland, the top Democrat on the House government reform and oversight committee, made clear that what he actually told Trump was different. “During my meeting with the president and on several occasions since then, I have said repeatedly that he could be a great president if – if – he takes steps to truly represent all Americans rather than continuing on the divisive and harmful path he is currently on,” said Cummings.
In addition, a Cummings aide told the Guardian that the Maryland Democrat also suggested that the president “should start leading instead of tweeting” in their March meeting in the Oval Office.
Trump’s statement about Cummings came in the course of a long, discursive interview with the New York Times in the Oval Office. The president was attempting to claim Democrats were acting hypocritically by praising him in private and then bashing him on television. “I watched him on television yesterday and I said, ‘Was that the same man?’” Trump said of Cummings. 
The meeting with Cummings as well as Democrat Peter Welch of Vermont and Redonda Miller, the president of Johns Hopkins hospital, was held in early March and focused on rising prescription drug prices. Since the meeting, Cummings has not held back in pointed criticisms of the Trump White House, including calling top Trump aide Steve Bannon “a white supremacist-type person” in an interview on Tuesday.



ARTICLE
The Guardian US Politics Minute catches you up on our coverage of the day in politics. It takes a minute to read, and we can deliver it to your inbox or to your phone via our app.
Download the app for Android or iOS and opt in for the daily alert, or sign up for the email newsletter below.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump warned that there may be political consequences for House Republicans if they fail to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, members acknowledged after a closed-door meeting on Capitol Hill on Tuesday.
Trump’s message to Republicans was “if you don’t pass the bill there could be political costs,” said North Carolina Republican Walter Jones.
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, backed up his boss’s warning.
“I think when you realise the component to this bill and that the president worked with the House and the Senate to put something together that achieved a promise that was made to voters, yeah, I think there’s going to be a price to be paid but it’s going to be with their own voters,” he told reporters on Tuesday.
“They’re going to have to go back and explain to them why they made a commitment to them and then didn’t follow through.”
The House speaker, Paul Ryan, said Trump “knocked the ball out of the park” in his pitch to members on Tuesday morning, just hours after the Republican leadership unveiled an array of changes to the healthcare proposal in an effort to placate wary conservatives and moderates. 
“President Trump was here to do what he does best and that is to close the deal,” Ryan said. “He is all in and we are all in to end this Obamacare nightmare.”
Ryan said he agreed with the Trump that the party risked losing control of Congress if they did not succeed in passing the bill, calling the vote a “rendezvous with destiny”.
Trump descended to the bowels of the Capitol on Tuesday morning to deliver his closing pitch to restive House Republicans. 
During the meeting, he singled out the conservative Freedom Caucus chairman, Mark Meadows, who has threatened for weeks to derail the proposal. 
“He asked Mark Meadows to stand up, and he recognized Mark Meadows, and said: ‘Mark, if we remember correctly you were supporting me even before I was a candidate. You’re a great guy, we’ve worked together, I’m counting on you and your group to help get this over the line,’” New York representative Chris Collins told reporters after the meeting. “Now Mark Meadows certainly did not agree to that on the spot. The president is very adroit at putting somebody on the spot.”
Following the meeting, Meadows said he was still not persuaded by the president’s pitch and that he was confident there was “more than enough” opposition to block it from passage. Meadows refused to provide a hard count but on Monday night he said the conservative coalition had more than the required 21 votes needed to derail the plan if all Democrats remained opposed.
Meadows said the president was aware of the coalition’s opposition to the proposal and was still in discussion with administration officials over the healthcare law as of Tuesday afternoon. 
“If this was a personality thing, we wouldn’t be having these discussions,” Meadows said of his support for the president. “But this is a policy debate.” 
Ryan disagreed with Meadows’s assessment of voting intentions, predicting that the House would muster the support to pass the healthcare overhaul.
“We have a lot of Freedom Caucus members who are supporting the bill,” Ryan said during a morning press conference, adding: “A lot of the members’ concerns have been incorporated in this process.”
The proposed revision to the Republican plan, known as the American Health Care Act, included changes to Medicaid as an overture to conservatives and additional tax credits for older Americans, which would be an olive branch to moderates worried by an analysis that predicted people aged 50 to 64 would see dramatic increases in their premiums under the current proposal.
But the bill continues to face opposition on multiple fronts. Hard-line conservatives remain unconvinced that the bill still does not do enough to repeal Obamacare and lower premiums. 
It would allow states to impose work requirements on Medicaid recipients, grant a lump sum of federal Medicaid funding to states to do with as they wish, and immediately prohibit any additional states from expanding the Medicaid program. The initial proposal allowed states to expand Medicaid until January 2020.
One change hastens the repeal of ACA tax provisions – such as increases on higher earners and the medical industry, among others – from 2018 to 2017, a win for conservatives who want to see them removed as quickly possible.
But after the amendment was released, the Heritage Foundation, an influential conservative group, said it still opposed the bill and would negatively score lawmakers who back the legislation unless it underwent substantial changes. 
The AARP, which represents older Americans, said the amendment, which proposes directing $85bn in aid to those aged 50 to 65, does not do enough to address their concerns. 
“Older Americans would be worse tomorrow if this bill passed today as they would see much higher healthcare costs,” said John Hishta, a senior vice-president at AARP. 
Representative Tom MacArthur, a New Jersey Republican, said he was swayed by the tax credits for older Americans included in the amendments. He said on Tuesday that he had decided before the meeting with the president that he would support the legislation. 
New York representative Peter King, who is undecided on the plan, said Trump pointed to him during the meeting as a fellow Queens native.
“He grew up in Jamaica Estates, I grew up in Sunnyside,” King told reporters. He said after Trump played the hometown ties “it would be hard for me to vote ‘no’”.
King said Trump made an “effective” case “given the circumstances”. The president stressed that for three election cycles Republicans ran on the promise that when they had the chance, they would repeal Obamacare.
“If we don’t pass it, it will look like we can’t get our act together,” King said, characterizing Trump’s remarks. 
As Trump left the meeting, he told reporters that he was confident the bill would have enough support to pass the House in a planned vote on Thursday.
“There are going to be adjustments made, but I think we’ll get there on the Thursday,” Trump said.
But by Tuesday afternoon, several Republicans said they were opposed to the legislation – or still unconvinced.
“I’m a no,” New Jersey representative Leonard Lance told reporters after a meeting in the Oval Office on Tuesday afternoon with the president, vice-president and other wavering Republican members of Congress. 
“The word is a simple two-letter word – the word is no.” 
Representative Dan Donovan, a Republican from Staten Island, left the meeting still undecided. 
“Nobody jumped up and said ‘you know what, I was a no and now I’m a yes,’” Donovan said. 
During the hour-long meeting, Trump sat with lawmakers in the Oval Office – as opposed to at his desk – and listened carefully to their concerns, Donovan said. 
“He was very open-minded,” the New York Republican said. “He was listening more than directing, he would like people to get to ‘yes’ but he listened more than he spoke.” 
The House vote is expected to be extremely close after a Congressional Budget Office report said that 14 million people would lose their insurance in the next year under the plan. On Wednesday, the bill and the proposed changes go before the House rules committee for what is expected to be a dramatic showdown. 
Asked on Tuesday about the uncertain future of the healthcare proposal, the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, said Republicans had a responsibility to their constituents to repeal Obamacare. 
He concluded: “We’ll either pass something that will achieve a goal that we’ve been working on – or not.”



ARTICLE
Despite Donald Trump’s claim that his administration is running like a “fine-tuned machine”, activists have already managed to score victories against some of the most anti-progressive policies of the president and his Republican allies.
Through rallies, marches and dogged pursuit of elected officials, people across the country have helped to block some of Trump’s initiatives, and draw attention to government missteps. 
Here are some of activists’ most dramatic wins so far:  
Andrew Puzder, the chief executive of CKE Restaurants, was Trump’s first choice to run the Department of Labor, but he withdrew himself from the running in February after complaints from Democrats and labor groups.
Hundreds of activists protested at Carl’s Jr and Hardee’s restaurants – owned by CKE Restaurants – on 12 January. They sought to draw attention to Puzder’s vocal opposition to minimum wage increases and his controversial business record.
In Washington Democrats held press conferences denouncing Puzder’s record. Under his leadership CKE restaurants ran sexualized advertising campaigns, and Puzder himself wrote in 2011 that “we believe in putting hot models in our commercials because ugly ones don’t sell burgers”.
In early February, Congressman Jason Chaffetz withdrew a bill that would have ordered the incoming secretary of the interior to sell off 3.3m acres of national land, after hundreds of protesters and 20 outdoor industry groups criticised the law.
People gathered at statehouses in New Mexico and Montana to demonstrate against House bill 621, which would have seen land in 10 states available for sale.
The campaign was launched in October 2016, in response to Donald Trump’s infamous boasts that his fame allowed him to sexually assault women; specifically, to “grab them by the pussy”.
GrabYourWallet lists dozens of companies which have ties to the president – either by selling his or his family’s products, or by endorsing him during the election campaign.
Since the campaign started a number of companies have dropped Ivanka Trump’s clothing line, including Shoes.com, Shopstyle and most recently Nordstrom. In addition to delivering a financial hit to Ivanka Trump, the campaign succeeded in upsetting the president, who tweeted that his daughter had been “treated so unfairly” by Nordstrom.
Trump’s 27 January executive order suspending immigration from seven predominantly Muslim countries sparked protests across the country. Thousands of people gathered at airports in New York City, LA, Chicago, Detroit, Indianapolis, Ohio, Orlando and elsewhere as travellers were detained.
At the same time groups including the American Civil Liberties Union and National Immigration Law Center filed lawsuits against the executive order.
On 3 February a federal judge ordered a temporary halt on the ban, restoring travel for refugees and people from the excluded countries, and on 9 February the ninth circuit court of appeals upheld that ruling. Trump on Monday issued a new executive order, which contained a number of revisions.
The congressional recess is traditionally a time for elected officials to hold town halls for their constituents. People took advantage of this to turn out in droves to events, questioning both Republicans and Democrats about their commitment to Obamacare, to the environment and more.
The actions were successful in two ways. Many congressmen and women decided not to host events, enabling activists to draw attention to their lack of interaction with voters. Even Republicans, including New Jersey governor Chris Christie, criticized their colleagues for not facing their constituents.
Separately, elected officials said that the attendance and tough questioning at town halls and other events was having an effect. Representative Mo Brooks, from Alabama’s fifth congressional district, was among those to note the impact.
“In my opinion, the massive obstructionist nature of the protests, particularly the disruption of town hall meetings, is having an effect on a good number of our more liberal, big government, weak-kneed, squishy-spined Republican senators and House members,” Brooks said. He predicted that the constituent opposition might even stop Republicans from repealing Obamacare.
More than 200,000 people reportedly deleted their Uber accounts after the company did not participate in a taxi drivers’ strike at JFK airport. The strike had been called in response to Trump’s executive order banning immigrants and refugees from seven Muslim-majority countries. 
As well as continuing to run cars to and from the airport, Uber tweeted that it had “turned off” surge pricing during the strike, seemingly taking advantage of the taxi drivers’ action.
Uber’s CEO, Travis Kalanick, had joined Trump’s economic advisory council in December 2016, but decided to step down following the furore.
If you’re participating in the resistance movement, we want to hear from you. Show us what it looks like. You can also join our Resistance Now Facebook community dedicated to sharing ideas and discussions around this project.



ARTICLE
Discerning the ties between Donald Trump and Russia was already a complex task. But the second-order developments emerging from the Trump-Russia connection now risk displacing the central issue.
A dizzying series of developments tangentially related to Trump and Russia overtook Washington this week. Opaque and often confusing, they have added to what the chairman of the House intelligence committee has called the “big gray cloud” surrounding the Trump administration. (That cloud now also hangs over the chairman himself.)
This is a short guide to the periphery of the Trump-Russia question. 
The chairman of the House intelligence committee had a catastrophic week. It emerged that Devin Nunes received surveillance-related documents – more on those in a moment – from White House officials, despite Nunes’s obfuscation of that critical detail. 
Nunes served on Trump’s transition team and is now running one of the inquiries into Trump and Russia. After the inquiry’s first public hearing on 20 March demolished Trump’s allegation that Barack Obama placed him under surveillance, Nunes on 22 March announced he had seen “alarming” documents related to surveillance from an unnamed source that suggested some form of support for the baseless Trump claim. Without sharing the documents with the committee, Nunes said he had taken them to the White House. 
Nunes, under pressure from Democrats who smelled a rat, denied that the White House was his source. That denial was false. At the very least, Nunes acquired the documents with the aid of National Security Council official Ezra Cohen-Watnick and White House Counsel attorneys John Eisenberg and Michael Ellis. (“He misled me,” wrote Bloomberg columnist Eli Lake, to whom Nunes denied White House involvement.) Effectively, the White House was laundering a false intelligence claim through Nunes.
With Nunes now appearing to collude with the White House in defense of a debunked Trump tweetstorm, it is difficult to see how Nunes can credibly run an inquiry into Trump and Russia. For now, he is rejecting Democratic calls to recuse himself, though his reputation has suffered tremendously.
Only Nunes and the White House really know what the documents Nunes alluded to show. But Nunes himself described them as detailing “lawful” surveillance that does not relate to Trump and Russia. Nunes’s stated concern is that they insufficiently masked names of Trump associates once they were disseminated through intelligence circles.
It appears from subsequent reporting that the intercepts concerned communications between foreign officials that mention Trump or his associates, which would in no sense validate the surveillance accusations Trump thrust on to Obama. Nor would they validate Nunes’s public anger over leaks that cost Michael Flynn his job as national security adviser, since Nunes himself said these documents aren’t about Russia. 
In other words, they distract from the Trump-Russia question while leaving a vague-but-false impression that Trump’s accusations against Obama have merit. (Those accusations appear to stem from a Breitbart summary of a rightwing radio host’s argument that contained no original reporting.) If these are the same documents, that might help explain why the White House is now offering them up to the House and Senate intelligence committees.
But it’s not clear that what the White House is offering up actually are the documents Nunes reviewed. Schiff left a viewing invitation unsure. He said only that if the White House was alarmed by the documents – the contents of which he would not discuss – it should have shared them with the committee rather than providing them to Nunes “only for their contents to be briefed back to the White House.”
It has not been easy being Mike Flynn. After Trump fired him for misleading Vice-President Mike Pence over Flynn’s discussions of sanctions easement with the Russian ambassador, Flynn filed paperwork with the justice department indicating that he had done work for a firm owned by a close ally of the Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. (It subsequently emerged that Flynn had told the Trump transition he might need to register as a foreign agent, which the White House had denied knowing.) The House oversight committee is now seeking his disclosure forms.
Flynn is seeking an immunity guarantee from the FBI and the House and Senate intelligence committee inquiries. Lawyers have said the request is unusual, both because it was public and because Flynn has not made a so-called “proffer” offer detailing what he is willing to disclose in exchange. Schiff said on Friday that he has yet to receive Flynn’s disclosure forms, which would indicate if Flynn properly reported any work on behalf of a foreign power, and said any consideration of immunity “will of course require a detailed proffer of any intended testimony”.
For Congress to accept the offer would mean granting Flynn “use immunity”, thereby making it difficult to use whatever he tells Congress in any subsequent prosecution. Attorney Alex Whiting wrote that the justice department would normally object to such an agreement. Although no one appears to be taking Flynn up on the offer, whether they do so will accordingly provide an indication of their seriousness. 
While the Nunes and Flynn controversies distracted Washington, the Senate intelligence committee held a substantive public hearing into Trump-Russia that portrayed Trump’s favorite social media platform as an adjunct of Russian interference in the 2016 election. 
Counter-terrorism analyst Clint Watts testified that as far back as 2009, false Twitter accounts eventually associated with Russia came to be visible. Those accounts observed and sought to mimic American rightwingers’ Twitter behavior. To push false and pro-Kremlin stories into users’ feeds, Russian bots used hashtags such as #nuclear, #media, #Trump and #Benghazi. “The most common words found in English-speaking Twitter user profiles were ‘God’, ‘military’, ‘Trump’, ‘family’, ‘country’, ‘conservative’, ‘Christian’, ‘America’ and ‘constitution’,” Watts testified.
Thomas Rid, a security professor at King’s College London, told senators Twitter had functioned as an “unwitting agent” of Russia in the 2016 election. As Twitter seeks to attract advertisers, the proliferation of Russian automatons might prove inconvenient. 
“How many of the social media interactions, especially Twitter interactions, during the campaign, of the most important Twitter accounts, were created by bots, by automated scripts, and not humans? We don’t know the answer to that question, because Twitter and other social media networks have not provided the data,” Rid testified. 
Remember that when people tweet this article. 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump unveiled a $1.15tn budget on Thursday, a far-reaching overhaul of federal government spending that would slash many domestic programs to finance a significant increase in the military and make a downpayment on a US-Mexico border wall.
Trump’s proposal seeks to upend Washington with cuts to long-promised campaign targets like foreign aid and the Environmental Protection Agency, as well as strong congressional favorites such as medical research, help for homeless veterans and community development grants.
“A budget that puts America first must make the safety of our people its number one priority because without safety, there can be no prosperity,” Trump said in a message accompanying his proposed budget, whose title, America First: A Budget Blueprint to Make America Great Again, borrows a phrase denounced by the Anti-Defamation League for its links to 1940s Nazi sympathizers.
 
The $54bn boost for the military is the largest since Ronald Reagan’s Pentagon buildup in the 1980s, promising immediate money for troop readiness, the fight against Islamic State militants and procurement of new ships, fighter jets and other weapons. The 10% Pentagon boost is financed by $54bn in cuts to foreign aid and domestic agencies that had been protected by Barack Obama.
The budget goes after the frequent targets of the party’s staunchest conservatives, eliminating the National Endowment for the Arts, legal aid for the poor, low-income heating assistance and the AmeriCorps national service program established by Bill Clinton.
“This is a hard power budget, not a soft power budget,” said the White House budget director, Mick Mulvaney.
Such programs were the focus of lengthy battles dating to the GOP takeover of Congress in 1995 and have survived prior attempts to eliminate them. 
Lawmakers will have the final say on Trump’s proposal in the arduous budget process, and many of the cuts will be deemed dead on arrival. 
“The administration’s budget isn’t going to be the budget,” said Senator Marco Rubio. “We do the budget here. The administration makes recommendations, but Congress does budgets.”
Mulvaney acknowledged to reporters that passing the cuts could be an uphill struggle and said the administration would negotiate over replacement cuts.
“This is not a take-it-or-leave-it budget,” Mulvaney said.
Law enforcement agencies such as the FBI would be spared, while the border wall would receive an immediate $1.4bn infusion in the ongoing fiscal year, with another $2.6bn planned for the 2018 budget year starting 1 October.
Trump repeatedly claimed during the campaign that Mexico would pay for the wall when, in fact, US taxpayers are almost certain to foot the bill.
Twelve of the government’s 15 cabinet agencies would absorb cuts under the president’s proposal. The biggest losers are agriculture, labor, state and the cabinet-level EPA. The defense department, Department of Homeland Security and Department of Veterans Affairs are the winners.
More than 3,000 EPA workers would lose their jobs and programs such as Obama’s Clean Power Plan, which would tighten regulations on emissions from power plants seen as contributing to global warming, would be eliminated. Popular EPA grants for state and local drinking and wastewater projects would be preserved, however, even as research into climate change would be eliminated.
Trump’s proposal covers only roughly one-fourth of the approximately $4tn federal budget, the discretionary portion that Congress passes each year. It doesn’t address taxes, social security, Medicare and Medicaid, or make predictions about deficits and the economy. Those big-picture details are due in mid-May, and are sure to show large probably permanent budget deficits. Trump has vowed not to cut social security and Medicare and is dead set against raising taxes.
“The president’s going to keep his promises” to leave social security and Medicare alone, Mulvaney said.
But the budget increases user fees, boosting the airline ticket tax by $1 per one-way trip. It would also slash subsidies for the federal flood insurance program that’s a linchpin for the real estate market, especially in coastal southern states and the north-east.
The so-called “skinny budget” is indeed thin, glossing over cuts to many sensitive programs such as community health centers, national parks and payments for rural schools, offering only a vague, two-page summary of most agencies, including the Pentagon, where allocating its additional billions is still a work in progress.
Trump’s proposal is sure to land with a thud on Capitol Hill, and not just with opposition Democrats outraged over cuts to pet programs such as renewable energy, climate change research and rehabilitation of housing projects.
Republicans like Senator Rob Portman of Ohio are irate over planned elimination of a program to restore the Great Lakes. Top Republicans like the majority leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, and Senate foreign relations committee chairman, Bob Corker of Tennessee, are opposed to drastic cuts to foreign aid. And even GOP defense hawks like the armed services committee chairman, Mac Thornberry of Texas, are not satisfied with the $54bn increase for the military.
Before the two sides go to war over Trump’s 2018 plan, they need to clean up more than $1.1tn in unfinished agency budgets for the current year. A temporary catchall spending bill expires on 28 April; negotiations have barely started and could get hung up over Trump’s request for the wall and additional border patrol and immigration enforcement agents, just for starters.
Some of the most politically sensitive domestic programs would be spared, including food aid for pregnant women and their children, housing vouchers for the poor, aid for special education and school districts for the poor and federal aid to historically black colleges and universities.
But the National Institutes of Health would absorb a $5.8bn cut despite Trump’s talk in a recent address to Congress of finding “cures to the illnesses that have always plagued us”. Subsidies for airlines serving rural airports in Trump strongholds would be eliminated. It would also shut down Amtrak’s money-losing long-distance routes and kill off a popular $500m-per-year “TIGER Grant” program for highway projects created by Obama.

 



ARTICLE
The Affordable Care Act’s guarantee of maternity benefits in the insurance marketplace appears in doubt after a group of hardline conservatives demanded that the Republican repeal plan do away with mandated essential benefits.
Reports on Thursday morning said the House Freedom Caucus, which has resisted throwing its support behind the Republican leadership’s plan to repeal the ACA, demanded that the bill scrap a list of 10 “essential health benefits” for all individual and small business insurance plans, which includes prenatal, maternity and newborn care.
With the essential health benefits in jeopardy, so is House speaker Paul Ryan’s promise that the Republican replacement for Obamacare would not result in women being charged more for healthcare than men. 
“Our proposal specifically prohibits any gender discrimination,” reads the website devoted to explaining the bill. “Women will have equal access to the same affordable, quality healthcare options as men do under our proposal.”
Conservatives say they oppose the essential health benefits because it limits the diversity of plans available for consumers to choose on the market.
Before Obamacare, insurance companies in most states offered two plans, one without prenatal and maternity benefits, and one plan with those benefits that charged much higher premiums. Only 38% of people in the individual markets had a plan with maternity coverage.
A repeal of the essential benefits would allow insurance carriers to once again sell two separate plans, with premiums up to 70% higher for women purchasing maternity coverage, according to one independent analysis by the actuarial firm Milliman. Women, they estimate, could face out-of-pocket costs of around $15,000 if they were to become pregnant and give birth without coverage.
“What life was like before we had the mandate is probably a pretty good predictor of what would happen without it,” said Alina Salganicoff, the vice-president for women’s health policy at Kaiser Family Foundation, a healthcare policy non-profit. “Women who wanted to have maternity care typically had to purchase it long before getting pregnant. And if you found yourself pregnant without that coverage, you were basically uninsured for all your pregnancy-related care.” 
Women in some states might qualify for public assistance or could give birth at public hospitals. But many would simply be forced to pay their own way. “Without a doubt, many women would be bearing high out-of-pocket costs.”
Salganicoff ticked off the list of arguments for preserving mandatory coverage of pregnancies: men are fathers; men contribute to pregnancy; healthy pregnancies and babies are a value. The cost is low per person if everyone pays for the coverage – $8 to $14 a month, according to Milliman – but the cost skyrockets if it is only shouldered by pregnant women.
“It’s antithetical to the way insurance works,” she added. “The principal is, everybody puts in for whatever may happen to a member of the group. I’m not going to say, as a woman, I’m not going to buy this insurance because there’s an older man in my pool who might get prostate cancer. There’s no guarantee you’re going to get any of the conditions that are covered. That’s the nature of insurance.”
A repeal of the essential health benefits could face obstacles in the Senate. Republicans are pushing their plan under rules that prevent a filibuster, so long as all the bill’s provisions pertain to government spending. It is unclear if essential health benefits would be ruled as relating to government spending.



ARTICLE
When press officers at the White House glance up from their desks, they are constantly reminded of their boss’s big day. On the wall, in thick dark frames, are photos: Donald Trump taking the oath of office, giving a thumbs up at his inaugural address, bidding farewell to Barack Obama, waving to the crowd during his inaugural parade, dancing with his wife at an inaugural ball.
Walking by last Monday, Trump gestured towards an image of his inauguration crowd – a point that still irks him – and told reporters there would soon be an official statement about the future of his national security adviser, Michael Flynn.
Trouble was, an hour earlier, his adviser Kellyanne Conway had appeared on television declaring that the president had “full confidence” in Flynn. Soon after, Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, read a statement that said “the president is evaluating the situation”. Six hours later, Flynn was gone.
It was the fastest, most furious week yet for an administration that, like a runaway train, has Washington and America’s elder statesmen shaking their heads, declaring that they have never seen such turmoil or ineptitude. 
“Our government continues to be in unbelievable turmoil,” Gen Tony Thomas, head of the military’s special operations command, told a conference last week. “I hope they sort it out soon because we’re a nation at war.”
Some of the malaise can be attributed to the growing pains that plague any new administration. Some is said to be down to the factional struggles, imported to the White House from Trump’s businesses. And much is believed to be on the shoulders of the capricious, egocentric, volatile president, the first in US history to have been elected with no political or military experience.
Yet both Trump and his supporters deny the dysfunction, pointing to executive orders, a supreme court nomination and the scrapping of a Pacific trade deal at breakneck speed. 
“Don’t believe the main stream (fake news) media,” Trump tweeted Saturday morning. “The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.”
Sleeping just four or five hours a night, Trump has operated at a manic pace that has made the world’s collective head spin. He had an angry phone call with the prime minister of Australia, had a Twitter spat that convinced the president of Mexico to cancel a meeting, and consulted the prime minister of Japan about a North Korean missile launch in full view of dinner guests at his Florida country club, Mar-a-Lago. He approved, over dinner, a commando raid in Yemen that resulted in the death of a navy Seal and an eight-year-old girl. 
At home, he was caught on live television making a false claim about his electoral victory, press releases have been littered with spelling mistakes, and the president has fought Twitter battles with everyone from senators to Arnold Schwarzenegger to a department store that dropped his daughter’s products. 
Then there were the White House contradictions around the abrupt departure of Flynn, who misled the vice-president over his conversations with the Russian ambassador. Then Trump’s pick for labour secretary, Andrew Puzder, withdrew his nomination after facing questions over his personal background and business record.
Not even in his fourth week, there was the president’s ban on travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries, an order widely denounced and sowing disarray and demonstrations at airports. Trump sacked his acting attorney general for refusing to defend the ban, attacked the courts for pausing it to weigh its lawfulness, and insisted this week that it was “a very smooth rollout”.
“This administration is running like a fine-tuned machine,” he said at a rambling, impromptu press conference.
That characterisation has provoked scorn. “From what I can tell, it’s non-functional,” said Rick Tyler, a political analyst. “It’s not firing on all cylinders, and the timing is off, and the transmission won’t engage.”
The executive order, Tyler noted, “created havoc and turmoil. The communications team are incoherent, inconsistent and contradictory to what the president says.”
Bob Shrum, a Democratic consultant and strategist, called the president’s defenses “preposterous”. “It’s like a car where none of the gears work and you’ve no idea if you’re going at 90mph or 30mph and you’re just careening. It doesn’t remotely compare with anything I can think of. There’s never been anything like this.”
One Republican with ties to the White House blamed growing pains, from Trump’s lean campaign to the staff of the federal bureaucracy. 
The Trump administration has also decided to vet potential members for any criticism of the president during the campaign. On Thursday, a political appointee at the Department of Housing and Urban Development was fired after it was noticed that he had written a critical opinion column about Trump in October.
But operations have also been hampered by competing interests and seething mutual suspicion. Media reports describe paranoid staff using a secret chat app that erases messages as soon as they are read. Trump’s inner circle includes Conway; chief of staff Reince Priebus; senior advisers Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, 36, and Stephen Miller, 31; and chief strategist Stephen Bannon, the former Goldman Sachs executive who has likened himself to Thomas Cromwell in the court of Henry VIII.
Senator John McCain, the Republican nominee for president in 2008, told reporters this week that the “whole environment is one of dysfunction in the Trump administration”.
 “Who’s making the decisions in the White House? Is it the 31-year-old? Is it Mr Bannon? Is it the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff? I don’t know.”
The default answer could still be Priebus, who, as chief of staff, would traditionally act as gatekeeper to Trump. But his boss is anything but traditional, and Priebus’s establishment influence is countered by two ideologues, Bannon and Miller. Bannon, previously head of the rightwing Breitbart News, has been described by Democrats as a white nationalist and is seen by many as the true power behind the throne.
Last week, Bannon and Priebus gave a joint media interview to deny rumours of a rift. But Tyler said: “There’s no clear chain of command. They can’t tell who’s in charge. 
Were the chief of staff in control, Tyler said, Priebus would have fired Flynn. “If Priebus and Bannon are doing PR to show how well they got on, that shows Priebus is losing. He is the chief of staff, so he shouldn’t need to say he’s meeting with Bannon, who ought to be a subordinate.”
Bannon’s allies, meanwhile, continue to rise in prominence. Sebastian Gorka, a deputy assistant and former editor for Breitbart, has become a vocal surrogate in a series of TV and radio interviews, telling the BBC this week that Trump’s press conference performance was “fabulous”.
Miller, too, earned Trump’s praise and widespread scorn for his zealous defense of the president and for peddling a baseless claim about phantom illegal voting. “He says things that would make movie villains blush,” Tyler said. “You could not script this stuff.”
The problems have been amplified by Senate Democrats doing their utmost to drag out the confirmation process on many of Trump cabinet choices, leaving many executive agencies with few senior staffers.
Trump is not the first president to hit early turbulence, and Bill Galston, a former adviser to Bill Clinton, recalled that “hardly anyone” of the new president’s staff in 1993 had been in the White House before.
 “That created all sorts of problems. The simple fact of not knowing how the machinery operates is already a huge problem.”
Before too long, he said, Clinton recruited the Hill veteran Leon Panetta and David Gergen, who had worked with the administrations of Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan. 
“You need people there who know how overwhelming it is to be in the White House with ‘incoming’ coming at you from all directions,” Galston said. “You need to have a sense of all pieces of the government. It’s not as harmonious as conducting an orchestra. It’s like juggling knives and swords.”
But Galston, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution thinktank, acknowledged that the Trump administration was not normal. “I’ve consulted many people in town about analogies and comparisons and nobody can come up with any. Our seismographs are broken.
“We appear to have a president who cannot distinguish chaos from order,” he continued. “There are amateurs doing a job that only professionals can do, and even then often not successfully.”
In contrast, Trump’s allies contend that, for a non-politician learning on the job, he is doing well and playing the media like a fiddle.
“It’s like the beginning of any administration,” said Christopher Nixon Cox, who is well acquainted with Bannon and other members of Trump’s inner circle. He compared Trump’s first month to Clinton’s, observing that critics also called those weeks “a disaster”.
“Every administration has its palace intrigues,” Nixon Cox said. “It’s hard to say he has any more or less. Given that we have social media and he’s a social media president, it could be we’re just more aware of what used to be kept behind closed doors. There will be good days and bad days but it’s way too early to say it’s going to go off the rails.”
Cox, a financial adviser and grandson of Richard Nixon, added: “Fundamentally, he’s going to be judged on the economy and whether he keeps peace around the world. I think it’s going to be a big success. We have to give him time.”
Tom Stewart, a member of Trump’s national security advisory council during the campaign, said that the president was “cunningly” manipulating the media, so that “his strong cabinet will have a chance to make some meaningful reforms”.
Grover Norquist, president of Americans for Tax Reform, said Republicans were making good progress on their conservative agenda. “The press and a lot of observers in Washington DC like to stop and look at a car accident and they miss that the traffic is continuing to drive past at 50mph,” he said. “Things are moving forward, largely on track.”
Nevertheless, as Trump enters his second month, there will be many praying for a steadier hand and fewer tweets ending with exclamation marks. 
“This can’t just stand,” said Rich Galen, former press secretary to the 44th vice-president, Dan Quayle. “It was kind of fun in the beginning watching the kids run around and bump into each other. Now they’ve got the keys to the car and it’s dangerous. Someone has to go in and get their arms around this.”



ARTICLE
The Trump administration has appealed against a federal court order issued in the state of Maryland that partially blocks the president’s revised travel ban.
The Department of Justice’s acting solicitor general, Jeffrey Wall, informed Maryland’s southern district court in a filing on Friday that the government will challenge the ruling in the fourth circuit appeals court. 
The Trump administration suffered a stinging blow to its plans to block visa applicants from six Muslim-majority countries and temporarily halt the US refugee resettlement program, after two federal courts – the other in Hawaii – issued temporary stays on the president’s executive order. 
The Maryland order, issued by the district judge Theodore Chuang, only covers the part of Trump’s travel ban relating to visa issuances from the six countries. The temporary order issued in Hawaii, by the district judge Derrick Watson, covers two complete sections of the order and restricts Trump from altering the refugee resettlement program.
The president had vowed to challenge the Hawaii ruling, which he branded an “unprecedented judicial overreach” at a rally shortly after the order was handed down on Wednesday evening. He told a crowd of supporters: “We’re going to fight this terrible rule, we’re going to take this case as far as it will go, including the supreme court. We’re going to win.”
But the decision to appeal against the Maryland order over the Hawaii ruling could indicate the DoJ’s resistance to contest yet another decision against Trump’s travel ban in the ninth circuit appeals court, where a challenge to the Hawaii ruling would be heard. Last month the ninth circuit unanimously ruled to enforce a temporary nationwide restraining order against Trump’s first order, which was chaotically rolled out and subject to a number of legal challenges across the country. 
Also on Friday, a federal judge in Seattle said he would not rule on a request from an immigrant rights group to block the revised travel ban because the two other judges had already halted it. Judge James Robart said the Northwest Immigrant Rights Project could ask him to reconsider “should circumstances change”.
Last month, Robart granted a request by the state of Washington to halt the initial travel ban.
Trump’s second travel ban, which had been due to go into effect just hours after the Hawaii ruling, had been designed to avoid some of the legal complaints about the first order. But Watson found that the state of Hawaii and a local imam, who challenged the order together, had successfully argued the new order would “likely” violate the establishment clause of the US constitution, which protects against religious discrimination.
“The Department of Justice may think that it has a better chance of convincing a panel of the fourth circuit, which 15 years ago was considered the most conservative appeals court in the country,” said Carl Tobias, professor of law at the University of Richmond. Tobias added that the court is now considered more moderate as six of the 15 judges were appointed by President Obama. 
The government could still appeal against the Hawaii temporary order as well but as of late Friday afternoon had not filed any paperwork indicating an intention to do so. 
The Maryland case was brought by the American Civil Liberties Union and a coalition of refugee advocacy and legal groups, and resulted in a preliminary injunction issued on Thursday morning.
Omar Jadwat, an attorney for the ACLU’s Immigrants’ Rights Project and who argued parts of the case in court on Wednesday, said on Friday that he was prepared to fight the government’s appeal in court. 
“President Trump’s Muslim ban has fared miserably in the courts, and for good reason – it violates fundamental provisions of our constitution,” Jadwat said in a statement. “We look forward to defending this careful and well-reasoned decision in the appeals court.”
Margaret Huang, executive director Amnesty International USA, also expressed confidence that the government’s appeal would not be successful, but called on Congress to pass legislation that would “permanently override” Trump’s order. 
“President Trump’s Muslim ban remains indefensible, no matter how many times it is brought to court,” Huang said, adding: “A prolonged legal battle over this ban will create more uncertainty for families around the world. Congress must intervene and pass legislation to permanently override this order.”



ARTICLE
“I don’t want to be the president of the world,” Donald Trump declared in Washington on 4 April. “I’m the president of the United States. And from now on, it’s going to be America first.”
A week later, he stood alongside the secretary-general of Nato and told reporters at the White House: “Right now, the world is a mess. But I think by the time we finish, I think it’s going to be a lot better place to live ... because right now it’s nasty.”
It has been a brazen reversal in both word and deed. In the past 10 days, Trump has launched 59 Tomahawk missiles at a Syrian government airbase, dropped the biggest non-nuclear bomb ever used in combat on eastern Afghanistan and deployed a naval strike group to waters near North Korea.
For good measure, having lambasted China and lauded Russia during the election campaign, Trump now lauds China and lambasts Russia while saying of Nato: “I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete.”
The screeching U-turn has thrilled establishment Republicans and foreign policy hawks while mortifying the isolationist backers of “America first”, a phrase denounced by the Anti-Defamation League for its links to 1940s Nazi sympathisers, who helped him snatch the election while branding Hillary Clinton a warmonger.
Senator Lindsey Graham, one of his defeated opponents, tweeted: “I hope America’s adversaries are watching & now understand there’s a new sheriff in town.” Charles Krauthammer, a conservative columnist known to be on Trump’s radar, wrote in the Washington Post: “The traditionalists are in the saddle. US policy has been normalised. The world is on notice: eight years of sleepwalking is over. America is back.”
And the political website Axios noted: “In less than a week, Trump has morphed into a guy who could almost be mistaken for a conventional Republican president. Trump appeared in the White House’s East Room yesterday and gave remarks that could’ve come from the mouth of George H W Bush.”
But it remains uncertain whether the president, whose past statements have been known to contain three different policies in a single paragraph, is merely acting on instinct or now shaping a clear foreign policy doctrine – and indeed whether such a doctrine is either possible or desirable.
No student of history, Trump may or may not have been aware that his attack on Syria coincided with the 100th anniversary of America’s entry into the first world war. That had been spurred by a speech in which Woodrow Wilson threw down the gauntlet to Congress: “The world must be made safe for democracy.”
These have since been described as the eight most important words in US foreign policy history: a mission statement for the world’s policeman. From the second world war to Vietnam through two Iraq wars, it has provided the philosophical underpinning for interventionism.
But George W Bush’s ill-fated invasion of Iraq in 2003 in search of non-existent weapons of mass destruction cast a long shadow over Barack Obama, arguably influencing his decision not to strike Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad’s regime but rather make a deal with Russia to remove his chemical weapon stockpile.
The attack on a town in Syria’s northern Idlib province that killed dozens of people implies that Obama’s 2013 policy was less successful than billed. Secretary of state John Kerry had declared: “With respect to Syria, we struck a deal where we got 100% of the chemical weapons out.” But Antony Blinken, a former deputy secretary of state, admitted in the New York Times last week: “We always knew we had not gotten everything, that the Syrians had not been fully forthcoming in their declaration.”
At the time, Trump urged Obama against military intervention in Syria. But Trump was for the Iraq war before he was against it. During the election campaign he offered a creed of isolationism while promising, almost in the same breath, to “bomb the hell out of Isis”, increase military spending, as well as speaking admiringly of General George Patton, Dwight Eisenhower and Harry Truman for having the “guts” to drop a nuclear bomb. He has a history of foreign policy flip-flops, and in this he is hardly alone.
His shifts of the past two weeks have multiple causes. A president long addicted to cable news has said several times how he was moved by the primetime images of poisoned children and “beautiful babies” in Syria. His daughter Ivanka, herself a mother, was among those who weighed in on the horror of what Assad had done.
Shifting fortunes in the West Wing are a factor too. Ivanka and her husband, Jared Kushner, are said to be increasingly influential on Trump as they worry about his negative headlines. His national security adviser, HR McMaster, is also exerting his authority, removing chief strategist Steve Bannon from the national security council. Bannon, former head of Breitbart News and principal flag waver for the hardline “anti-globalists”, finds himself increasingly marginalised, with Trump describing him in the Wall Street Journal as “a guy who works for me”.
Then there is the simple reality check that faces any new president. In the wake of Trump’s election victory, Obama told reporters: “Regardless of what experience or assumptions he brought to the office, this office has a way of waking you up. And those aspects of his positions or predispositions that don’t match up with reality he will find shaken up pretty quick, because reality has a way of asserting itself.”
There was a vivid example of this when Trump expressed his hopes to Chinese president Xi Jinping that Beijing’s pressure could steer North Korea away from its nuclear efforts. “After listening for 10 minutes, I realised it’s not so easy,” he told the Journal. “I felt pretty strongly that they had a tremendous power” over North Korea, “but it’s not what you would think.” 
There has also been a willingness to heed advice that torture does not work. But as his scattergun tweets demonstrate, Trump is profoundly capricious and unpredictable, driven by a desire to “win” above all. A man who has ranged across the political spectrum from Democrat to far-right conservative may change his mind or reverse gear again, especially under pressure from a nationalist base accusing him of betrayal.
Rightwinger Ann Coulter, author of In Trump We Trust, wrote this week: “Was America strengthened by the Iraq war? The apparently never-ending Afghanistan war? Vietnam? This is how great powers die, which is exactly what the left wants.”
She added: “We want the ‘president of America’ back – not ‘the president of the world’.
Tossed by events, doctrines are hard to define in meaningful detail. Whereas Wilson called for the world to be “made safe” for democracy, Obama’s mantra was reportedly: “Don’t do stupid shit.” To date, Trump’s appears to be: “I do change and I am flexible, and I’m proud of that flexibility.”



ARTICLE
Arnold Schwarzenegger has told Donald Trump that the two men should swap jobs so “people can finally sleep comfortably again” after the US president joked about his TV ratings at the National Prayer Breakfast on Thursday.
The Terminator star and former governor of California has replaced Trump as the host of what is now called The New Celebrity Apprentice. Before being sworn in as president last month, Trump attacked his successor’s ratings for the first episode of the show, tweeting: “Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got ‘swamped’ (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT.”
During Thursday morning’s National Prayer Breakfast, an annual faith gathering of religious leaders and members of Congress, Trump returned to the theme:
He then called on religious leaders to pray.
“I want to just pray for Arnold, if we can, for those ratings,” said the president.
In response, Schwarznegger took a dig at Trump in a Twitter video:
“Hey Donald, I have a great idea. Why don’t we switch jobs? You take over TV, since you’re such an expert in ratings, and I’ll take over your job, and then people can finally sleep comfortably again,” he declared, raising his eyebrows at the camera. 
Within 30 minutes, Schwarzenegger’s post had 10,000 retweets.
The ratings of Celebrity Apprentice have dropped this year, down 16% this week in the 18-49 age demographic, a season low.
As a Republican governor of California from 2003 to 2011, Schwarzenegger focused much of his political career on increasing clean energy and climate change mitigation. 
Before last year’s election, he said he would not vote for Trump, making it the first time he didn’t vote for a GOP candidate since becoming a US citizen in 1983 after he emigrated from Austria.
The former professional bodybuilder also publicly criticized Trump’s travel ban this week, calling it “vetted badly”.
“To go and ban people who have a green card, that means that the United States of America has given you permission to work here permanently and you are on the way to permanent citizenship … I was in that position … It’s crazy, it’s crazy and makes us look stupid when the White House is ill-prepared to put this kind of executive order out there,” he told entertainment TV host Mario Lopez on Extra.



ARTICLE
A four-month-old Iranian girl in need of an emergency heart surgery has received an emergency waiver for Donald Trump’s 90-day travel ban on Iranian citizens, New York governor Andrew Cuomo announced late Friday.
“This evening we were pleased to learn that the federal government has now granted Fatemeh Reshad and her family boarding documents to come to the United States,” Cuomo said in a statement Friday night. He said that a team of pediatric cardiac doctors at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York had agreed to help the family pro bono, and that a law firm was funding the travel.
“Bizarrely, the federal ban would prevent this child from receiving medical care and literally endanger her life,” Cuomo said. “It is repugnant to all we believe as Americans and as members of the human family.”
Earlier on Friday, an attorney for the family, Amber Murray, said that the infant’s diagnosis of a twisted artery, requiring quick surgery, had convinced her parents to seek treatment in the US. “In Iran there’s a 20-30% chance of success with surgery,” Murray said. “And here there’s a 97% chance of success.”
Murray said that she and another lawyer were filing paperwork Friday to apply for an exception to the ban and a visa. They were also in talks with doctors around the US to plan for surgery for Fatemah, because one of the conditions of humanitarian parole, a special visa status, is to have medical treatment scheduled and funded in advance. The attorneys, working pro bono, have planned a fundraising campaign for the family.
Oregon’s senators, Jeff Merkley and Ron Wyden, have also helped with paperwork, Murray said. “We’ve never had to apply for an exemption to a travel ban before, so the first thing we needed help with was who do we have to contact, what do we have to do, facilitating access with doctors – they’ve helped a lot with that.”
Fatemah’s uncle and her grandparents are all US citizens living in Oregon, so the family decided to travel to the US for an emergency surgical consultation at the Oregon Health & Science University (OHSU) – hopefully followed by surgery. Fatemah’s family spent weeks preparing paperwork for tourist visas for medical purposes, and traveled to Dubai to interview for the visa at the US embassy in late January.
“For getting the visa, they ask for a lot of the paperwork,” Sam Taghizadeh, Fatemah’s uncle, told local KPTV news. “You have to do many things, you know. For three weeks we [were] working for every single thing they wanted.” Last Friday, after Trump signed an order banning travel from seven predominantly-Muslim countries, the embassy canceled the appointment.
“It’s like a nightmare,” Taghizadeh said. “All the paper, everything was ready, and just in the last minute they canceled everything.”
“She needs the surgery as soon as possible,” he said. “They cannot wait, you know. Even I asked, can they wait a couple [more] years? They said no. This thing has to be as soon as possible.”
Taghizadeh told the Oregonian that the family was told to re-apply for a visa in three months. He did not immediately respond to a request for an interview.
“You know, in one night everything changes,” he said, adding, “I was in shock.”
On Friday, representative Suzanne Bonamici took Fatemah’s case to the floor of the House of Representatives, and condemned Trump’s order as she gestured at a photo of the infant.
“This is Fatemeh. She is not a terrorist. She’s a four-month-old baby girl who is in immediate need of open-heart surgery,” Bonamici said. “Her parents desperately want the best care for her, so they planned to bring her from their home in Iran to Portland, Oregon, to one of the best hospitals for pediatric heart surgery.”
Bonamici said that she has offered help to the Taghizadehs and that she hopes federal courts “invalidate this unconstitutional executive order soon, and I hope it’s in time for baby Fatemeh”. The senators are also drafting a letter in support of an exception status for the Taghizadehs.
Murray said it was possible that the Taghizadehs might roll their complaints into the larger lawsuits against Trump’s order, which have caused temporary stays on deportations around the country. “I wouldn’t rule it out but we haven’t really talked about it yet,” she said. “It’s been a little bit like triage the last few days.”
Fatemah and her parents have returned to Tehran since being blocked by the travel ban, Murray said. The infant’s uncle said that he and his parents had been shaken by Trump’s order. “Why we came to US – we came here for freedom. For a better life. I’m feeling nowhere is safe,” he said.
“My father was so excited to see his granddaughter for the first time,” he added. “Our whole family is in a depression.”
In a statement, Fariborz Jahansoozan, an official with the Washington interests section of Iran, called the case “a grave heartbreaking story” that officials were not previously aware of. The spokesman said that the tens of thousands of visas cancelled or denied under the order could amount to “humanitarian calamities under the cloak of national security”.
Saying that the interest section “has no control over what is being done”, he added: “Wouldn’t you agree that there could be many other ways to approach it without any unwarranted process that could perhaps create another catastrophe?”
A spokeswoman for OHSU declined to comment on the Taghizadehs’ case, citing privacy rules, but said that the hospital “is open to all, regardless of immigration status. To the best of our knowledge, OHSU has not canceled or postponed any appointments, procedures or surgeries due to a patient’s immigration status”.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump should be referred to the federal ethics office for his tweet attacking department store Nordstrom for dropping his daughter’s clothing line, a Democratic senator has suggested.
Bob Casey pointed the US Office of Government Ethics towards Trump’s message in a tweet, which read: “My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!” Trump’s message was later retweeted from the official presidential account, @potus.
Nancy Pelosi, the top Democrat in the House, also criticized the president. “I think it’s inappropriate, but he’s a totally inappropriate president, so it’s totally in keeping with who he is,” she said.
Trump’s comments came after Nordstrom announced last week that it would stop carrying Ivanka’s label due to poor sales. “We’ve said all along we make buying decisions based on performance,” a statement issued at the time said. “We’ve got thousands of brands – more than 2,000 offered on the site alone. Reviewing their merit and making edits is part of the regular rhythm of our business.”
But the move followed a weeks-long boycott campaign organised by an anti-Trump activist group called Grab Your Wallet, which demanded Nordstrom sever its business ties with the Trump family. Three days prior to dropping Ivanka’s brand, Nordstrom also issued an internal statement in support of immigrants following the president’s executive order temporarily banning immigrants and refugees from seven Muslim-majority countries. It has maintained that the two were not connected.
After Trump’s tweet, the department store chain’s shares dropped but later bounced back. Trump’s tweets have in the past also been correlated with changing share prices in US automakers, Boeing and Carrier.
Asked about the tweet at his daily press briefing, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said of the president: “He has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success ... For someone to take out their concern with his policies on a family member of his is just – is not acceptable, and the president has every right as a father to stand up for them.”
On Wednesday, Nordstrom reiterated its earlier comments, with a spokesperson saying: “Over the past year, and particularly in the last half of 2016, sales of the brand have steadily declined to the point where it didn’t make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now.” The spokesman added that Ivanka Trump was “personally informed of our decision in early January”.
Critics have accused Trump of misusing his office to benefit his family’s business empire.
“This is misuse of public office for private gains,” said Richard Painter, who served as George W Bush’s chief ethics lawyer. “And it is abuse of power because the official message is clear – Nordstrom is persona non grata with the administration.”
Trump has refused to sell off his many businesses despite demands from critics that he do so to avoid multiple conflicts of interest. 
He said on 11 January he would maintain ownership of his global business empire but hand control to his two oldest sons Donald Jr and Eric, along with Trump Organization chief financial officer, Allen Weisselberg, during his presidency. 
Trump’s web of international companies remains opaque since he has refused to release his tax returns, which experts have said would provide a clearer view of his business interests. 
Ethics experts have said Trump’s arrangement does little to address potential conflicts because he would still know which assets he owned, such as Trump-branded golf courses and hotels, and his family would continue to profit from them.
“President Trump said he is going to have nothing to do with his family businesses,” said Robert Weissman, president of liberal watchdog group Public Citizen. “His reaction to developments with his daughter’s business line suggests that claim is untrue.” 
Ivanka Trump ran a clothing and jewelry business bearing her name, in addition to other work for the Trump Organization, before saying she would resign when her father was sworn in as president. A spokeswoman for the Ivanka Trump brand declined to comment. 
Painter said Nordstrom could have cause for legal action if the Trump administration takes any adverse action against it. A group including former White House ethics attorneys filed a lawsuit after Trump took office accusing him of allowing his businesses to accept payments from foreign governments, in violation of the US constitution. 
The Nordstrom controversy comes as Melania Trump faces criticism that she is trying to profit financially from her high-profile position.
This week, Melania Trump refiled a $150m (£120m) lawsuit against the corporation that publishes the Daily Mail’s website for reporting rumours that she worked as a high-end escort in the 1990s. The filing argued that the article had hurt her chances of establishing “multimillion-dollar business relationships” during the years in which she would be “one of the most photographed women in the world”.
Norman Eisen, Obama’s chief ethics counsellor, told Associated Press: “The Trumps are using the White House like the Kardashians used reality TV, to build and vastly expand their overall business enterprises.”
Trump’s tweet left fellow Republicans in an uncomfortable position. 
Republican senator David Perdue of Georgia said: “That sounds like a personal matter to me.” Perdue added: “He is a citizen and he is a citizen who is now president of the United States.” 
Reuters contributed to this report



ARTICLE
Cast-iron hooks, children’s vinyl records, classic food packages, tobacco baskets, vintage-style olive buckets and a rotary-dial telephone fill the shelves at James and Jess’ House of Goods. The antiques store opened two years ago, styling itself as “rustic, hipster, chic” with a twee strapline: “Mostly old with a little new.”
If the House of Goods was in Washington DC, it would be a decent demographic bet that its owners voted for Hillary Clinton. But it is 75 miles away in Washington County, which Donald Trump won handily. And while the capital city has been roiled by protests since Trump moved into the White House, from where James and Jess are sitting he is doing just fine.
“I love Trump,” James Zawatski said. “I give him credit for doing what he said he was going to do; a lot of politicians don’t. I’m 47 and I never voted in my life but I did this year. We needed someone with a set of balls to do what needs to be done. I’m tired of those liberals.”
Trump’s asteroid-like impact on Washington DC has caused bewilderment, consternation, disorientation, puzzlement and anger. Democratic politicians have been knocked off balance by a brash adversary while Republicans are struggling to adapt to an unpredictable ally. The media have rained criticism. Residents of DC – where Clinton beat Trump by 90.9% of the vote to 4.1% – express their mortification and fears. And last month’s Women’s March on the capital was a dramatic statement of anti-Trump resistance.
But across the frontline of America’s increasingly tribal politics in Hagerstown, Washington County, Maryland, the perspective is turned on its head. Whereas critics see Trump’s travel bans as “un-American” and sowing chaos at airports, supporters see him as keeping them safe; where critics see him blowing up foreign policy as he spars with Australia and slaps sanctions on Iran, supporters see him getting tough; where critics see him firing the acting attorney general and trampling on the constitution, supporters see him boldly smashing the old order. And where activists protest, columnists fulminate and millions recoil in fear of a world spinning towards catastrophe, supporters dismiss them as liberal “cry babies” and praise Trump as the first politician to keep his campaign promises. They see him not as a rampaging rhinoceros but a straight-talking strongman.
His plan to build a wall on the US-Mexico border is one example of this worldview complementarity. “I love immigrants, I love Mexicans, but there’s a way to do it, there’s a procedure,” said Zawatski, himself descended from Italian immigrants. “These people come and they’re entitled to more than me who’s busting his ass seven days a week. We’re a great country but we’re being taken advantage of.
“Personally I wouldn’t spend money on the wall. I’d just shoot them as they come over. Then they wouldn’t come.”
Zawatski had little sympathy with the hundreds of thousands who took part in the Women’s Marches, many of whom wore pink “pussy hats” and carried placards condemning Trump over his past boast about feeling able to grab women “by the pussy”. He does not merely turn a blind eye to Trump’s misogyny but condones it: “What man never grabbed a woman’s pussy? What man doesn’t talk in the locker room about what he did to a woman the night before? Women do that too. We’re all human.” His wife, Jess, 35, agreed: “It’s a guy thing. I know James talks like that among guys. So I don’t hold it against Trump.”
The Women’s March, she added, “was the stupidest thing ever because some were saying they’re being treated unequally. Women can stand up and go after what they want. Men aren’t standing in the way.”
As Zawatski, wearing tattoos on his arms and a T-shirt with the legend “Tattooed and employed”, spoke to the Observer, a man stole a decorative sphere off its stand (total price $79) from the pavement outside the store. Zawatski spotted him and raced outside, prompting the man to surrender the object without acrimony.
“Technically this is the hood,” he remarked. “There are a lot of barber shops here that are not barber shops, if you know what I mean.” Comparing himself to Trump, he added: “I tell the police chief, ‘Do your job. Just do it.’”
Hagerstown has a drugs problem and several closed-down shops and cafes stand empty. But it challenges and scrambles perceptions of the map seen as crucial to Trump’s victory. It is neither the Republican-voting deep south nor the pivotal rust belt portrayed in his dark and divisive inaugural address as containing “rusted-out factories scattered like tombstones” under the rubric “American carnage”.
On the contrary, it sits in Maryland, which Clinton won with more than 60% of the vote. It is an almost pretty city of church spires and historic buildings, boasting a fine art museum, biking and hiking trails, theatres and a tourism office, replete with leaflets about the area’s civil war heritage and Hagerstown’s origins involving an 18th-century German immigrant. On Thursday, students could be seen pouring out of an arts school after class.
Washington County’s median household income is $56,477 (£45,000), above average for the nation – but well below the state average of $74,149. The county voted 64% for Trump, 31.6% for Clinton. It is a red county in a blue state or, as Clinton supporter Al Steinbach, a 64-year-old sales rep, vividly put it: “I call Maryland the vagina map: right down the centre is blue; left and right is red. Welcome to divided America.”
Steinbach, who is “literally afraid” of what Trump might do, reads the Washington Post daily and listens to National Public Radio. “When I turn to Fox News and see what the other side are saying, I’m appalled by the extreme side they are on.”
In the past, it has been argued, communities would be bound together by local newspapers and radio stations, establishing at least some common ground; now, in the age of fragmented digital media, everyone with a phone is an island. Last Thursday, Anthony Kline, 38, a labourer, sat in a no-frills bar watching a new Facebook video made by a bearded, muscular man who claimed to be in Iraq.
The man, called Steven Gern, said he had asked local Iraqis what would happen if he took a walk in town and they had replied he would be snatched, tortured and beheaded on video. This being so, he claimed, why should he let Iraqis into his country? Kline, gripping the phone in his tattooed hand, said: “This is as real as it gets.”
Trump recently told the CIA that he is in a “running war” with the media. Kline, who awards the president eight marks out of 10 so far, said: “Mainstream media news is definitely partial. They put on what they want you to hear or think. Most people are not educated enough and they take things at face value.”
The chorus of liberal outrage that greets Trump daily not only falls on deaf ears among his supporters but appears to harden their view that he is taking on a privileged, self-centred elite. Reflecting on the Women’s March that followed inauguration day, Kline said: “You’ve got a lot of mommy’s-liberal-baby snowflakes that are used to having their way. It’s like your spoiled kid not used to being told no. Once you tell them no, they don’t know how to react.”
Across town, Marlon Michael, 50, still has a Trump “make America great again” banner outside his home, part of a duplex with vinyl walls and flagpole with the stars and stripes. “The country was going downhill and the rest of the world didn’t respect us any more,” he said. “Trump vowed to bring all that back just like the old days.” And the verdict so far? Michael’s answer would be unthinkable in swaths of Manhattan: “He’s doing wonderful. He’s doing everything he said he’s going to do and you can’t ask for more than that from a politician.”
Democrats, activists and media commentators have denounced Trump’s executive order banning travellers from seven Muslim-majority countries, both for its bungled execution and its sinister intent. Chuck Schumer, Democratic minority leader in the Senate, said: “There are tears running down the cheeks of the Statue of Liberty tonight.” Even Republican loyalists quailed.
A Reuters/Ipsos poll found about 31% of people said the ban made them feel “more safe”, while 26% felt “less safe”. Another 33% said it would not make any difference and the rest said they did not know. But Trump voters like Michael, a former US marine who works in home construction, give it a full-throated endorsement. “It should have been done eight or 12 years ago, or after 9/11,” he said. “For the past eight years we’ve had a president that was a little lighthearted towards the Muslims. We lock our doors so people don’t create havoc in our homes; it’s the same with America. We’re shutting our borders so people don’t create havoc.”
Michael, too, watches Fox News – “CNN has too much false bullshit that’s not true and Trump calls them out on it” – and has little but contempt for the Women’s March. “Fucking stupid. For what? What more privileges do you want? Women have equal rights. They’ll still be fighting for it till the end of time.” Wearing a Dallas Cowboys T-shirt with an image of fingers in an “up yours” sign, Michael gives Trump nine out of 10. “My only complaint is that I wish he would stay off Twitter.”
The election demonstrated that, despite Barack Obama’s plea otherwise, there are blue states and red states in America. But there are also blue and red counties. One of the defining splits in the election was between voters with a college degree and those without: according to the FiveThirtyEight website, Clinton improved on Obama’s 2012 performance in 48 of the country’s 50 most well educated counties, but lost ground relative to Obama in 47 of the 50 least educated counties – critical to her defeat.
Trump’s debut in the White House has done little to heal the rift, with each side viewing his policies, pronouncements and antics through a rival prism. Sitting in a coffee shop in Hagerstown, Christianne Smith, 20, an African American student, gave him a score of two out of 10. “He’s unfit, inexperienced,” he said. “He doesn’t have the best interests of the people in America. I don’t understand how he became president. Maybe it’s because I didn’t vote. So it’s my fault.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump has begun his effort to dismantle Barack Obama’s legacy, formally scrapping a flagship trade deal with 11 countries in the Pacific rim.
The new president also signed executive orders to ban funding for international groups that provide abortions, and placing a hiring freeze on non-military federal workers.
Trump’s decision not to join the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) came as little surprise. During his election campaign he railed against international trade deals, blaming them for job losses and focusing anger in the industrial heartland. Obama had argued that this deal would provide an effective counterweight to China in the region.
“Everyone knows what that means, right?” Trump said at Monday’s signing ceremony in the White House. “We’ve been talking about this for a long time. It’s a great thing for the American worker.”
The TPP was never ratified by the Republican-controlled Congress, but several Asian leaders had invested substantial political capital in it. Their countries represent roughly 13.5% of the global economy, according to the World Bank.
Trump’s election opponent, the Democrat Hillary Clinton, had also spoken out against the TPP.
The move also intensified speculation over the future of the 23-year-old North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta). There were reports that Trump would sign an executive order on Monday to begin renegotiating terms with Canada and Mexico.
He did move to reinstate a ban on providing federal money to international non-government organizations that perform abortions or provide information about them. The policy also prohibits taxpayer funding for groups that lobby to legalize abortion or promote it as a family planning method.
Republican administrations have tended to institute such a ban while Democrats have reversed it, most recently President Obama in 2009.
Trump signed it one day after the anniversary of the supreme court’s 1973 Roe v Wade decision that legalized abortion in the US. Activists fear that the precedent is now under threat.
The administration was criticized after footage appeared to show only one woman in the room as this executive order, along with the other two, were signed. Only four of Trump’s cabinet picks are women.
Nancy Pelosi, Democratic minority leader in the Senate, said: “Now, foreign non-governmental organisations will be forced to give women incomplete medical information, advice and care in order to participate in US-supported programs abroad. When last in place, the global gag rule had the effect of decreasing access to family planning services around the world. Study after study shows that when women have increased access to family planning services and supplies, such as contraceptives, the incidence of abortion decreases. 
“No US funds can be or have been used to perform or promote abortion services overseas since 1973. The fact is that President Trump’s shameful decision to reinstate the global gag rule will cause more unintended pregnancies, more maternal complications and injuries, less information about HIV/Aids prevention and treatment and more – not fewer – abortions.”
Republican congressman Michael Burgess, who chairs the House’s health subcommittee, welcomed the move. “Life is a precious and sacred gift, and we must do all we can to protect it,” he said. “I applaud President Trump for taking this important action and look forward to continuing to work together in advancing pro-life policies and protecting taxpayer dollars.”
Earlier, Trump met a group of top business leaders including Elon Musk, the head of SpaceX, and the executives from Dell, Johnson & Johnson and Lockheed Martin. He set out plans to cut regulations for businesses in the US and slash the company tax rate from 35% “down to anywhere from 15 to 20%”.
“We want to bring manufacturing back to our country,” the president said. “It’s one of the reasons I’m sitting here instead of somebody else sitting here.”
He added: “We want to start making our products again. We don’t want to bring them in; we want to make them here. That doesn’t mean we don’t trade because we do trade, but we want to make our products here.
“If you look at some of the original great people that ran this country, you will see that they felt very strongly about that.”
He said companies that moved factories out of the US and then tried to sell their products back to America would be punished with a “very major border tax”.
Since winning last November’s election, Trump has singled out and threatened to impose tariffs on US companies that move production to Mexico. Trump has been accused of hypocrisy because many of his business’s own products are manufactured overseas.
On Monday, he promised: “There will be advantages to companies that do indeed make their products here. It’s going to be a wave. You watch, it’s going to be a wave.”
Andrew Liveris, the chief executive of Dow Chemical, told the Associated Press that Trump had given them 30 days to come up with a plan to help stimulate the US manufacturing sector.
In his bleak inaugural address on Friday, Trump described “rusted-out factories scattered like tombstones across the landscape of our nation” and pledged to boost US industries over those abroad. Critics argue that some trends, such as the automation of factories, are irreversible.
As his new administration continued its breakneck speed, Trump was schedule to speak with the Egyptian president, Abdel Fatah al-Sisi, on Monday.
The new president has a meeting with union leaders and workers in the afternoon, followed by a reception with members of Congress and a meeting with the House speaker, Paul Ryan. His controversial press secretary, Sean Spicer, will also hold a media briefing.
A Senate committee is set to vote on Trump’s nominee for secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, the former head of ExxonMobil. Marco Rubio, a senator for Florida who had clashed with Tillerson at a committee hearing earlier this month, said on Monday: “Despite my reservations, I will support Mr Tillerson’s nomination in committee and in the full Senate,” making it likely the nomination will pass. 
The White House is seeking to recover from a rocky opening weekend in which Trump was criticised for using a CIA appearance to boast about his inauguration crowds and attack the media, and Spicer presented false information at his first press briefing.
Ryan issued a statement applauding Trump’s first executive actions. “President Trump is wasting no time acting on his promises,” he said. “Already, he has laid the groundwork to protect Americans struggling under Obamacare. He has renewed President Reagan’s policy to ensure American taxpayers are not forced to subsidize abortions anywhere in the world. He has followed through on his promise to insist on better trade agreements.
“And by instituting a hiring freeze, he has taken a critical first step toward reining in Washington bureaucracy. We look forward to working with the president to build on these actions and deliver results for the people.”
Ryan was a vocal advocate of the TPP, lending the trade pact support from the highest-ranking Republican in the nation under Obama. But he later accused the administration of negotiating an agreement that lacked sufficient support from members of Congress, while explaining his decision not to bring the TPP up for a vote in the lame-duck session prior to Obama’s departure from the White House.
But some Republicans criticised Trump’s move to formally withdraw from the TPP. Senator John McCain, chairman of the Senate armed services committee, described it as a “serious mistake” with long-term consequences. “This decision will forfeit the opportunity to promote American exports, reduce trade barriers, open new markets, and protect American invention and innovation,” he said. 
“It will create an opening for China to rewrite the economic rules of the road at the expense of American workers. And it will send a troubling signal of American disengagement in the Asia-Pacific region at a time we can least afford it.”
Like Trump, Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders had attacked TPP on the campaign trail, and on Monday he praised Trump’s decision, saying TPP is “dead and gone”.
“Now is the time to develop a new trade policy that helps working families, not just multinational corporations,” Sanders said in a statement. “If President Trump is serious about a new policy to help American workers then I would be delighted to work with him.
“For the past 30 years, we have had a series of trade deals … which have cost us millions of decent-paying jobs and caused a ‘race to the bottom’ which has lowered wages for American workers,” he said.
Daniel Ikenson, director of the Herbert A Stiefel Center for Trade Policy Studies, said the US was now becoming “more protectionist than at any point since the Hoover administration”. 
Additional reporting by Sabrina Siddiqui and Dominic Rushe
• This article was amended on 23 January 2017 to correct an editing error. The North American Free Trade Agreement is 23 years old, not 17.



ARTICLE
The federal government can now ask the supreme court to review Thursday’s ruling to uphold a temporary restraining order on Donald Trump’s travel ban. But the US ninth circuit court of appeal’s unanimous ruling suggests that the administration will struggle to make a convincing argument.
With one seat vacant on the supreme court, the federal government would have to persuade one of the four liberal-leaning justices to break ranks. In the event of a 4-4 tie, the ninth circuit ruling remains in place. 
The supreme court could also sidestep controversy and defer an appeal, leaving the ruling in place as the case works its way through other courts. The Trump administration could choose to build its case in district court but a tweet, sent by the president not long after the order was released, suggested he would take a request to the eight-justice supreme court as soon as possible.
“SEE YOU IN COURT,” Trump tweeted in capital letters. “THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!” 
The ninth circuit’s ruling applies only to the question of whether or not the earlier ruling by district judge James Robart, in Seattle, was correct in issuing the temporary restraining order. 
The separate legal proceedings to determine whether or not the travel ban is constitutional remain under way in Robart’s court, where the states of Washington and Minnesota originally brought suit against the federal government. 
But the court battle over the temporary injunction still provides a preview of what’s to come in that case. The ninth circuit was tasked with determining whether the federal government had shown a likelihood of winning its case and a likelihood of suffering immediate and irreparable harm if the restraining order was not lifted. 
The government failed to show either, the ninth circuit wrote. 
One of the government’s key arguments was that the state of Washington lacked “standing” – the legal right to sue – but the court ruled that it did, naming for example the costs to state universities. The court also “note[d] the serious nature of the allegations the States have raised with respect to their religious discrimination claims”. 
That statement is probably not a good sign for the Trump administration, which has argued, despite Trump’s own campaign statements, that the travel ban is not aimed at Muslims. 
The government also offered the novel legal theory that irreparable harm would befall the country if the judicial branch of the government had the power to review executive orders relating to national security or immigration. 
The three judges showed little patience for this argument during a hearing on Tuesday, saying that the government had failed to show how a temporary restraining order would cause harm. But they brought the hammer down in the ruling on the government’s claim that the White House had “unreviewable authority” on matters of national security.
“There is no precedent to support this claimed unreviewability, which runs contrary to the fundamental structure of our constitutional democracy,” they wrote. “Although courts owe considerable deference to the president’s policy determinations with respect to immigration and national security, it is beyond question that the federal judiciary retains the authority to adjudicate constitutional challenges to executive action.”
The opinion could also be read as a sign that Trump’s continued denigration of federal judges and the courts, questioning their legitimacy and motives, will not go without a cost for the president. 
Indeed, at one point the judges appeared to scold the Trump administration for failing to do their homework. In a particularly caustic section, they pointed out that the government has not produced any evidence of a terrorist attack carried out by someone from one of the seven countries in question. 
“Rather than present evidence to explain the need for the Executive Order, the Government has taken the position that we must not review its decision at all,” they wrote. “We disagree.”



ARTICLE
The House intelligence committee investigation of the Trump campaign’s alleged links with Moscow looks in danger of unravelling as a result of the unexplained behaviour of its chairman, Devin Nunes, a former Trump adviser.
Such behaviour reportedly includes an unexplained disappearance from an Uber ride with a staffer on Tuesday night, described by his Democratic counterpart as a “peculiar midnight run”.
The investigation subsequently appeared to stall, with Nunes calling off a critical hearing scheduled for Tuesday 28 March, at a time when his Democratic counterpart on the committee, Adam Schiff, said he had seen more than circumstantial evidence of collusion between the Trump camp and Russia.
At an extraordinary committee hearing last Monday, the FBI director, James Comey, confirmed for the first time that the bureau was investigating Trump associates for possible collusion with Moscow.
At the hearing, Comey refused to name any of the campaign aides under FBI scrutiny. Schiff, the ranking Democrat, said he and Nunes had been given a classified briefing that involved evidence of collusion that “isn’t purely circumstantial”.
Schiff said he had persuaded Nunes to put in a joint request to Comey to share that evidence with the rest of the committee but said he did not know how the FBI director would respond.
Nunes, who served on Donald Trump’s transition team, subsequently put off the second hearing, which would have heard from former intelligence chiefs and a former deputy attorney general, Sally Yates, who was fired by Trump.
Nunes said he wanted to postpone the hearing to give the committee more time to confer with Comey and the National Security Agency director, Michael Rogers. Schiff, however, claimed the hearing had been cancelled to to “choke off public information” and avoid any more embarrassment to the White House.
Nunes has been under scrutiny over the past week for other reasons. He is reported to have gone missing on Tuesday night, under mysterious circumstances. The Daily Beast reported that Nunes received a message on his phone while travelling in a Uber car with a senior committee staffer in Washington, and then left the car abruptly without telling the staffer where he was going.
The next day he called a press conference, without telling his senior staff what he was going to say, and announced that he had seen “dozens” of intelligence reports that showed US intelligence agencies had “incidentally collected” material on members of the Trump transition team.
Such incidental collection happens when court-approved surveillance of an intelligence target picks up communications involving US persons who are not the formal target of the surveillance.
Nunes did not share the intelligence material he claimed to have seen with Democratic members of his committee, and instead outraged them further by briefing Trump. He said later: “I had a duty and obligation to tell him because, as you know, he’s taking a lot of heat in the news media.”
The president later said he felt “somewhat” vindicated in his repeated claims to have been the target of an Obama administration wiretap, even though those claims have been repudiated by Comey, intelligence chiefs and senior Republicans who said there was no evidence for them.
Schiff lambasted Nunes for failing to share the documents he said the committee chairman had gone to see in “this extraordinary and peculiar midnight run”.
“You don’t take information to the White House instead of your own committee if it purports to shed light on one of things we’re investigating,” Schiff told the San Francisco Chronicle, suggesting that the whole incident was designed to provide political cover for Trump’s tweeted claims. 
“It’s hard to have confidence if the chairman is going to be involved in that sort of conduct,” he said.
Nunes would not say who had shown him the documents – only that they were “legally brought to me by sources who thought that we should know it”.
Nunes’ Tuesday night foray to see possibly critical documents, his failure to share those documents with the committee, his decision to brief the president instead, and his abrupt cancellation of Tuesday’s hearing have all raised questions over whether the intelligence committee under his chairmanship can continue its inquiry into reported Russian intervention in the 2016 election with any credibility. 
“The chairman has to make a decision over whether he is a surrogate for the president, as he was during the campaign and transition, or whether he’s leading a bipartisan investigation,” Schiff told the Chronicle, “because he can’t do both. 
“This week, unfortunately, he behaved like a surrogate and that is a real problem.”
The California Democrat, however, ruled out a boycott of the committee, arguing that would lead to the complete collapse of the investigation. 
“If we were going to walk away and say the chairman is fatally compromised and we’re not going to participate, then none of this is going to get investigated by the House and that’s just not acceptable,” Schiff said. “So we’re going to soldier on.”
A separate Senate investigation is due to hold its first open hearing on the Russian role in the election on Thursday, but no serving officials will appear.
Schiff said Nunes’ behaviour added weight to calls from Democrats and a few Republicans for a special bipartisan commission to be created to investigate alleged Russian interference in the 2016 election and the Trump camp’s possible involvement in it. 



ARTICLE
The creators of chocolate bars, pencils and sensible trousers joined Trump opponents this week.
After Trump issued an executive order undercutting Barack Obama’s 2015 clean power plan on Wednesday, major companies including Mars Inc, Staples, Levis Strauss and Gap Inc came forward to criticize Donald Trump’s climate agenda. 
While Trump says rolling back climate regulations will bring back coal jobs and spur job growth in the fossil fuel industry, some of America’s largest companies aren’t convinced. “We believe that investing in a low-carbon economy will not only help foster a healthier environment, it is also a key to unlocking new business growth potential for the US and around the world,” a Gap spokesperson told the Guardian. 
Read more about the companies resisting Trump here. 
A number of companies have said they will continue to abide by Obama’s plans anyway – something of a thumb in the eye for the new president.
As an aside: Mars Inc produces Skittles, the popular candy that got Donald Trump the Younger in trouble last year.
Bernie Sanders will headline a gathering of thousands of progressive activists in Chicago in June. 
People’s Summit 2.0, organized by a range of groups including Our Revolution, People for Bernie and National Nurses United, will feature speakers like Sanders along with workshops on things like training to run for office and non-violent direct action. Michael Moore, Linda Sarsour and Bill McKibben are also expected to attend.
The Guardian was at the inaugural People’s Summit last year.
Activists have been warned not to donate to fundraising campaigns that say they will publish members of Congress’ internet search history.
A number of GoFundMe campaigns sprung up after the House of Representatives voted to allow internet service providers to sell customers’ browsing data, sparking outrage over privacy concerns. The humorous campaigns aimed to purchase, then make public, individual politicians’ browser history. One such campaign raised over $190,000 in contributions.
But a number of tech experts have pointed out that exposing individual politicians data isn’t actually possible.
Artist Aram Han Sifuentes has created a “protest banner lending library” in Chicago. She’s created 60 different cloth banners, which are on display at the Chicago cultural center, and they’re all available to loan. Han Sifuentes told the Guardian she wanted to create something other people can use at demonstrations and rallies.
The tag #blackwomenatwork sprung up after Fox News host Bill O’Reilly mocked Rep Maxine Waters , accusing the congresswoman of wearing a “James Brown wig”.
Activist Brittany Packnett encouraged women to share their experience of being criticized at work.
• “I am an Arctic researcher,” writes Victoria Herrmann. “Donald Trump is deleting my citations.” Read her – rather scary – piece here.
• Meet “the activist Bonnie and Clyde” – a young couple spearheading the resistance movement in Portland, Oregon.
•The way for Democrats to win back the key, Trump-voting demographic of white males without a college education, “is to remind them, every day, that Trump has forgotten them”, Timothy Egan writes in the New York Times.



ARTICLE
 
The director of the FBI has few friends among Capitol Hill Democrats after his high-profile statements about Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential election. But some consider James Comey preferable to any FBI director Donald Trump would appoint, particularly in his weakened political state.
Comey is under significant political pressure. The US justice department’s internal watchdog has opened an inquiry into his decision to publicly discuss, days before the vote, an FBI investigation of Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, in violation of department regulations. 
Democrats were further stunned and angered after Comey refused to confirm any FBI counterintelligence inquiry, either in public hearings or in private briefings, into Trump’s associates’ ties with Russia. Days later, Trump shook Comey’s hand in a White House ceremony, which was followed by reports that Trump would retain Comey. The FBI director’s tenure runs through 2023, but is at the pleasure of the president. 
There is little sign of any thaw between Comey, a Republican and Bush administration veteran whom Barack Obama appointed in 2013, and Democrats, according to multiple Capitol Hill sources.
But some are pivoting to focus on whether and how Comey’s FBI examines any Russia connections to Trump’s circles, as well as its contributions to congressional inquiries into the same subject – one of which announced an expanded remit on Wednesday. 
A senior Democrat on the House judiciary committee, which oversees the FBI, pointed to the Russia-focused inquiries as a pragmatic argument for retaining Comey at the bureau.
“There may or may not be an investigation going on regarding the possible involvement of the Trump campaign with the Russians. I certainly wouldn’t want a new Trump appointee to come in and shut down any possible investigation,” said representative Jerrold Nadler.
“It would have been proper and right for him to be fired for what he did back in July or September, and for President Obama to appoint somebody else, but at this point, with a possible investigation going on, you wouldn’t want that changed by a new Trump appointee.” 
Eric Swalwell, a California Democrat on both the House intelligence and judiciary committees and a former prosecutor, said it was less important to have a relationship with Comey than to ensure the “independence” of the FBI, which joined with the CIA and NSA in a public conclusion that Russia interfered in the election for Trump’s benefit. 
“I have confidence he and the workforce will follow the evidence, because they did so with the role they played in the public report,” Swalwell said. 
The intelligence committee on which Swalwell serves on Wednesday announced it would deepen its own inquiry into Russian hacking and propaganda in the election. Like its Senate counterpart, the panel will now examine “any intelligence regarding links between Russia and individuals associated with political campaigns”, according to a joint statement from the panel chairman, Devin Nunes, a California Republican, and Adam Schiff, a California Democrat. 
Conspicuously, Nunes and Schiff said they expected to be able to view intelligence documents within secured rooms the committee maintains for viewing classified information – something the CIA refused the Senate intelligence committee during its investigation into torture. 
“It will not be adequate to review these documents, expected to be in the thousands of pages, at the agencies. They should be delivered to the House intelligence committee to provide members adequate time to examine their content,” the two congressmen said. 
The CIA refusal to permit Senate intelligence committee investigators to view internal material on Capitol Hill proved to be a fateful decision. Senate investigators learned years into their inquiry that CIA officials had surreptitiously transgressed digital barriers established on a shared network the agency maintained for Senate staffers at a Virginia facility, leading them to remove material from the Senate and read staffers’ drafts and even emails. 
“None of that can be allowed to ever happen again,” said Daniel Jones, a former FBI official and the lead Senate investigator for the torture report.
“The [House intelligence committee] is absolutely well within their rights to request that all relevant documents be produced in the committee secure spaces on Capitol Hill. And all members and the investigative staff should be provided with the necessary clearances to conduct this investigation – and that includes access to sensitive source information. Too often the intelligence committees defer to the executive branch. In this case, the committees need to stand their ground.”
Nadler, the New York Democrat on the judiciary committee, said Comey had “never shown any contrition” for his involvement in the election, which Clinton considers to have cost her the presidency. 
Still, with multiple investigations under way into Trump and the Russians that place the FBI in a central position, Nadler said he thought Democrats would come to accept Comey as the best available option. 
“I suspect if people think about it, it’ll be widespread, because no one trusts what Trump would do,” he said. 



ARTICLE
Munira Ahmed, a 32-year-old freelancer from Queens, has become the face of resistance to the Trump administration, her image carried by thousands of protesters in Saturday’s massed marches in opposition to the newly elected president.
The image, which shows the Bangladeshi American wearing a striking look of defiance and a hijab made from the Stars and Stripes, is by Shepard Fairey, an artist best known for his portrait of Barack Obama that came to symbolise the 44th president’s original message of hope. 
“It’s about saying, ‘I am American just as you are,’” Ahmed told the Guardian after returning to New York from Washington, where she took part in Saturday’s huge protest march. “I am American and I am Muslim, and I am very proud of both.”
Fairey’s work is part of a group project coordinated by the Amplifier Foundation under the title We the People. Work by Ernesto Yerena and Jessica Sabogal also features.
Fairey’s contributions are in the same simple ink block style as his Obama portrait, and include a black boy and a Latina accompanied by slogans: “Women are Perfect” and “Defend Dignity”. The portrait of Ahmed, however, has had the greatest cultural impact. 
In marches in many major US cities on Saturday, posters of the image were prominent. Fairey’s portrait also featured in full-page ads in several national newspapers, including the New York Times and the Washington Post, on inauguration day itself.
“It’s an honor because of what the picture represents,” Ahmed said. “It’s not anti-anything. It’s about inclusion. It’s about saying, ‘I am American just as you are.’” 
At the march in Washington, Ahmed said, “one congresswoman came up to me and said she knew immediately that the woman in the picture was me. I was surprised because I assumed people would think it was someone who covered [with a hijab] and I actually don’t.
“One group of girls asked me when I stopped covering, and I told them I never did.”
The photograph that Fairey used for his portrait is a decade old, Ahmed said. It was taken by Ridwan Adhami, a New York-based photographer who is also from Queens. He and Ahmed traveled to the New York stock exchange to compose the shot, anticipating that proximity to the site of the 9/11 terrorist attacks would add symbolic poignancy to their message. 
“The photo has had second and third lives,” said Ahmed, a freelance travel photographer. “It went viral before viral was really a thing when it was posted on Muslim blogs by people thinking it was kinda cool. Now it’s getting a third life that’s way bigger than it ever was previously.” 
Fairey’s portrait and Adhami’s photograph pose the same question: what does it mean to be Muslim and American when the US is engaged in conflicts in many Muslim countries?
“The intent was to make a strong statement,” Adhami told the Guardian. “So we made it down at Ground Zero to heighten the sense of: ‘We’re here, we’re Muslim, we are New Yorkers and we belong here.’”
As it happens, he added, greater poignancy may lie in the fact that a building owned by Trump – 40 Wall Street – can be seen in the background. 
Ahmed grew up in Jamaica, Queens, close to where Trump was raised in the gated Jamaica Estates. Her parents settled in the neighborhood after leaving Bangladesh in the late 1970s. Munira was born there. Family members also settled in Michigan. 
Ahmed and Adhami have both been drawn into the subject of American racial identity and the challenges to it that have surfaced in the years since 9/11.
“There’s so much that’s disappointing about so many people in agreement with the rhetoric that got this person, Donald Trump, elected,” Ahmed said, adding that she deliberately avoided watching Trump’s inauguration on Friday.
 “It’s unfortunate that there are still people who feel America is about excluding people of different origin. That to me is not what the core values of America are about. 
“A lot of the progress of this nation takes places because of immigrants so the idea [floated by Trump on the campaign trail] of a ban on Muslims or a Muslim registry is absurd. What makes this country great is pluralism. Our diversity is the envy of the world.” 
Adhami said he, like his subject, has felt the need to resist the rise in anti-Muslim sentiment in the years since 9/11. He has experienced implications that the terror attacks were his fault as a Muslim, he said, and contentious discussion about the Muslim community. 
“So I started working with many other Muslim artists who were creating work that represented and spoke to us artists who happen to be Muslim,” he said.
Each time the question of Muslim patriotism resurfaced, Adhami said, he reposted the image of his friend. With each turn, the picture became more deeply embedded, shared and posted again. Late last year, he was approached by the Amplifier Foundation.
Publicising the We the People project, Fairey told Middle East Eye it was important to create images of attacked and excluded communities, especially over positions held by Trump that are “in my opinion, fear-mongering and totally un-American”.
“The image of American flag hijab is very powerful,” Fairey said, “because it reminds people that freedom of religion is a founding principle of the United States and that there is a history of welcoming people to the United States who have faced religious persecution in their homelands.”
 For Adhami, his image of Ahmed is linked to some frustration. “I was over the image, and I was over having to make the statement: ‘I’m American,’” he said. 
“I was saddened that the conversation kept coming up. But when Donald Trump and this election season came up it was, unfortunately, once again relevant and once again necessary.”
Ahmed said the groundswell of racism that accompanied the rise of Trump had not blinded her to far worse conditions elsewhere, for instance the persecution of Muslims in Myanmar.
“As much as I can focus on everything that’s happening here in the US,” she said, “my worldview is a little bit broader. I know that we’re going to get through this. 
“We’ve been through tough things before and [the march on Saturday] was testament to the fact that things are not as despondent as they may appear.” 
The experience of the march, she said, would stay with her forever. “I felt love. I felt inclusiveness,” she said. “It’s going to take me a while to see what it really means when the dust settles.”
 On her return to New York, she found something she had left behind – and not by accident. 
“I had a ticket to the inauguration,” she said. “People were like: ‘If you want it you can have it.’ I didn’t. 
“It’s sitting on my kitchen counter like a beer coaster.”



ARTICLE
The Environmental Protection Agency and the Department of Agriculture have been placed under de facto gag orders by the Trump administration, according to documents obtained by news organizations.
The president has banned EPA employees from “providing updates on social media or to reporters”, according to interagency emails first obtained by the Associated Press, and barred them from awarding new contracts or grants as well. Trump is reportedly planning massive cuts and rollbacks for the agency.
This follows similar guidance to USDA employees, who were instructed in an internal memo obtained by BuzzFeed not to release “any public-facing documents” including “news releases, photos, fact sheets, news feeds, and social media content” until further notice. Specifically the request was made to employees of the Agricultural Research Service, the USDA’s primary research wing, which is heavily involved in research regarding climate change. 
In a statement Tuesday, the USDA called the email sent to staff “flawed” and said the proposed policy would be replaced. “This internal email was released without departmental direction, and prior to departmental guidance being issued,” the statement read. “ARS values and is committed to maintaining the free flow of information between our scientists and the American public.”
The two blackouts reported on Tuesday bring to at least five the number of federal agencies which have been ordered silent by Trump in as many days. In his briefing on Tuesday, Trump’s press secretary Sean Spicer said he needed to look further into the matter before making any comment.
Over the weekend, the Department of the Interior’s social media privileges were briefly suspended by the president after the National Park Service published a picture comparing Trump’s inauguration crowd to that of Barack Obama in 2009.
The tweet has since been deleted, and the NPS Twitter account has apologized for tweeting it.
“They had inappropriately violated their own social media policies,” Spicer told reporters on Tuesday. “There was guidance that was put out to the department to act in compliance with the rules that were set forth.”
Around the time of Spicer’s briefing, the social media account for the Badlands National Park seemed to defy whatever guidance had been given them by the Trump administration. The Badlands account started tweeting facts about the perils of global warming, noting for instance that there is more carbon dioxide in the atmosphere “than at any time in the last 650,000 years”. No one replied to requests for interviews at the South Dakota branch of the NPS.
As of approximately 5.30pm on Tuesday, their tweet thread had apparently been deleted.
Then, according to Politico, Department of Transportation employees were instructed on Monday “not to publish news releases or engage on Dot’s social media accounts”. This was not described as an order, but a “recommendation”.
Huffington Post also reported that officials at sub-agencies of the Department of Health and Human Services have been told not to send “any correspondence to public officials”.
Social media, and specifically Twitter, was integral to Trump’s campaign for the presidency. Since his inauguration, he has tweeted almost 40 times, from his two accounts.
The Department of Defense tweeted on Monday: “Social media postings sometimes provide an important window into a person’s #mentalhealth”, which some pundits considered a reference to Trump’s occasional early morning Twitter rants.
Additional reporting by Alan Yuhas 



ARTICLE
A few weeks ago, over 50 prominent Labour MPs, peers and trade union leaders joined Muslim and Jewish leaders in signing a statement to “Stand Up to Trump, Stand Up to Racism” and appealing to others to join us. Demonstrations are planned in London and Glasgow and other European capitals on UN Anti-Racism Day (18 March).
This is now more urgent after the killings at a Canadian mosque (Report, 31 January) and the burning down of a mosque in Texas which followed President Trump’s incendiary ban targeting Muslims entering the US
Every rightwing figure and organisation is rejoicing at the prospect of President Trump. The shameful list stretches from Marine Le Pen and the Front National in France, Geert Wilders in Holland, Norbert Hofer in Austria, rightwing leaders in Poland and Hungary to most of the Republican party and the Ku Klux Klan. In Britain Nigel Farage and Ukip are at the head of the Trump bandwagon with Theresa May and the Tories not far behind.
Racism – whether Islamophobia, or antisemitism, relentless scapegoating of migrants and refugees, the disregard for black lives or, shockingly, blatant belief in white supremacy – is growing significantly. Racial attacks and other hate crimes are worryingly on the rise. In addition, Trump’s election is encouraging and legitimising a backlash against women’s and LGBT+ rights – hard won over the past half century – not to mention the devastating prospect of climate change.
Well over a million people have signed the online petition calling on Theresa May to withdraw the invitation to President Trump to visit the UK. We call on everyone of goodwill – Muslim and non-Muslim alike – to join the campaign. Peter HainLabour, House of Lords
• Some of your correspondents claiming “Double standards on Trump’s state visit” (Letters, 31 January) rather miss the point by crying “hypocrisy”. It may be true that some of those who signed the petition against Trump’s state visit – and who demonstrated en masse against his travel ban – have not protested against similar human rights abuses committed by other nations. But now these (mainly young) people have been provoked by the actions of the most powerful leader of the capitalist world, is the best response to berate them, or to educate them? Those of us who have spent much of our lives protesting against tyranny wherever it appears should be delighted to see such a mass response. We need to build this movement, share our experience and knowledge, and help connect the dots for those who are newly engaged in political action. Professor Helen ColleyHonorary professorial research fellow, Institute of Education, University of Manchester
• Less than one-60th of the UK population has signed a petition against a state visit by Donald Trump; this is the vocal minority. The only way to find out what the British people really think is to have a referendum. Last time that happened things didn’t go too well for the liberal left who found that they were out of touch with the feelings of a sizeable portion of the population.Andy BrownDerby
• Despite a cross-party consensus that the US travel ban is “divisive, discriminatory and wrong”, we still despise the Tories. And they still ridicule us. Despite a “petition of the outraged” being massively outnumbered by a snap poll (over 30% approve of the travel ban), we still insist we speak for the nation (even though the petition responses are so overtly London centric). And despite the US knowing more about practical democracy than the rest of the world put together, we still believe we know best (at a time when the Labour party is in meltdown).
Surely, if we reduce ourselves to a party of flag-burners and placard-protesters, and continue to ignore the fair and reasonable forces of family self-interest, we will cede the protection of working people to others. One-nation fairness ought not to be an impossible balance.
At the end of the day the smartest political party is the one with the best arguments (and therefore the one with the most seats).Mike AllottChandler’s Ford, Hampshire
• “We should promote democracy and human rights in Russia,” writes Paul Mason (We need a Dump Trump foreign policy – otherwise the UK faces catastrophe, G2, 31 January). We also need to offer strong and public moral support to those American citizens promoting democracy and human rights in the US. I refer to the dire need to restore full, constitutional voting rights to all American citizens, by restoring the Voting Rights Act 1965 to the condition it was in before being gutted by the US supreme court in its judgment of Shelby County v Holder (2013). The scale of “voter suppression” in the recent US general election has gone almost unreported in the UK. It’s about time we woke up to the retreat of democracy in that country.David WhalleyMacclesfield, Cheshire
• I am confused by the logic of we have to invite President Trump because we have invited worse in the past. Those who fail to learn from history are doomed to repeat it, perhaps.Chris GeorgeSeaford, East Sussex
• To temper Trump and to reverse the rise of the extreme right in Europe will not just require the “popular resistance” demanded by Owen Jones (Opinion, 31 January), but also a popular economic alternative. Donald Trump and the likes of Marine Le Pen know exactly what they and the majority want: less immigration and more protection of domestic jobs. Indeed, Trump is correct in his view that “Free trade’s no good” for the US. What most leaders fail to yet understand is that the same is true for all countries.
Trump is therefore right to have an “America first” approach to trade, but wrong to be a one-sided protectionist who still wants to export but not to import if it displaces US jobs. To avoid this rerun of the 30s when countries protected their own borders while trying to export to others will requires a new kind of “progressive protectionism” for all countries, one that reduces global trade and shifts the emphasis to protecting and rebuilding national economies and having managed rather than large scale migration.
Since Trump came to power there have been a lot of loose parallels made with Hitler, but the one thing they do have in common is they offered to their electorates what was seen as a solution to the all pervasive insecurity felt by their voters. Progressives need to concentrate not just on demonstrations which quickly lose momentum, but instead work out how to provide a sense of economic security for the majority before history repeats itself.Colin Hines(Author, Progressive Protectionism) East Twickenham, Middlesex
• I agree with Owen Jones that the Women’s March that followed the inauguration, and the huge worldwide demonstrations against the banning of citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries entering the US, offer hope for those wishing to undermine Trumpism. But the very fact that so many people are demonstrating and indeed are free to demonstrate – many of them inside the US itself – should remind us that in contrast to any other world power, America, for all its faults, is still the only country that the free world trusts to safeguard the values that it holds so dear. Contrast this with Saudi Arabia, where nobody wastes their time demonstrating against that country’s refusal to allow Christians to openly practise their religion or to even enter the holy cities of Mecca and Medina. Stan Labovitch Windsor, Berkshire
• Join the debate – email guardian.letters@theguardian.com
• Read more Guardian letters – click here to visit gu.com/letters



ARTICLE
Barack Obama returned to the public stage on Monday with some wry jokes, a smart-casual outfit, and a pledge to direct his post-presidential energy to nurturing the next generation of leaders.
Speaking at the University of Chicago in his adopted home town, the former US president was relaxed and in good humour, like a man who has been on a long holiday, which he has. He wore a dark jacket and white shirt with tieless open collar and began by quipping: “So, uh, what’s been going on while I’ve been gone?”
There was laughter from an audience of community organisers, activists and students, a group unlikely to contain many supporters of Donald Trump, who has made groundless claims of wiretapping against his predecessor and whose 100th day in office is on Saturday.
Obama’s political afterlife – he is still only 55 – has been the subject of much speculation and he has evidently been pondering the issue himself since leaving the White House on 20 January. On Monday he provided an answer: he will concentrate, above all, on trying to fix America’s dysfunctional politics.
“I’m spending a lot of time thinking about what is the most important thing I can do for my next job and what I’m convinced of is that, although there are all kinds of issues that I care about and all kinds of issues that I intend to work on, the single most important thing I can do is to help in any way I can prepare the next generation of leadership to take up the baton and to take their own crack at changing the world.”
Issues, such as economic inequality and lack of opportunity, a skewed criminal justice system and climate change, must be confronted, he noted, adding: “All those problems are serious, they’re daunting, but they’re not insoluble. What is preventing us from tackling them and making more progress really has to do with our politics and civic life.”
Obama also highlighted the gerrymandering that he said had driven Democrats and Republicans further apart, the influence of money in politics that lets special interests dominate debates in Washington, and changes in the media that leave people listening to those who already agree with them, “further reinforcing their own realities to the neglect of a common reality that allows us to have a healthy debate and then try to find common ground and actually move solutions forward”.
About 20 or 30 years ago “there was a common baseline of facts”, he added. “The internet has in some ways accelerated this sense of people having entirely different conversations … Or maybe you’re just looking at cat videos, which is fine.”
Obama reflected on the most memorable line of his breakthrough speech at the Democratic national convention in Boston nearly 13 years ago. “When I said in 2004 that there were no red states or blue states, there were the United States of America, that was an aspirational comment,” he said, to some mirth in the audience. Obama remained serious, pressing on: “And it’s one, by the way, that I still believe in the sense that when you talk to individuals one on one, there’s a lot more that people have in common than divides them. But obviously it’s not true when it comes to our politics and our civic life and maybe more pernicious is the fact that people just aren’t involved; they get cynical and they give up.”
The only people able to fix this problem are the young, he said, and now he intends to focus on the barriers that discourage young people from public service. “I want to work with them to knock down those barriers and get this next generation to accelerate their move toward that leadership. If that happens, I think we’re going to be just fine.”
Obama, who had expected Hillary Clinton to succeed him, has kept a low profile since the end of his second term. He has focused on building his foundation and starting to write his memoir, along with taking some holiday time in Palm Springs, California, and the British Virgin Islands, where he spent time with billionaire businessman Richard Branson, and on the yacht of music mogul David Geffen near the island of Moorea in French Polynesia. But he issued a statement in support of protests against Trump’s travel bans on several Muslim-majority countries.
On Monday, after brief remarks, the 44th president moderated a panel discussion with young activists and leaders. He hit on themes familiar from his presidency and his earlier career as a community organiser in Chicago. There was also self-deprecation – “I’m old” – and lighthearted advice about the diplomacy of marriage and not oversharing on social media. “If you had pictures of everything I’d done in high school, I probably wouldn’t have been president of the United States,” he said.
He did not mention Trump by name but did offer a coded attack on his anti-immigration crackdown, saying it was important for critics to understand that foreigners coming to the US were “overwhelmingly families who are just looking for a better life for their children. I would say, sometimes in crowds that didn’t want to hear, it’s not like everyone in Ellis Island had all their papers straight.”
Immigration has always been a “bit loose and haphazard”, he continued, sometimes driven by economic imperatives or biases. “If you look at what was said about Irish when they were coming here … They talked about them the same way people talk about immigrants today … The realities of seeing immigrants as people, not other, is important.”
But the former president also called on pro-immigration advocates to have “respect” for those who are concerned about the system and not assume they are “automatically racist”. He observed: “That’s an example of us being able to listen.”
About 500 people attended the invitation-only even, which was also televised. Obama, who had given his presidential farewell speech in Chicago in January, evidently relished his return to the spotlight but said at one point: “I’m a little out of practice. Where’s the staff person? How long are we supposed to be here?”
And despite Trump’s attempts to undo his healthcare reforms and much else in his legacy, he concluded on an upbeat note. “There’s a reason why I’m always optimistic even when things are not going the way I want and that’s because of young people like this,” he observed.



ARTICLE
Hundreds of self-described anti-fascist protesters and supporters of Donald Trump clashed in Berkeley, California, in sporadic brawls on Saturday. Protests in cities around the rest of the country, including a number of “tax marches” in which demonstrators called for Trump to release his tax returns, proceeded more peacefully.
In Berkeley, police told media they had arrested 13 people by mid-afternoon, as opposing rallies spilled out of a park and into the streets. 
With several hundred people on each side, the crowds mostly taunted each other with bullhorns, chants and shouts. Occasionally, anti-Trump protesters threw fireworks. Small bands on both sides chased each other or brawled, sometimes with wooden planks, homemade shields, poles and pepper spray.
One standoff at a downtown intersection ended only when a smoke grenade detonated. In confusion, anti-Trump protesters fled as supporters of the president charged after them, attacking stragglers. In one altercation, demonstrators threw a pot of beans at each other. 
In another altercation, a protester who stole a Trump flag was chased down in front of a store and punched, until allies ran to his side and started to beat the Trump supporter involved. As with the other fights, it was eventually separated. At least a dozen people were seen bloodied or suffering the effects of pepper spray.
The first event planned for Saturday was a “pro-free speech rally” by a group of Trump supporters. Opposing groups quickly organized their own event. 
Demonstrators in both camps bemoaned how hard it was to communicate with the other side, though occasionally they came together, often helping bystanders caught off guard. At one point an anti-fascist shared her marijuana with a Trump supporter. For most of the day, each side shouted slogans, like “neo-fascists got to go” and “just plain commies off the streets”.
Unlike previous clashes in Berkeley – such as a February protest that forced the far-right writer Milo Yiannopoulos to cancel an event, and a March rally that led to 10 arrests – Trump supporters numbered at least as many if not more than their rivals. At one point an older man shouted: “I claim Berkeley for the alt-right.”
Lauren Southern, a Canadian activist popular in rightwing media, similarly declared: “We won the battle of Berkeley!”
By 4pm local time, the various factions had mostly dispersed, leaving streets by and large calm and the park quiet.
“They picked Berkeley because they want to feel they could do this in the most liberal place in the country,” said Geoff Millard, an anti-Trump protester, Iraq war veteran and Mr San Francisco Leather 2017. “It’s important that we shut them down and let them know they can’t pull this crap here.”
Millard said the “antifascist” protest was meant “to make Nazis afraid” and said “the ideology that they propose puts public citizens at risk”. 
Others against the president variously argued that there were limits to free speech or that their goal was to use their own voices to overwhelm and marginalize certain views that have appeared on the far right, for instance antisemitism and racism.
Several Trump supporters said they also felt uncomfortable about those elements. One man, who would describe himself as a Trump supporter from the Bay area, held a sign that read “Da Goyim Know” next to an image of a cross. He said the sign “means we’re sick of living under neocon rule”.
“I think there are too many Jewish supremacists in the government and in the media,” he said. “If people of European descent want to stand up for their rights and just want equal rights, they’re called white supremacists.”
Accusations of antisemitism, he said, were used “to justify anti-white racism”. 
Trump supporters nearby said they did not agree, and stressed the eclectic mix of ideas on their side: self-described “non-progressives”, libertarians, populists, “traditionalists”, reluctant converts, and a faction called the Proud Boys: a Bay area group of men, mostly in their 30s, who call themselves “western chauvinists”. 
One Proud Boy, who called himself Nick Money, said he was a Bernie Sanders supporter until he had “an awakening” last year. His group was providing security for Southern, who has previously encouraged Trump supporters take action in self-defense against “disgusting antifa scum”. In a video earlier this year, she said: “While we should never start a fight we should always end it.”
Despite Saturday’s scuffles, however, partisans on both sides mostly mocked and berated each other, phones and cameras raised. Police broke up fights but mostly stood apart. A solitary vendor appeared for the usual Saturday farmers market, which was canceled, and a Berkeley stalwart who calls himself Common Terry shouted that Trump supporters “hate our farmers market”. 
Nearby, an “empathy tent” stood empty of protesters, though a volunteer said she had helped several people from both sides there, just before a man in a “Make America Great Again” hat stopped by to pick up a jacket his wife had left behind.
A peaceful mood reigned at marches in more than 100 other cities across the US on Saturday, as protesters demanded the release of the president’s personal tax returns.
In Washington, protesters rallied on the west lawn of the Capitol before a march to the Lincoln Memorial. Many wore pink knitted hats with “pussy ears”, which were first seen en masse at the Women’s March in the capital in January. 
Audrey Wagner, a DC resident, questioned the motives behind Trump’s refusal to release his tax returns. 
“We need to know: what are his conflicts of interest? Does he have ties to Russia?” she said.
Other protesters carried signs that remarked on the president’s frequent visits to Mar-a-Lago, his private resort in Palm Beach, Florida where he is spending the Easter weekend with his family. Hundreds of activists marched there too, meeting a group of Trump supporters. Florida police reported no violence.
In DC, lawmakers including Ron Wyden, Maxine Waters and Jamie Raskin addressed the crowd. Wyden, the ranking Democrat on the Senate finance committee, has introduced legislation that would require sitting presidents, including Trump, to release their tax returns for the past three years. Trump has refused to release his returns, breaking with more than 40 years of precedent.
Trump said during the campaign that he would release his returns when the audit was complete. But after his inauguration, aide Kellyanne Conway said the president would not release his tax returns and that “people didn’t care”.
Amanda Taub, a professor at Vermont Law School, told the Guardian this week Conway’s comments sparked the idea for a Tax Day march.
“Trump said people don’t care about his tax returns,” said one marcher in Washington on Saturday, Michelle Lee, from nearby Alexandria, Virginia. “That’s clearly not the case. So get off the golf course and show us what you’re hiding.”
Pieces of Trump’s tax history have dribbled out, including two pages of Trump’s 2005 returns and documents from his 1995 filing, which showed a $916m loss and that Trump could have used a loophole to legally avoid federal income taxes for over a decade.





ARTICLE
In her first interview since losing the 2016 election, Hillary Clinton said misogyny had played a role in her election loss.
Clinton “spends a lot of time wrestling” with the fact that 53% of white women voted for Trump and the impact of her gender on her loss, she said at the Women in the World summit. 
“Certainly misogyny played a role,” she said.
In a wide-ranging interview, Clinton also called for US intervention in Syria, spoke about how being an ambitious woman had turned her into “Typhoid Mary”, and called for a bipartisan investigation into Russian interference in the election.
Clinton called on politicians on both sides to “start acting like patriotic Americans” by investigating Russian involvement in the election.
“What was done to us was an act of aggression and it was carried out by a foreign power under the control of someone who has a deep desire to dominate Europe and to send us into a tailspin,” Clinton said at the Women in the World summit. “What Putin wanted to do was sow distrust and confusion as well as influence our election.” 
The former secretary of state explained that she believed Russian’s interference was “the weaponization of information” in the form of “a thousand agents, bots and trolls” and that an independent, non-partisan investigation was needed.
“I’m hopeful Congress will pull together and realize because of the success the Kremlin feels it had, they’re not going to go away,” she said.
 The New York Times reporter Nicholas Kristof, who conducted the interview in front of thousands at a Lincoln Center theater, asked if Syria policy had been the biggest mistake of the Obama administration.
Clinton reiterated that in 2012, she and the then CIA director, David Petraeus, had devised a plan to arm rebels, but it was rejected.
“I thought we should have done more at that point,” she said.
She noted that most of the civilian deaths came because of airstrikes and argued that more could still be done to stop Assad’s airforce and protect civilians.
“I really believe we should have and still should take out his airfields and prevent him from being able to bomb innocent people and drop sarin gas on them,” said Clinton.
As for what comes next, Clinton is working on a book that delves into why she failed to win the election.
Research shows that for men, success and ambition are correlated, while for women it’s the opposite, noted Clinton. She pointed out that when she left the state department, she had a high 65% approval rating.
“It was a job I was asked to do by a man,” said Clinton, noting that public opinion changed when she declared her interest in running for the highest office in the land.
“By the time they finished with me, I was Typhoid Mary,” said Clinton.
Mary Mallon, the first person in the US with typhoid, was quarantined and kept alone for decades.
“Poor Mary, she didn’t deserve it either, when you go back and look at the history,” said Clinton.
Clinton also took some digs at the man who took the job she had sought.
When talking about Vladimir Putin’s attempts to destabilize the US, she pointed out that he did not like strong women, “although he did shake hands with me”, a clear reference to Donald Trump’s refusal to shake Angela Merkel’s hand during a White House meeting. 
The crowd, which gave Clinton a standing ovation when she appeared, laughed and cheered.
She also dryly quipped that she found Trump’s failed attempt to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act “somewhat gratifying”.



ARTICLE
The annual dinner hosted by the White House Correspondents’ Association, in Washington, is traditionally an occasion when the US president is lampooned and ridiculed to his face, and is expected to take the ribbing in good part.
So Donald Trump’s decision to boycott this year’s event looks like a serious sense of humour failure, indicative of his rapidly deteriorating relationship with the media. 
But Trump is by no means the first American leader to fall out with the press and fail to see the joke. Thomas Jefferson, the third US president, complained bitterly about what would now be called fake news, a subject close to Trump’s heart. “Nothing can now be believed which is seen in a newspaper. Truth itself becomes suspicious by being put into that polluted vehicle,” Jefferson wrote in 1807. 
Luckily for him, perhaps, Jefferson did not have to break bread with journalists in front of television cameras. The WHCA was not formed until 1914 and its annual dinners began in 1921. But age-old tensions were not dispelled. 
In 1913, Woodrow Wilson had threatened to scrap presidential news conferences after complaining that “certain evening newspapers” had quoted remarks he considered off the record. 
The founders of the WHCA issued a binding code of conduct for reporters to reassure Wilson and persuade him to keep the White House doors open. Wilson relented but, like Trump, he heartily disliked press conferences, which he thought a tedious waste of time. He stopped holding them altogether in 1915. 
Although notorious for their funny and satirical speeches, these White House journalists’ dinners often carry a sharp political edge. Richard Nixon, who famously blamed hostile hacks after a 1962 election defeat in California, saying “you won’t have Nixon to kick around any more”, skipped the event entirely, back in 1972. 
During the Watergate scandal that brought him down, a besieged Nixon told advisers: “The press is your enemy. Enemies. Understand that? … Because they’re trying to stick the knife right in our groin.” His comments find an echo, decades later, in Trump’s repeated description of the media as the “enemy of the people”. 
Ronald Reagan did not attend the dinner in 1981, after being badly wounded in a roadside assassination attempt. But he gamely phoned in from Camp David instead. “If I could give you just one little bit of advice, when somebody tells you to get in a car quick, do it,” he joked. Reagan, known as the Great Communicator, added: “Well, I’m looking forward to the next news conference. I have so many questions to ask you all.” 
Bill Clinton always liked a party and attended all eight dinners during his two terms as president. He usually kept his cool. In 2000 he said he forgave the jokes made at his expense by the comedian Jay Leno: “Me and Leno, we give hope to grey-haired, chunky, baby-boomers everywhere.” But Clinton, too, railed against the media at other times, once publicly condemning “purveyors of hatred and division” on the public airwaves.
George W Bush, himself a noted practical joker, got it in the neck from the comedian Stephen Colbert in 2006, who ruthlessly parodied his “no fact zone” philosophy of government, especially in Iraq. He likened him to Sylvester Stallone’s fictional boxer Rocky Balboa whom everyone wanted to punch in the face. Bush took it on the chin. 
Some of the harshest treatment in recent years was dealt out by the comedian and writer Seth Meyers, who went after Trump at the 2011 dinner. Meyers likened Trump’s appearance to an “old rusty bird cage”, saying the billionaire preferred Fox News because he wore a fox on his head. He predicted Trump “running as a Republican” in 2016 would be more like “running as a joke”. Funny, but wrong. 
The other person to needle Trump in 2011 was, of course, Barack Obama, who used the WHCA platform, year in year out, to display a masterly mix of self-deprecation and shrewd mockery of the media. 
At the height of the so-called birther controversy – Trump’s questioning whether or not Obama had been born in the US – the latter noted that Trump was among the dinner attendees at the 2011 event, and said: “I know that he’s taken some flak lately, but no one is happier, no one is prouder to put this birth certificate issue to rest, and that’s because he can finally get back to focusing on the issues that matter, like did we fake the moon landing? What really happened in Roswell? And where are Biggie and Tupac?” 
The WHCA dinner, known inside the Beltway as the Nerd Prom, has been criticised in recent years for encouraging unseemly cosiness between independent media and those in power. Some news organisations, such as the New York Times, no longer attend. Guardian US made it clear last month that it would not be attending this year’s dinner. 
Problems with over-friendliness seem unlikely to recur in the Trump era. With the president finding the after-dinner jokes hard to swallow and taking himself off the menu in April, there are now suggestions his spot should be taken by the actor Alec Baldwin – the merciless, orange-faced, late-night TV impersonator of Trump. 



ARTICLE
US senators have gone into damage control for the American-Australian alliance after President Donald Trump’s acrimonious phone call with Malcolm Turnbull.
Republican senators Lamar Alexander and Marco Rubio, along with Democrats Ben Cardin and Ed Markey, have introduced a bipartisan resolution “reaffirming a strong commitment to the United States-Australian alliance relationship”.
It describes the alliance as a “sacred vow of friendship and trust” and Australia as a faithful and reliable partner.
Alexander told the Senate on Monday night he did not know what happened during the infamous phone call between the leaders but he did know the people of the US did not have better friends than the people of Australia.
“Even though they lived down under on the other side of the world, for a century Australians have stood with us every time we were at war. And we have stood with them,” he said.
Alexander spent six months living in Australia with his family about 30 years ago.
The Washington Post last week reported Trump had hung up on Turnbull during a heated phone call over a refugee resettlement deal, a claim the prime minister denies.
It reported that Trump told Turnbull he had spoken to four other world leaders that day, including Russian President Vladimir Putin, and “this was the worst call by far”.
Republican Senator John McCain later phoned Australia’s US ambassador, Joe Hockey, to express “unwavering support” for the US-Australian relationship and described Trump’s treatment of Turnbull as “unnecessary and frankly harmful”.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump on Monday signed a revised executive order to reinstate a ban on immigration from certain Muslim-majority countries and suspend the US refugee program.
The new ban, which revokes a previous order issued on 27 January that prompted instant chaos and was eventually blocked by federal judges, marked a significant retreat for Trump and his administration’s vigorous defense of the original travel ban as being within the president’s legal authority. But activists said they were planning to challenge the new ban.
The new order seeks to address prior complaints by removing language that granted priority to religious minorities for refugee resettlement, which had been viewed as targeting Muslims. It states that Trump’s original directive “was not motivated by animus toward any religion”, a remark rejected instantly by refugee advocates and civil liberty groups, who said they planned to challenge the second order on similar grounds.
It also includes specific exemptions for lawful permanent residents, who had initially been covered by the previous order.
And it removes Iraq from the list of targeted states, and implements a more gradual rollout, meaning the new travel ban will not come into full effect for another 10 days.
“Make no mistake,” the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, told reporters on Monday in reference to the changes. “We lost the element of surprise back when the court enjoined this in the ninth circuit and we had to go back to the drawing board.”
The president quietly signed the order away from the presence of cameras or the press, a noteworthy change from the original travel ban’s rollout at the Department of Defense on 27 January.
The revised ban was instead announced by the heads of the agencies that will be tasked with overseeing its implementation. Addressing a limited pool of reporters on Monday, the secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, Department of Homeland Security (DHS) secretary, John Kelly, and attorney general, Jeff Sessions, dubbed the move critical to US national security.
“As threats to our security continue to evolve and change,” Tillerson said, “common sense dictates that we continue to re-evaluate and reassess the systems that we rely upon to protect our country.”
The new travel ban blocks entry to the US for citizens from six of the seven countries named in Trump’s original order – Iran, Somalia, Sudan, Yemen, Syria and Libya – for a period of 90 days. Iraq was removed from the list after criticism that the original order overlooked the country’s role in fighting terrorism and barred entry even to the Iraqi interpreters who had been embedded with US forces in the region.
“Iraq is an important ally in the fight to defeat Isis,” Tillerson said on Monday.
Unlike the 27 January order, written by the White House and presented to the agencies as a fait accompli, an “interagency process” permitted concerns about second-order effects of the ban to influence the finished product. 
In the weeks since the ban was issued, US military and Pentagon officials have voiced concerns that their relationship with Iraq, critical to fighting the Islamic State, would be negatively affected. A US official said the defense secretary, James Mattis, and state department officials were responsible for overseeing “special immigration visas” for Iraqi employees of the US, which aided in getting Iraq off the ban. 
The revised order will also keep in place a 120-day suspension of the refugee program, but it will no longer identify Syrian refugees as subject to an indefinite ban. It also maintains a 50,000 annual cap on America’s refugee intake, which more than halved President Obama’s pledge to resettle 110,000 refugees in 2017.
Several other changes to the travel ban served as a tacit acknowledgement that the original order was hastily crafted and paved the way for a litany of legal questions.
That order was temporarily halted by a federal judge just days after it was issued. The ninth circuit federal appeals court upheld the ruling last month, denying the justice department’s request to reinstate it.
On Monday justice department attorneys informed the ninth circuit they believed the new order was unaffected by the court’s previous ruling. Bob Ferguson, the Washington state attorney general who brought the case against the federal government said in a statement he was “carefully reviewing” the new order.
Initial reaction to the revised order was positive among Republicans. The House speaker, Paul Ryan, who was among the few to aggressively defend the administration’s previous travel ban, said the revised order “advances our shared goal of protecting the homeland”.

The White House has continued to defend the travel ban as a pressing matter of national security. But the administration appeared to undermine its own rationale by delaying the revised order last week, citing a desire not to crowd out the positive media coverage that followed Trump’s joint address before Congress.
Chuck Schumer, the Senate Democratic leader, said the delay was “all the proof Americans need to know that this has absolutely nothing to do with national security”.
“A watered-down ban is still a ban,” Schumer said in a statement, adding: “It is mean-spirited, and un-American. It must be repealed.”
Grace Meng, an immigration researcher for Human Rights Watch’s US program, said the changes contained within Trump’s revised order were “merely cosmetic”.
“President Trump still seems to believe you can determine who’s a terrorist by knowing which country a man, woman or child is from,” Meng said in a statement. 
Other refugee advocacy groups vowed to challenge the order in court, arguing that the revised language did not alter the intent to discriminate against Muslims.
In Washington DC on Monday night, protesters gathered near the White House to denounce the modified ban.
High school senior Victoria Nicholson, of Woodbridge, Virginia, said she first heard about the protest from a friend on Twitter. She and a friend rushed to spray-paint a sign before dashing out the door to make it in time.
“I’m not going to settle for this,” she said. “It makes me so livid to see people who are OK with what’s going on because none of it is OK - from the ban to the wall. Nothing he is doing can be justified.”
Arona Kessler, an administrative assistant from Fairfax County, said she was alarmed by what she viewed as an attack on a single religion. 
“My great-grandparents came to the US and Canada to flee the Holocaust,” she said. “So it’s very scary to me to see specific groups of people singled out and targeted like this.” 
Officials at the DHS and state department told reporters on a conference call on Monday the objective was not to bar individuals on the basis of religion.
“This is not a Muslim ban in any way, shape or form,” an official said.
“There are dozens and hundreds of millions, if not one-point-something billion Muslims who are not subject to this executive order.”
The emphasis, the official added, was on countries where the US lacked “the ability to make adequate screening and vetting determinations for nationals under current procedures”.
But Trump, as a candidate, called for “a total and complete shutdown” of Muslim immigration to the US. After the president signed the initial travel ban, former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani, a close associate of Trump’s, said he asked him how to implement a Muslim ban legally.
“I’ll tell you the whole history of it: when he first announced it, he said ‘Muslim ban,’” Giuliani said on Fox News. “He called me up, he said, ‘Put a commission together, show me the right way to do it legally.’”
Legal experts say that interview, coupled with Trump’s own repeated statements, will probably continue to cloud the administration in legal challenges against the travel ban and its intent.
Findings from a DHS report, obtained by several news outlets in recent weeks, also cast doubt on the administration’s rationale.
The document, the authenticity of which was confirmed by the Guardian but framed by a DHS spokesperson as “incomplete”, noted that citizens from the countries identified in Trump’s ban are “rarely implicated in US-based terrorism”.
It further concluded that citizenship was an “unreliable indicator” of the threat posed by terrorism to the US.
DHS officials pushed back on the report in the call with reporters, citing classified information indicating a more significant threat. The justice department, they noted, had opened inquiries into 300 “refugees” for potential links to terrorism. But the officials declined to identify how many of those individuals came from the countries subject to the travel ban.
Faiza Patel, the co-director of the Liberty and National Security Program at the Brennan Center for Justice, said the term “open counter-terrorism investigation” was not indicative in and of itself that an individual was involved in any terrorist activity.
Under the Bush administration, the DoJ launched 11,667 “assessments” of people and groups from December 2008 to March 2009. But they resulted in only 427 more intensive investigations.



ARTICLE
The world is about to hear a whole lot more about Sean Spicer. Period.
As the public face of the Donald Trump administration, Spicer will be giving reporters daily briefings from the podium in the West Wing of the White House.
In fiction, the role of press secretary was played with aplomb by CJ Cregg (Allison Janney), sashaying from President Jed Bartlett’s office to the briefing room in the TV drama The West Wing. In real life, Barack Obama’s most recent mouthpiece was the urbane Josh Earnest, who had a penchant for jokey sports metaphors. 
Spicer, to put it mildly, has a different approach.
He kept reporters waiting for an hour on Saturday afternoon before barnstorming into his press room debut. Stocky, cropped-haired and wearing a grey pinstripe suit that was a tad too large around the collar, the 45-year-old gripped each side of the lectern and launched a blistering tirade against the media over what he called “deliberately false reporting”.
One example, he argued, was to do with the size of the crowd at Trump’s inauguration on Friday. 
“This was the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration – period – both in person and around the globe,” Spicer said angrily. “These attempts to lessen the enthusiasm of the inauguration are shameful and wrong.”
It was not the first time Spicer has used the word “period” for emphasis and it will probably not be the last. He also warned, “we’re going to hold the press accountable”, a phrase that would be chilling in many regimes around the world.
Where Earnest was usually measured, Spicer was brash, loud and combative, entirely in sync with his boss, who earlier in the day told an audience at CIA headquarters that he had “a running war with the media”. He wrapped up after five minutes and marched off, ignoring a cacophony of shouted questions. The dissatisfaction on faces of reporters on the front row spoke volumes.
“I feel like I’m back at school, being given a ticking off by the head teacher,” sighed one. Another filed a TV report that said Spicer “tore a strip off the media as wide as an Iowa farm”.
Spicer, who is also a lieutenant in the naval reserve, grew up in Rhode Island. His father is an insurance agent and his mother an academic manager at a university. At Connecticut College, according to a Washington Post interview last year, he “caught the student government bug after the sailing team could no longer satisfy his competitive urges”.
“Surrounded by liberal classmates, he began to think of himself as Republican. His agenda wasn’t particularly partisan – working to ban smoking in a dining hall, fighting for cable TV in the dorms. But the seeds of his contentious relationship with the press had already been sown.
“‘I am writing in response to the article in the 26 April edition of the Voice in which my name was misspelled,’” he wrote to his school paper in 1993. While the paper had told him it had been unintentional, he believed ‘that it was a malicious and intentional attack’.” 
The paper had called him ‘Sean Sphincter’.
“‘The first amendment does uphold the right to free speech,’ he said. ‘However, this situation goes beyond the bounds of free speech.’”
Spicer studied politics at the American University in Washington, became communications director for the Republican Conference in the House, then joined George W Bush’s administration as spokesman for the US trade representative. He played the Easter Bunny at the White House Easter egg roll.
Spicer is the Republican National Committee’s longest-serving communications director, having started in 2011, later adding the job title “chief strategist”. He is credited with boosting its social media operations, building an in-house TV production team and creating a rapid response effort to reply to attacks. 
His Twitter reponses to news stories include: “Another example of false, reprehensible, pathetic, tabloid faux journalism.”
The Washington Post interview said: “One editor of a DC-based publication said she’s been on the receiving end of so many Spicer tirades that when he calls her at home, her young child will recognize his voice and burst into tears. ‘Sean Spicer,’ she says, ‘is a curse word in our house’.”
Like many Republicans, Spicer was critical of Trump before going to work for him. When the billionaire businessman criticised John McCain, senator and former prisoner of war in Vietnam, Spicer issued a statement: “Senator McCain is an American hero because he served his country and sacrificed more than most can imagine. Period.”
By last summer he was having to clear up the mess of Melania Trump’s Republican convention speech having been partly plagiarised from an address by Michelle Obama. He memorably claimed on CNN that the phrases were widely used, including in a children’s cartoon: “Twilight Sparkle from My Little Pony said, ‘This is your dream. Anything you can do in your dreams, you can do now.’”
Now he is in the harshest of spotlights. The job of press secretary has drawn its share of characters. Michael McCurry, representing Bill Clinton, once began a briefing as an “anonymous official” with a paper bag over his head.
It also draws fire. At a parting breakfast with journalists this week, hosted by the Christian Science Monitor, Earnest said: “The stakes are just higher and every sentence and in some cases every word that you choose to utter is being closely watched around the world and has global consequences.”
He noted the example of former press secretary Robert Gibbs who, discussing US-UK relations, inadvertently neglected to use the timeworn phrase “special relationship”, triggering a “not insignificant kerfuffle on both sides of the Atlantic ocean”.
Spicer has an added problem never faced by a press secretary before. Trump’s shoot-from-the-hip tweets may take him by surprise as much as anyone. 
Earnest said: “One of the things that will be challenging is it’s apparent that the president-elect often sends tweets without consulting him and that has the potential to put Mr Spicer in a difficult situation if the tweets of the president-elect are not effectively coordinated with the public comments of the spokesperson.
“That kind of dissonance, if you will, is something that can be overcome in the context of a political campaign but the consequences are much higher when you’re talking about a range of sensitive policy issues, including some policies that have a direct bearing on our national security and our relationship with countries around the world.”



ARTICLE
The legal battle over Donald Trump’s travel ban for seven Muslim-majority countries has entered a new stage on Tuesday, as the US ninth circuit court of appeals heard oral arguments over whether to keep in place a temporary restraining order issued by a federal judge last week. 
In what may be the most gripping conference call in this nation’s history, attorneys for the state of Washington and the federal government were grilled by a panel of judges on topics including whether the state had the right to sue the US to what percentage of the world’s Muslims were affected by the ban. 
But despite the expansive questioning, the court is being asked to decide a very narrow question: whether district judge James Robart was correct in granting a pre-trial injunction suspending the travel ban nationwide while Washington’s legal challenge is pending. 
Here’s what you need to know about the hearing and what’s to come in the dispute over the controversial executive order.
Washington state solicitor general Noah Purcell argued on behalf of the state of Washington, while August Flentje, special counsel to the assistant US attorney general, argued for the federal government. 
The three ninth circuit court judges who will decide on the stay are William Canby Jr, who was appointed by Jimmy Carter; Richard Clifton, who was appointed by George W. Bush; and Michelle Friedland, who was appointed by Barack Obama. 
Washington has attracted significant support in its challenge to the Trump administration. Numerous technology companies, civil rights organizations, labor groups and law professors have filed amicus briefs in support of the restraining order. The District of Columbia and 17 states – including New York, California and Virginia – also filed briefs supporting Washington state. 
On the other side, a group of organizations including Citizens United, the English First Foundation, Gun Owners of America, the US Border Control Foundation and the US Justice Foundation filed an amicus brief supporting the federal government. 
Judges grant temporary restraining orders if two conditions are met: there is a likelihood that the plaintiff will succeed on the merits of his arguments, and there is a likelihood of immediate, irreparable harm if the restraining order is not granted. 
The federal government wants the ninth circuit to grant a stay, overruling Robart’s decision. Washington state wants the ninth circuit to allow the restraining order to remain in place and the court case to proceed to the next step at the district level. 
The federal government is arguing that immigration and national security are under the authority of the president, and that Congress has authorized the president to suspend certain classes of immigrants, making the executive order, as Flentje put it, “plainly constitutional”.
As far as immediate and irreparable harm, the judges pushed Flentje hard to provide evidence that the order is protecting the country from any actual risk, given that there were already screening processes in place for visa recipients from the seven countries. Flentje mentioned that some Somalis in the US have been connected to the terrorist group al-Shabaab. 
The government also argued in its motion that “judicial second-guessing of the President’s national security determination in itself imposes substantial harm on the federal government and the nation at large”.
This argument appeared to be met with considerable skepticism by the judges, who, naturally, are invested in the power of the judiciary to review the executive branch. 
“Are you arguing then that the president’s decision in the regard is unreviewable?”
“Yes,” Flentje responded, though he conceded that there are some “constitutional limitations” allowing for “limited review” in some cases.
Washington state’s argument for the temporary restraining order focused heavily on the irreparable harm of the travel ban to its citizens. 
“Families were separated,” Purcell said. “Longtime residents were unable to travel overseas. There is lost tax revenue.” 
The state also attacked the executive order as unconstitutional because it discriminates against Muslims. 
The question of religious discrimination produced some of the most interesting discussion of the day, with Clifton wondering whether it made a difference that most of the world’s Muslims were unaffected by the ban, and Purcell retorting that “the president called for a complete ban on the entry of Muslims”.
Indeed, Trump’s campaign statements (and Rudy Giuliani’s recent television interview on the Muslim ban) became a key point of contention, with Purcell arguing that they were evidence of intent to discriminate.
Flentje seemed a bit discouraged by the harsh questioning from the judges, saying at one point: “I’m not sure I’m convincing the court.” But Purcell faced difficult questioning of his own. 
Rory Little, a law professor at the University of California, Hastings, told the Guardian on Monday that he believed both sides had reasonably strong arguments about their likelihood of winning on the merits. But when it comes to showing irreparable harm, Little said, the balance was clearly in favor of maintaining the restraining order. 
Indeed, Little called the government’s argument that judicial review in and of itself constituted a harm was “outrageous” and an “unbelievably, fundamentally misguided argument that goes to the heart of our constitutional balance of powers”. 
The ninth circuit is expected to rule quickly on the motion for the stay. If they grant the stay, the executive order would go back into effect while the state of Washington continues its suit in district court. If the court declines to grant the stay, the federal government can file an emergency motion with the supreme court. 
That motion would likely be referred to the whole court, Little said, setting up another showdown between the four conservative and four liberal justices. If the supreme court ties, the ninth circuit’s ruling remains in place. 
Trump’s recent statements criticizing Judge Robart could damage the federal government’s chances of prevailing before the supreme court, Little argued. 
“You’ve got a president who tweeted out that [Robart] is a ‘so-called’ judge. That’s insulting,” Little said. “Chief Justice Roberts is the chief justice for all the federal judges in the country. He’s not going to like that.”
Meanwhile, the original case between Washington and the federal government will continue in district court, where Judge Robart is moving ahead with asking for briefs on a preliminary injunction against the executive order. 



ARTICLE
Sean Spicer was angry. “This was the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration – period,” he almost shouted. Media attempts to “lessen the enthusiasm” for the inauguration were “shameful and wrong”. And today Donald Trump had been at the CIA where he was greeted by a “raucous” crowd “ecstatic” at his election. He delivered a “powerful” message and was given “a five-minute standing ovation”.
And then came the inevitable coda to the tirade. Spicer accused Senate Democrats of blocking the appointment of a new CIA director then berated us: “That’s what you guys should be writing and covering, instead of sowing division about tweets and false narratives.”
The press secretary, wearing an outsized suit, stomped out of the White House briefing room, ignoring a barrage of shouted questions. A journalist sitting next to me mused: “I feel like I’m back at school.” I said: “I feel like I’m back in Zimbabwe,” recalling my visits to Robert Mugabe’s regime when I was the Guardian’s Africa correspondent.
It was the first Saturday evening of a changed world. A day earlier, Barack and Michelle Obama had flown away from Washington by helicopter, leaving us to our fate. Trump had been sworn in as the 45th president and delivered an inaugural address that was like a mouth full of broken glass. “That was some weird shit,” George W Bush, suddenly regarded with nostalgia, reportedly said afterwards.
Trump, the reality TV candidate who trampled electoral norms, proceeded to trample presidential norms just as surely. There were the same bogus assertions, impetuous tweets, petty spats, brazen conflicts of interest, bilious attacks on the press (“the enemy of the people”) and a distinct whiff of authoritarianism. There was also a missile strike ordered over the “most beautiful piece of chocolate cake that you’ve seen”.
I have seen God’s gift to satire up close 10 times during the first 100 days – at press conferences, at ceremonies, at a rally (yes, he still doing them four months after the election), hosting an Easter egg roll and taking a tour of the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture (looking at a stone auction block used to sell slaves, he apparently said, “Boy, that is just not good. That is not good.”) He does have stage presence: 6ft 2ins tall, an imposing build, that still puzzling hair. Usually he wears a red tie that shouts: look at me. By virtue of being president, seas part to make way for him.
But when Trump speaks, the English language runs for cover. There is also the dubious thrill of uncertainty, a giddy sense of danger in not quite knowing what the arm-waving man with the nuclear codes might do or say next. As on a rollercoaster, euphoria can very quickly turn to nausea.
His first solo press conference as president on 16 February was described by CNN as “an amazing moment in history”. He hurled verbal punches all over the place, denied any links to Russia and insisted the White House is running like a fine-tuned machine. Like an inmate at Bedlam, Trump protested: “I’m not ranting and raving. I’m just telling you. You know, you’re dishonest people. But – but I’m not ranting and raving. I love this. I’m having a good time doing it.”
When Trump hosts a foreign leader, the property developer in him can’t resist boasting about the White House. “A very special place, I can tell you that,” he told King Abdullah II of Jordan in the rose garden. “I’ve gotten to know it well. Long hours. Very special.”
In the east room Trump reminded Theresa May that his mother was born in Stornoway, “which is serious Scotland”, and then, affronted by a question from the BBC, turned to May and said: “This was your choice of a question? There goes that relationship.” At the time it was treated as a throwaway line, but it was the sort of sinister half-joke, half-threat that is the privilege of powerful autocrats.
But when a visiting president, prime minister or secretary general holds court, Trump is forced to stand and listen, and seems uncomfortable in the role. He fidgets, looks around the room, winks at someone in the audience, peers over at the speaker’s notes as if checking how long this will carry on. Sometimes he uses an earpiece for language translation; sometimes he doesn’t bother.
Back in the White House briefing room - like Doctor Who’s Tardis in reverse, it is smaller on the inside – my spot is in the cheap seats on the back row. The front of the stalls is occupied by the major TV networks. About 100 reporters, half sitting, half standing, turn up to Spicer’s daily set pieces which, Trump observed recently, gets “great ratings” like a soap opera.
There is a murmur of voices as the room fills each lunchtime. Small talk about sports teams, or evening plans, or what unreasonable demand some editor has made. Familiar figures from TV stand at the front, clutching microphones, each speaking to their camera with tunnel vision. There are more conservative outlets these days and a sprinkling of overseas representatives. One time, as a blonde Danish journalist passed through, an old timer drawled: “Hello, beautiful.” Eventually a blue door slides open and someone shouts a two-minute warning.
The noise begins to fade as pens, phones and laptops are poised. In walk a few White House staff – sometimes they can include Kellyanne Conway or star of The Apprentice Omarosa Manigault – and then Spicer himself, short, thickset with cropped hair. He stands at a podium against the backdrop of blue wall and ersatz white doric columns that would not look out of place in Las Vegas, though they long predate Trump’s arrival.
What follows is, even from the back row, a mesmeric, nerve-wracking, can’t-bear-to-look but can’t-bear-not-to performance Q&A session. Spicer is like a high wire act trying to keep his balance while also dodging a fusillade of tennis balls. On 11 April, he fell. Drawing a contrast with Syrian president Bashar al-Assad, whose name he kept mispronouncing, he said: “We didn’t use chemical weapons in world war II. You know, you had someone as despicable as Hitler who didn’t even sink to using chemical weapons.”
About five minutes passed, Twitter erupted and one of those TV reporters in the posh seats asked Spicer to clarify. It was painful viewing. The startled press secretary became incoherent. A journalist standing to his right shouted something about the Jews. The panic was visible in Spicer’s eyes, like those of a cornered animal. Then he dug the hole deeper by referring to “Holocaust centres”. That night he had to go on a humiliating apology tour of the major TV networks.
Aware that his boss is probably watching, Spicer is now making the briefings shorter and shorter, racing off the podium as if eager to escape, with yelled questions and grumbles ringing in his ears. The press secretary returns to his office upstairs in the west wing, where from his desk he can see multiple TV news channels and an electronic clock encompassing various time zones, including which ever one the president is in.
Where would we be on the 100th day of a Hillary Clinton administration? It is safe to assume that the daily press briefings would not have attained the cultural status of mash ups on Stephen Colbert’s show or parodies on Saturday Night Live starring Melissa McCarthy as Spicer (the casting of a woman in particular is said to get under Trump’s skin). It was remarked that political satire became obsolete when Henry Kissinger was awarded the Nobel peace prize; in the Trump era, it is the breath of democracy.
A hundred days? That was some weird shit.



ARTICLE
A packed auditorium crowd booed, jeered and shook “thumbs down” signs at congressman Leonard Lance on Wednesday night, the latest legislator to experience the wrath of “resistance recess” protests across the US.
The mostly hostile crowd in central New Jersey shouted throughout the event, with interjections such as: “What about the taxes?”, “Answer the question!”, “Issue a subpoena!” and “Do your job!” Topics ran the gamut from Russian election interference and Donald Trump’s travel ban to the environment, abortion and healthcare.
“When you say that you’re pro-healthcare and you’re going to help regular people, that doesn’t sound right when you vote on bills like this,” said Liz Mulholland, about Lance’s party-line vote to repeal the Affordable Care Act in February.
Outside the auditorium at Raritan Valley Community College in Branchburg, protesters gathered hours before the town hall began and stayed after it concluded with signs and chants. Carmen Mendiola, who tried to attend but couldn’t get a ticket for the standing-room-only event, decided to stand outside and demonstrate instead. Many watched a live stream of the event on their cellphones.
It was one of many overflowing town halls this week, as constituents angry that members of Congress haven’t pushed back against Trump have organized across the US to exert direct pressure, and have besieged the typically sedate constituent meetings with protest signs and shouts.
“I think [Lance] is so out of touch with what’s going on in the world, he needs to listen to what the people in his district are saying,” Mendiola said. “And if he’s not going to listen, we’re going to throw him out of office.”
A five-term congressman, Lance has been considered a moderate Republican throughout his career but has also been accused of shifting to the right around the time the Tea Party movement took hold in Washington in 2010. Hillary Clinton won Lance’s district by a razor-thin one-point margin in November, and many at the town hall believed Lance was at risk of losing his seat during the 2018 midterm election. 
The president himself, the indirect target of most of the protesting, had his own take on the protester turnout:
Asked at a press briefing on Wednesday about the notion that protesters are paid, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said he believe it was a “hybrid”. 
“I think some people are clearly upset,” he said. “But there is a bit of professional protester, manufactured base in there.”
Several protesters have aired their responses to these claims at town halls, saying they are not paid to be there.
At Wednesday’s town hall, Lance selected who would ask questions by drawing random tickets from the stage. Every question received during the roughly 90-minute session was critical of Trump or his administration in one way or another.
Mulholland took aim at Lance’s position on women’s healthcare; he has sought to redirect funding for Planned Parenthood to other clinics that do not provide abortion services.
“When you make these decisions that affect the rest of us, it hurts many people, and in the case of Planned Parenthood, it affects primarily teenagers and those in poverty, and that is just wrong,” Mulholland said.
Tough questions were met with raucous applause. The most well-received of the evening came when Annette Cordasco asked Lance and other Republicans to “push back” against Trump and members of his administration when they made false statements and target the press. “I think I struck a chord,” Cordasco quipped when the noise died down. 
Lance received the most positive response when he said Russia was “not a friend” and that Vladimir Putin was a “bad actor on the world stage”. “Now is the time to put country before party,” he told the crowd. The Republican senators Lindsey Graham and John McCain, who have positioned themselves somewhat against Trump on several issues, received warm appreciation from the crowd when Lance mentioned their names.
Lance maintained his composure, pausing during interruptions and boos and resuming his place when the room had quieted down. The congressman earned mixed reviews for his answers.
“I thought he was weak in his responses and he sidestepped several issues,” said Robert Wendel, who showed up to express “our collective outrage” about Trump.
“I was surprised in a good way”, said Edith Garcia. “He stuck it out with this tough crowd and he was pushing back himself [against Trump] from time to time. Not enough, but a little bit.”
Carol Christofilis, who was also outside with the protesters, said she found the renewed sense of civic engagement that the Trump administration has spawned promising. “I firmly believe we had to take a giant step backwards so that we could take two forward,” Christofilis said. “We had to wake up.”



ARTICLE
The Trump administration should “act as a champion of press freedom”, a senior member of the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) said on Saturday, rather than prosecute a war with mainstream US media that could “send a signal to other countries that it is OK to verbally abuse journalists and undermine their credibility”.
Rob Mahoney, deputy executive director of the CPJ, a nonprofit that promotes press freedom worldwide, told the Guardian Trump’s attacks on the press do not “help our work trying to deal with countries like Turkey, Ethiopia or Venezuela, where you have governments who want to nothing more than to silence and intimidate the press.”
Mahoney also said attempts to favour conservative press outlets and declare the mainstream media the “enemy of the American people” looked like a deliberate effort by the White House to “inoculate itself from criticism”. 
“Any time the press now uncovers an scandal or wrongdoing the administration can dismiss it as false,” he said.
On Friday, the administration blocked a number of media outlets, including the New York Times, CNN and the Guardian, from an off-camera briefing with the press secretary, Sean Spicer.
Spicer later said the White House planned to “aggressively push back” against the press. “We’re just not going to sit back and let false narratives, false stories, inaccurate facts get out there,” he said.
On Friday night, Trump kept up his attack, using Twitter to say: “FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn’t tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing @nytimes has become a joke. Likewise @CNN. Sad!”
Within the press, reaction was furious. New York Times editor Dean Baquet said “nothing like this has ever happened at the White House in our long history of covering multiple administrations”.
Lee Glendinning, editor of Guardian US, said: “This is a deeply troubling and divisive act. Holding power to account is an essential part of the democratic process, and that’s exactly what the Guardian will continue to do.”
The White House Correspondents Association (WHCA) attempted to play down the issue, noting the administration was still providing near-daily briefings.
“I don’t think that people should rush to judgment to suggest that this is the start of a big crackdown on media access,” the WHCA president, Jeff Mason, told the New York Times.
Nonetheless, the episode came a day after senior Trump adviser Steve Bannon, in an appearance at the conservative CPAC event in Maryland, denounced the “corporatist, globalist media”, which he said was “adamantly opposed to an economic nationalist agenda” and “always wrong” about the administration.
“Every day there is going to be a fight,” Bannon said.
Some observers suggested the move to block some organisations from the Friday briefing was an attempt to distract the public from controversial stories. On Saturday, the Trump administration faced new reports regarding its efforts to downplay what intelligence agencies believe to be communications between campaign staff and Russian intelligence. 
The Washington Post reported that the administration asked senior members of the intelligence community and Congress to call news organizations and challenge such reports. The calls were organised after the administration unsuccessfully asked FBI officials to dispute the accuracy of stories, the Post said.
On Friday, the veteran newscaster Dan Rather, who has emerged as a strong critic of the Trump White House, wrote on Facebook that “the time for normalizing, dissembling, and explaining away Donald Trump has long since passed.
“The barring of respected journalistic outlets from the White House briefing is so far beyond the norms and traditions that have governed this republic for generations, that they must be seen as a real and present threat to our democracy.”
Rather, 85, added: “These are the dangers presidents are supposed to protect against, not create. For all who excused Mr Trump’s rhetoric in the campaign as just talk, the reckoning has come. I hope it isn’t true, but I fear Mr Trump is nearing or perhaps already beyond any hope of redemption.”
Opposing the mainstream media plays well with Trump’s base. Mahoney said it also serves the administration’s aim to protect itself against legitimate criticism.
“If you go back to the early 1970s and the terrible relations between Nixon and the press,” he said, “it was nonetheless allowed to do its job, and we got Watergate.”
Suzanne Nossel, executive director of PEN America, said in a statement the White House was doing “a grave disservice to the American people”. 
“The president’s worries over probing questions and damaging revelations cannot outweigh his duty to allow the American people to gain the information and insight they deserve,” she added.
Several organisations, including the Washington Post, are developing Trump-focused investigative units, which will probably rely on anonymously sourced stories. Trump has attacked the practice of quoting anonymous sources, while his chief of staff, Reince Priebus, called on the media to “stop with this unnamed source stuff”.
The president, however, has left himself open to charges of hypocrisy. In the 1980s and 1990s, he regularly spoke to the press under aliases, in order to promote himself. 
Moves to choose which outlets are briefed by the administration also conflicted with remarks made by Spicer as recently as December, when he said media outlets should not be stopped from covering the White House.
The dispute is carrying over into areas where detente is usually observed, for example the annual White House correspondents’ dinner. The 29 April event has been plagued by withdrawals. The New York Times has not attended since 2008; the Guardian will not attend this year. Buzzfeed reported this week that CNN may not attend either.
The news service owned by former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg, who is reportedly backing a prominent pro-immigration campaign, is pulling out of hosting an afterparty. Vanity Fair and the New Yorker have said they will not host parties either.



ARTICLE
The House intelligence committee chairman privately apologized to his Democratic colleagues on Thursday, yet publicly defended his decision to openly discuss and brief Donald Trump on typically secret intercepts that he says swept up communications of the president’s transition team.
GOP representative Devin Nunes’s decision to disclose the information before talking to committee members outraged Democrats and raised questions about the independence of the panel’s probe of Russian interference into the 2016 election and possible contacts between Trump associates and Russia.
“It was a judgment call on my part,” Nunes told reporters Thursday morning. “Sometimes you make the right decision, sometimes you make wrong decision.”
A congressional aide familiar with Nunes’s meeting said the chairman apologized to Democrats and pledged to work with them and share information related to the investigation.
“A credible investigation cannot be conducted this way,” said Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House panel.
The White House quickly embraced Nunes’s revelations and the president said they “somewhat” vindicated his wiretapping allegations.
Nunes’s critics also questioned whether the California congressman was coordinating with the White House in order to give the president cover for his explosive and unverified claims that Barack Obama wiretapped Trump’s New York skyscraper.
Nunes, who served on Trump’s transition team, ducked questions about whether he was parroting information given to him by the White House, saying only that he was “not going to ever reveal sources”. He maintained that Trump’s wiretapping allegations against Obama were false.
Democratic representative Jackie Speier said Nunes apologized to the minority members of the committee. She told reporters on Capitol Hill that she did not know where the information came from, but recalled a comment Trump made in a Fox News interview earlier this month where he said the White House “will be submitting things before the committee very soon that hasn’t been submitted as of yet”.
Later White House press secretary Sean Spicer lectured the media on the controversy. “There seems to be this obsession with the process,” he said. “At some point there should be a concern about the substance. That’s a very serious revelation that he’s made about what happened during the 2016 election with respect to our side. 
“At some point I would implore, urge, beg some of you to use some of your investigative skills to look into what actually did happen, why did it happen, what was going on back there, who knew what when?”
The disclosure came two days after FBI director James Comey publicly confirmed the bureau’s own investigation into the Trump campaign’s connections with Russia. Comey’s comments came during the intelligence committee’s first public hearing on Russia’s election interference, an investigation being overseen by Nunes.
Nunes said he received the new intelligence information after that hearing. He said it revealed that Trump’s transition associates – and perhaps Trump himself – had had their communications picked up through legal surveillance.
The surveillance was conducted legally, Nunes said, and did not appear to be related to the FBI’s Russia investigation. He said his concern was that the identities of the Trump officials were improperly revealed and the contents of their communications were “widely disseminated” in intelligence reports.
Speaking to reporters outside the White House, Nunes said: “What I’ve read bothers me, and I think it should bother the president himself and his team.”
Nunes briefed reporters on the new information without consulting with Schiff or other Democrats on the committee.
Speier said Nunes’ disclosure could be a “weapon of mass distraction” in light of allegations of coordination between Russians and the Trump campaign during the 2016 campaign against Democrat Hillary Clinton.
“This could be a lot of theatrics,” said Speier, also a member of the House intelligence committee.
“This is a bizarre situation,” Senator John McCain said in an interview on MSNBC. “I’m calling for a select committee because I think this back-and-forth shows that Congress no longer has the credibility to handle this alone.”
Later, in an interview with MSNBC, Schiff said evidence “that is not circumstantial and is very much worthy of an investigation” exists of Trump associates colluding with Russia as it interfered in last year’s election. He did not outline that evidence.
It is common for Americans to get caught up in US surveillance of foreigners, such as foreign diplomats in the US talking to an American. Typically, the American’s name would not be revealed in a report about the intercepted communications. However, if there is a foreign intelligence value to revealing the American’s name, it is “unmasked” and shared with other intelligence analysts who are working on related foreign intelligence surveillance.
Schiff disputed Nunes’s suggestions that there was improper “unmasking”. He said that after speaking with Nunes, it appeared that the names of Americans were still guarded in the intercepts though their identities could be gleaned from the materials.
Obama administration officials disputed the suggestion that the outgoing administration was improperly monitoring its successors. Ned Price, who served as spokesman for Obama’s national security council, said Nunes’ assertions “were nothing more than an attempt to offer a lifeline to a White House caught in its own netting following Trump’s baseless tweets”.
Matthew Waxman, a national security law professor at Columbia University, said Nunes’s actions “in this case are contributing to, rather than alleviating concerns, about politicization of intelligence”.
Nunes said the information on the Trump team was collected in November, December and January, the period after the election when Trump was holding calls with foreign leaders, interviewing potential cabinet secretaries and beginning to sketch out administration policy. He said the monitored material was “widely disseminated” in intelligence reports.
Asked whether he believed the transition team had been spied on, Nunes said: “It all depends on one’s definition of spying.”
Nunes did not identify any of the Trump associates he said were “unmasked”, but they are believed to include Michael Flynn, who was fired as White House national security adviser after misleading vice-president Mike Pence and other top officials about his contacts with Russia’s ambassador to the US.
Additional reporting by David Smith in Washington



ARTICLE
Ben Carson ushered in his tenure as secretary of Housing and Urban Development by suggesting that Africans brought to the Americas during the Middle Passage as slaves were “immigrants” who imagined the US as a “land of dreams and opportunity”.  “That’s what America is about,” Carson said. “A land of dreams and opportunity. There were other immigrants who came here in the bottom of slave ships, worked even longer, even harder for less. But they too had a dream that one day their sons, daughters, grandsons, granddaughters, great-grandsons, great-granddaughters might pursue prosperity and happiness in this land.” His remarks came in his first address to employees of the agency, which he was confirmed to run by the Senate last week despite a lack of any formal knowledge on housing or development policy. 
Enslaved Africans were, of course, not immigrants, and were transported in the cramped, disease-infested holds of ships while shackled stationary as property of “new world” and European corporations. The enslaved had virtually no knowledge of where they were being taken, and less than 10% of the tens of millions of Africans transported wound up on the shores of the US, with a majority landing in South America and the Caribbean.  Carson earned instant and biting ridicule for his remarks, with many online poking fun at the former neurosurgeon.
Carson’s remarks were colored by historical revisionism from the start, with the secretary declaring that the department would be run in a spirit of fairness under his leadership. 
“No favors for anybody, no extras for anybody, but complete fairness for everybody, because that is what the founders of this nation had in mind,” Carson said of the framers, who mostly excluded those who were not white, land-owning Protestant males from their particular vision of “fair”.  “People could do whatever they wanted as long as what you wanted to do didn’t interfere with me and what I wanted to do,” Carson said of the 18th-century US, ignoring the explicit unfreedom that black and Native Americans experienced.
Carson later corrected his comments in a statement on Facebook, saying “the slave narrative and immigrant narrative are two entirely different experiences,” and should “never be intertwined”.
The speech is not the first time Carson has offered a misguided understanding of slavery during public remarks. In 2013 he told attendees at a conservative political convention that Barack Obama’s Affordable Care act was “really, I think, the worst thing to happen to the nation since slavery. And it is slavery, in a way.” 



ARTICLE
The Republican governor of Arkansas, Asa Hutchinson, is pressing ahead with a controversial plan to carry out five executions in 10 days despite the intense pressure the unprecedented schedule is imposing on victims’ families and the condemned men.
After several days of frantic legal tussles that ended close to midnight on Monday with three of the initial eight planned executions being put on hold, Hutchinson said he was “disappointed in this delay” for the sake of victims’ families. But he vowed to “fight back”, as the state machinery moved seamlessly on to preparing its death chamber for the next two executions on Thursday.
Vast human resources were expended amid the first wave of scheduled executions, all of which failed to take place by Monday night. On Friday, the killing of Jason McGehee was postponed after a parole board recommended clemency; on Monday the state gave up its hope of putting to death Bruce Ward after local courts slapped stays on his execution; and at 11.50pm on Monday the US supreme court declined to allow the death by lethal injection of Don Davis to go ahead.
In the process, the individuals most intimately involved were put through unthinkable stress. The families of both Jane Daniel and Rebecca Doss, the victims of Davis and Ward respectively, were brought to the Cumins unit, the high-security facility in south-east Arkansas that houses the death chamber, where they had to wait for hours before they were told there would be no resolution that night.
Davis himself spent all of Monday in a windowless cell just feet from the death chamber, watching the clock tick towards midnight, when his death warrant ran out. He was served his final meal of fried chicken and strawberry cake, but was told 10 minutes before the deadline that he would live to see another day.
All of which raised the question: why was Hutchinson bringing all this down upon himself, his state, the victims’ families, the prisoners? What was he seeking in pursuing what has been dubbed a “conveyor belt of death” that has not been attempted at such a pace for more than half a century?
The stated reason for the rush is that the batch of the sedative midazolam used by Arkansas as the first of three drugs in its lethal injection protocol expires on 30 April, and that finding new supplies after that date will be difficult. On a less procedural note, Hutchinson has insisted that his haste is all about the victims’ families.
In an interview with local reporters last week, he was asked about the public outcry over his actions. He replied: “Am I supposed to go to Dick Daniels, the husband of Jane Daniels who was killed [by Don Davis] in Rogers, Arkansas, brutally murdered … and say ‘I was worried about how the state would look’?”
He went on: “When I set these [executions], I thought not only about the process or the responsibility, but also about the victims and what they’ve endured for the last 25 years.”
But the argument that it was all about victims’ rights was disputed by Joseph Perkovich, a lawyer for Bruce Ward, who pointed to evidence that the state had lied to a medical supply company to obtain one of its lethal injection drugs. “Officials have gone to astonishing lengths to carry out a purge,” he said.
Perkovich said that for many relatives of “loved ones lost to inexplicable acts of violence, the promise of executions are a false salve that diminish our humanity, distort our legal system and fail to deliver closure. In the end, we are witnessing politicians and their appointees compromising principles and even the law to orchestrate public spectacles in advancement of their personal interests.”
Questions about the soundness of Hutchinson’s strategy, and about his motives, have been widely debated in Arkansas. The state has not carried out an execution since 2005, and until this moment has largely been on the sidelines of the capital punishment debate in the US.
“A lot of people are left wondering about this. Only he knows what his likely motivations are,” said Janine Parry, a political scientist at the University of Arkansas.
The previous governor of Arkansas, Mike Beebe, a Democrat who served from 2007 until 2015, when he handed over to Hutchinson, issued eight death warrants during his time in office. But much to his relief, all were stayed by the courts.
Beebe declined to comment on his successor’s decision to go ahead with so many executions in such a short timeframe. But he stressed to the Guardian that the decision would not have been made lightly.
“It’s a terrible, terrible burden on any governor,” he said. “No matter how you feel about the death penalty, no matter to what degree you are satisfied by the guilt of the prisoner, it’s still a horrible burden.
“It was for me. Saying whether someone lives or dies, it’s an awful responsibility.”
In the background behind Hutchinson’s controversial posture are the politics of a state that on one level have remained remarkably stable, yet on another have changed entirely in just the past few years. 
Public attitudes toward the death penalty remain largely in favour. A recent Talk Business/Hendrix college poll found that 61% supported capital punishment in the state, a level that has held relatively steady for several years.
But the party political makeup of Arkansas has been transformed since 2006. In that year, Parry points out, the Green party put up more statewide candidates for election than the Republican party.
But in 2010, the double whammy of the Tea party revolution and the unleashing of vast sums of corporate cash through the US supreme court ruling known as Citizens United saw a broad change. The year began with the Arkansas legislature 75% Democratic, but by 2014 it had flipped to being 75% Republican and the state is now entirely in the grip of conservative politicians – a phenomenon that hasn’t been seen in Arkansas since reconstruction.
“That’s the fastest, most thorough transformation that any state has experienced in recent times,” Parry said. “It’s a stunning change of the political landscape.”
Hutchinson has ridden the wave of that transition, and been influenced by it, as he has by the advent of Donald Trump, who won Arkansas in the presidential election by 61% against Hillary Clinton, a former first lady of the state. 
The governor is a moderate by modern conservative standards on many issues, but he has had to contend with an active and vociferous hard-right wing of the Republican party in the legislature with whom he has had running battles over such hot-button issues as the Affordable Care Act and the introduction of a North Carolina-style anti-transgender bathroom bill, which he resisted.
It is puzzling to observers of his administration that he has chosen the death penalty as the pole on which to pin his rightwing credentials. Doubly puzzling, in fact – first because the Tea Party radical Republicans do not appear to be especially fixated on capital punishment, and second because Hutchinson has been simultaneously pushing one of the most progressive criminal justice reform packages in the country, including the development of drug courts designed to redirect addicts away from prison and into treatment.
Again, the question arises: why should a politician who continues to have popularity ratings in his state of well over 50% expose himself to such national and international criticism over a killing spree all of his own devising? Roy Reed, an authority on Arkansas politics who wrote the definitive biography of the state’s 1950s and 60s governor Orval Faubus, puts it down to a mistake.
“I think he’s simply got himself into a trap,” Reed said. “He understands that people in Arkansas like the death penalty, that’s just the way it is. But he may not have counted on the critical reaction he’s got, and now he’s in it, he’s probably looking for a way out.”



ARTICLE
A US congressman and environmental group have filed the first lawsuit targeting Donald Trump’s plan to build a 30ft wall on the US-Mexico border. 
The suit, brought by Congressman Raúl M Grijalva of Arizona and the Center for Biological Diversity in the US district court for Arizona, seeks to require the government to undertake a comprehensive environmental impact analysis before beginning construction.
Such a review would probably take several years to complete, delaying indefinitely the fulfillment of one of Trump’s signature campaign promises. 
“It will take a significant amount of time to thoroughly analyze [the impacts of the wall], and that’s the point,” said Randy Serraglio, a spokesman for the Center for Biological Diversity.
“What we learned about the border wall in the past 10 years is that it’s hugely expensive, it doesn’t work, and it does a tremendous amount of damage,” Serraglio said. “The people in the United States have the right to know what the damage is going to be, what it’s going to cost, and whether it’s going to be effective. Those are questions the Trump administration is not interested in answering.” 
The lawsuit invokes the National Environmental Policy Act, which requires environmental review of major federal programs. 
The Department of Homeland Security and Customs and Border Protection, which are named as defendants, declined to comment on pending litigation.
Trump began his presidential campaign in June 2015 with the promise of a border wall to keep out Mexican immigrants, whom he characterized as “criminals” and “rapists”. In the first week of his administration, he signed an executive order calling for homeland security to “begin immediate construction” of the wall. 
Homeland Security has since begun a bidding process for contractors to build prototypes for the multibillion-dollar project. Still, a lack of interest from major construction firms and a lack of funding from Congress may mean that the proposal never moves beyond a border wall beauty pageant expected to take place in San Diego this summer. 
“American environmental laws are some of the oldest and strongest in the world, and they should apply to the borderlands just as they do everywhere else,” Grijalva, a Democrat, said in a statement. “These laws exist to protect the health and well-being of our people, our wildlife, and the places they live. Trump’s wall – and his fanatical approach to our southern border – will do little more than perpetuate human suffering while irrevocably damaging our public lands and the wildlife that depend on them.”
Serraglio said the existing border fence had already caused significant environmental damage, including flooding and erosion. 
In July 2008, a heavy thunderstorm produced a damaging flash flood at the Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument in Arizona after the border fence prevented water from flowing away naturally. 
On the same day, border infrastructure was responsible for the deaths of two people and $8m in damage to Nogales, Mexico, when water was trapped on the south side of the border. 
Expanding construction on the border could exacerbate the flooding problems, in addition to threatening the survival of species, such as jaguars, ocelots and wolves, Serraglio said. Additional environmental degradation would probably be caused by the construction of new roads and infrastructure to enable construction of the wall in remote wilderness areas. 
The Department of Homeland Security produced an environmental impact statement about border enforcement programs in 2001. 
Thursday’s suit is not the first time Trump’s policies have attracted legal challenges. Both of Trump’s attempts to impose a travel ban on several Muslim-majority countries have been blocked by federal judges. On 5 April, 17 states sued to attempt to block Trump’s efforts to rescind climate change regulations. 
“What’s happening now is not driven by any rational analysis of border security needs,” said Serraglio. “It’s driven by Donald Trump’s ridiculous campaign rhetoric, and that is not a sound basis for public policy.”



ARTICLE
The arrest of an undocumented immigrant who was granted a work permit under Obama has sparked fears among other recipients of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (Daca) program and prompted a judge to demand an explanation from the government.
Daniel Ramirez Medina, a 23-year-old with no criminal record who was brought to the US from Mexico when he was seven years old, was taken into custody last Friday in Seattle. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (Ice) officers made the arrest at his father’s house, despite the fact that Medina, who has a three-year-old son, has twice been granted an employment authorization card under the Daca program. 
The detention of the “dreamer”, as Daca recipients are known, appears to be the first of its kind since Donald Trump took office. Medina’s lawyers have since filed a lawsuit against the US Department of Homeland Security alleging unlawful seizure and detention, leading chief US magistrate judge James Donohue to order the government to justify its actions.
Donohue wrote in a Tuesday filing, ordering that the government respond by 9am on Thursday: “If petitioner is still detained and removal proceedings have not been initiated against him, what is the basis for Ice’s authority to detain him?”
If the Trump administration is moving to deport recipients of Daca – which protects 750,000 people who were brought to the US as children and granted temporary work permits – it would constitute a massive crackdown on undocumented people and would contradict the president’s recent statements saying dreamers “shouldn’t be very worried”.
While some have suggested that Ramirez’s detention could be a fluke or the action of a rogue agent, David Leopold, a leading immigration lawyer, said the fact that he had been detained for several days already suggested that it was not an error, but part of a broader policy.
If that’s the case, he said, “this is the blueprint for mass deportation. Their enforcement priorities are so broad they include everybody.”
Coupled with the recent Ice raids, “It adds up to a new policy that we’re going to remove anybody we can get our hands on,” said Leopold, former president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association.
It’s unclear at this time what risk Medina faces for deportation. Ice spokeswoman Rose Richeson claimed in an email that he was a “self-admitted gang member” who was arrested “based on his admitted gang affiliation and risk to public safety”. 
Mark Rosenbaum, one of Ramirez’s attorneys, strongly refuted the allegation, saying in a statement: “Mr Ramirez unequivocally denies being in a gang. While in custody, he was repeatedly pressured by [Ice] agents to falsely admit affiliation.”
Leopold noted that Ramirez has twice passed extensive background checks when he was approved from Daca and had his status renewed. “With the vetting for Daca, the bar is really high.”
Agents had an arrest warrant for Ramirez’s father, and Ramirez was asleep at his house when officers arrived. Ice agents asked Ramirez: “Are you legally here?” and when he explained that he had a work permit, officers took him in, according to his lawsuit. At a processing center, when Ramirez again told agents about his Daca status, an officer allegedly replied: “It doesn’t matter, because you weren’t born in this country.” 
Ramirez was transferred to a detention center where he is awaiting the outcome of “removal proceedings” before an immigration judge, according to Richeson. 
Madeleine Villanueva, a student at the University of California, Berkeley and a Daca recipient who moved from the Philippines at age nine, said it was hard to imagine that the arrest of Ramirez was a “mistake”. 
“I think it was a message to the states or cities that are more willing to set up those sanctuary spaces for undocumented immigrants,” said Villanueva, who is part of a group called Rising Immigrant Scholars through Education. “Hopefully more of this doesn’t happen, but I’m not surprised that it did.”
Regardless of the fate of Daca, Villanueva said she was concerned for undocumented people like her father who weren’t protected by the program: “Even before Trump was elected, Daca was never the solution for me or my community. It always left people behind.”
The Seattle case has caused widespread anxiety for undocumented students, said María Blanco, executive director of the University of California’s Undocumented Student Legal Services Center: “There’s a combination of fear and tremendous anger about the breaking of a promise.”
If it turns out that Trump is targeting Daca with a new policy, the backlash and organizing would be monumental, Blanco predicted. 
“There’s tremendous sympathy for this population,” she said. “You are going to have a huge political blowback.”



ARTICLE
Mayor Daniel Rivera sits in his corner office on the third floor city hall, in Lawrence, Massachusetts. He pores over a typed response to US attorney general Jeff Sessions’ most recent threat to cut Department of Justice funding to jurisdictions dubbed “sanctuary cities”.
He doesn’t understand why the federal government would try to drain a city of resources when it is already struggling to fight an opioid epidemic that has led to thousands of deaths across New England. Traditionally, Lawrence has operated as one of the major landing spots for narcotics that cross the Mexican border. Rivera and other officials in Lawrence say Trump’s immigration policy is an additional strain on law enforcement efforts to address the drug crisis in their majority-Hispanic town. And they fear it might get worse.
“I think it’s weird that they would go after public safety dollars,” said Rivera. “Don’t say the answer to this is coming down and taking our walkie-talkie money, our bulletproof vest money, because that doesn’t make any sense.”
Lawrence is a “drug market”, Rivera admits. It’s been that way for decades.
Built by design in 1845 to be separate from the wealthy New England neighborhoods that surround it, Lawrence, the first planned factory city in America, is squeezed in less than seven miles between the Merrimack and Spicket rivers. When factory jobs disappeared in the 1950s, drugs took their place, creating an industry the police chief describes as “grassroots”.
With a small but consistent heroin market already established, the opioid epidemic hit Lawrence early, and quickly took on new dimensions. In one pending federal case, a man was charged with monitoring local heroin dealers by placing GPS devices on their cars and orchestrating a group of men dressed as police – having them pull the dealers over, throw them in the back of a minivan, and torture them with irons until their loved ones came up with ransom.
“We’re doing what we can,” Rivera says of attempts to fight back against the drug trade.
In February, along with the city of Chelsea, Lawrence filed a lawsuit against Donald Trump’s administration for threatening to take funding away from sanctuary cities, a broad definition for those jurisdictions that limit their cooperation with federal immigration authorities.
Under Lawrence’s policy, the city has refused to turn over people to the federal Immigrations and Customs Enforcement (Ice) agency without a criminal warrant. When the city first made this official policy in what was known as the “Trust Act”, Rivera opposed the legislation. “I thought there was more folly in publicizing you are a sanctuary city,” he said.
Since the election, though, he’s has seen the need to go public with this profile.
“We … believe that it is unconstitutional for the Federal Govt. to claw back monies they already gave us,” Rivera wrote in his letter to Sessions, referring to the $90,000 of justice department money they city has used on bulletproof vests and police radios.
In addition to threats to cut funding, Trump’s new immigration executive orders and anti-immigrant rhetoric are giving the police department distractions and hurdles in communicating with constituents.
The chief of police, James Fitzpatrick, has worked to quash rumors of raids by federal immigration agents. 
Fitzpatrick, who himself once worked for the federal agency formerly known as Immigration Naturalization Services before joining the Lawrence police department, understands that many in his community see Ice “like the big boogie man”.
After the change in immigration policy, many who approached Fitzpatrick were terrified.
“Even people who are naturalized were like, ‘They are going to take my naturalization away,’” Fitzpatrick said. 
Joshua Alba, a Lawrence resident and community organizer, says the people he speaks to are increasingly fearful of law enforcement. “Rumors are flying around everywhere, people are scared,” said Alba.
Exacerbating these concerns is a narrative spun by some Republican politicians in New England that immigrant drug dealers are preying on white addicts. Last August, Maine’s governor, Paul LePage, claimed, in a statement that is not backed up by evidence, that 90% of people arrested for heroin and fentanyl in his state were “not white people” and came from Lawrence, among other cities. Last month, New Hampshire’s governor, Chris Sununu, argued that law enforcement should cross state lines, and go into Lawrence to take on the “undocumented drug dealers” fueling the epidemic.
Nilly Dacosta, an advocate who works with homeless people and those suffering from addiction in Lawrence, says that people come to Lawrence because drug prices closer to the source are cheaper. He says only a small fraction of the people he interacts with are immigrants and even fewer are from Lawrence.
Not-for-profit organizations, says Dacosta, are “spending more and more time and effort on people who are [from] outside of the city”.
Rivera is tired of defending Lawrence. 
“I think it’s just easy to kick people who you think are down,” said Rivera. “They are scapegoating the city because we have immigrants; they are scapegoating the city because we have a drug problem.”
Instead, said Rivera, the federal government should “take a page from Bill Belichick” and “do your job”. Which, in this case, Rivera said, meant investing money in opioid treatment. 



ARTICLE





ARTICLE
Police chiefs from across the US, including several from states that voted for Donald Trump, are resisting White House moves to force them to become more involved in deporting undocumented immigrants.
In a joint letter, more than 60 law enforcement heads are appealing to Trump in all but name to soften his aggressive drive to enlist police officers in the highly contentious job of deporting millions of immigrants living without permission in the country. They object to being thrust into “new and sometimes problematic tasks” that will undermine the balance between the local communities they serve and the federal government, and “harm locally-based, community-oriented policing”.
The letter is signed by 61 current and former local police chiefs and sheriffs, many of whom come from states won by Trump last November including Alabama, Arizona, Florida, South Carolina and Texas. The political diversity and geographic spread of the signatories underlines the deep apprehension felt by many within the law enforcement community toward the president’s plans to beef up their role in rounding up, detaining and ultimately deporting huge numbers of people.
The letter, written under the auspices of the Law Enforcement Immigration Task Force, a coalition of senior law enforcement experts convened by the National Immigration Forum, does not mention Trump by name. But it indirectly references his administration’s efforts to force police to play a more central role in the deportation business. 
It was released to coincide with a hearing on Tuesday of the US Senate committee on homeland security and governmental affairs, convened by Republicans under the provocative title “the effects of border insecurity and lax immigration enforcement on American communities”.
The letter writers – who include the commissioner of the Boston police department, William Evans; commander of the Los Angeles county sheriff’s office, Jody Sharp; and chief of the Salt Lake City force, Mike Brown – make plain their objection to being drawn into the immigration fray. They state bluntly: “Immigration enforcement is, first and foremost, a federal responsibility. We believe we can best serve our communities by leaving the enforcement of immigration laws to the federal government.”
Trump has pledged to deport millions of undocumented immigrants by widening the definition of those who should be removed, increasing numbers of federal immigration agents and detention centers, and co-opting police forces into the task. He did, however, signal late on Tuesday that he might be willing to endorse legislation that protected some undocumented immigrants from deportation, though he gave no details and failed to make any mention of the idea in his address to Congress.
The prospect of police officers and sheriff’s deputies effectively acting as immigration agents while going about their daily affairs – for instance, stopping a Latino individual for driving a car with a broken tail light and then apprehending them for visa violations – has spread fear across communities with large immigrant populations across the US.
But the letter suggests that there is no shortage of opposition to Trump’s plans within law enforcement circles. The authors put forward a very different vision, arguing that police engagement should be strictly limited to targeting “threats such as dangerous criminals and criminal organizations causing harm”. 
They also appeal to the Trump administration to draw back from its threat to penalize so-called sanctuary cities that are resisting the immigration crackdown. They point out that there is no agreed definition of what a sanctuary city is, and warn that a withdrawal of federal funds from those areas as punishment “would not make our communities safer”.
In one of his first executive orders issued from the White House, Trump tore up a recently implemented element of Barack Obama’s approach to immigration by rescinding the Priority Enforcement Program (PEP), under which customised agreements were negotiated between the federal government and local law enforcement jurisdictions over joint working. The program focused on undocumented immigrants who had committed serious violent offenses, in contrast to the previous enforcement policy, Secure Communities, that swept up thousands of people with minor criminal convictions or no criminal history at all. 
Cecilia Muñoz, former director of the White House domestic policy council under President Obama, told the Guardian that by ditching the PEP agreements that had been painstakingly reached with local police chiefs, the incoming Trump administration was paradoxically running the risk of making communities less secure. “For all the Trump administration’s tough rhetoric on security and safety, they are in practice discarding reasonable agreements in order to force local police chiefs into something that they think is unwise,” she said.
She added: “In the Obama administration we worked closely with local police officials to make sure our priorities fitted theirs, and as a result we concentrated on people who had engaged in serious violent crimes who we all agree should be removed.”
The Secure Communities program, piloted under the Bush administration and rolled out during Obama’s first term, expanded information sharing between local law enforcement and federal immigration agencies. That allowed federal agents of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (Ice) to sweep up large numbers of undocumented migrants arrested by police irrespective of the severity of their crimes. 
The dragnet approach led to hundreds of thousands of deportations, with more than two-thirds of those targeted having only minor criminal convictions or no criminal history at all. Following an outpouring of criticism, the Obama administration abandoned the policy in 2014, leading to the creation of PEP. 
Trump has now reinstated Secure Communities and vastly expanded Ice’s enforcement priorities to include not only those convicted or suspected of a crime, but also individuals they deem to be a threat to public safety. The administration has also called for a renewed focus on 287(g) agreements between local police and federal government, which allow local police officers to carry out immigration enforcement themselves. 
After the Department of Justice found that such agreements led to racially biased policing and other research indicated that they placed a heavy drain on local resources, the Obama administration rolled the policy back. 
At present, only 37 law enforcement agencies have 287(g) agreements, which operate exclusively in local jails, rather than empowering officers on the streets. Interest in new agreements under the Trump administration has so far been lukewarm. 
The Guardian understands Ice has reviewed 287(g) applications from just six law enforcement departments in February, with the agency expecting to review eight to 10 next month. There are approximately 18,000 police departments in the US.



ARTICLE
Nigel Farage addressed the biggest conservative conference in America on Friday, claiming that Brexit and the election victory of Donald Trump were “the beginning of a great global revolution” that would continue on throughout the west.
“We’ve got some very exciting elections coming up in the Netherlands, in France, in Germany,” the former leader of the United Kingdom Independence party (Ukip) and one of the leading figures in the campaign to win Britain’s referendum on leaving the EU told the crowd at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC).
Far right leaders Geert Wilders in the Netherlands and Marine le Pen in France are mounting strong challenges to established parties in both countries this year, and the Alternative für Deutschland party is attempting to do the same in Germany. 
 “What I do know is if the challengers don’t get over the line this year, what they will do is shift the center of gravity of the entire debate,” Farage added. 
The former Ukip leader, who was a cheerleader for Trump during the election campaign and amongst the first to visit him after his win, said 2016 would be remembered for “the beginning of a global political revolution and it’s one that is not going to stop, it’s one that is going to roll out across the rest of the free world”.
He closed his speech by declaring: “We’re winning!” to cheers from the conservative crowd.
He also defined the UK’s true allies as being those that spoke the same language, saying: “Our real friends in the world speak English, have common law and stand by us in times of crisis.” Later he insisted: “We’re not against anybody based on religion or ethnicity,” although he has a record of inflammatory claims about Muslims.
He said he was proud of having supported Trump in the election, although when visiting the US during the campaign he had been careful not to be so explicit. “I am pleased and proud that I did that,” he said of his appearance at a Trump rally in Mississippi last year. 
Trump was something quite remarkable, he said: “An elected leader trying to put in place the platform on which he was elected.”
Farage has ingratiated himself with Trump and met him after his election victory before Theresa May, the prime minister. The breach of protocol was compounded when Trump suggested the UK make Farage ambassador to the US. As Sir Christopher Meyer, a former holder of that post, pointed out: “UK ambassador in DC exists to defend UK interests in US, not US interests in UK.”
Speaking to the Guardian the day before his speech, Farage backed Trump and his chief strategist Steve Bannon over controversial issues such as the travel ban, attacks on the media and the president’s attitude to Russia. 
 “The truth of it is that too much of the establishment broadcast media in particular has effectively become wedded to this form of global social democracy that we’ve lived through for the last 20 years and I think there are genuinely questions about impartiality with a series of major broadcasters right across the west,” he said.
 “Trump does it in his own remarkable way but you know, public trust in these organisations has collapsed.”
 Farage said he had known Bannon for “many years” but, when asked whether they had talked here, he replied cryptically: “I can’t remember.”
 Asked about Trump’s travel ban, which led to chaos and protests at airports, Farage replied: “I just don’t get the hypocrisy of all you people. Sixteen countries ban Jews [actually Israelis] going into them, you don’t say a dicky bird. This man says for 90 days he’s going to put a temporary suspension on while he looks at the vetting rules – and by the way, America’s vetting rules are quite strict already, interestingly – working out whether it’s right or not, and it’s being portrayed amongst elements in the media and by many in western politics as if it’s some sort of road to fascism or something awful.
 “I just frankly think it’s the most massively over the top reaction. Now obviously he’s got caught up in legal complexity; he’s going to come back and have another try.”
 Farage also dismissed persistent allegations about the Trump campaign’s connections with Russia. “It’s been interfering in every election the world for the last hundred years, as indeed America has, so this is what goes on. It doesn’t mean it’s right or good; it’s the reality. Countries spy on each other, companies spy on each other. That’s the way it works.”



ARTICLE
It is a sign of the times that the sight of the president of the United States beside a person in a bunny suit wearing giant spectacles is probably the least bizarre political spectacle of the past three months.
Donald Trump welcomed families to the White House on Monday for the 139th Easter egg roll, its biggest social event of the year. Amid reports of a late scramble to get organised, officials said 21,000 children and adults were attending the festivities – down from the 35,000 who attended last year.
It remains to be seen if Trump, who bitterly disputed that the size of his inauguration crowd was smaller than Barack Obama’s despite clear photographic evidence, will claim his was the biggest and best Easter egg roll ever.
In theory, this was a day to put politics aside after a tumultuous start for a president better known for breaking eggs than rolling them. On a rain-soaked south lawn, figures who have become bogeymen in the liberal imagination – people who filled last year’s Republican national convention in Cleveland with dark and bilious rhetoric, encouraging chants of “Lock her up!” – attempted to show a softer side as they wandered among the Cat in the Hat, Elmo and a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle.
“Story time with Jeff Sessions” might make an unlikely TV show but there the hardline attorney general was, in suit and tie, reading It’s Not Easy Being a Bunny by Marilyn Sadler to a group of kids. Sessions, sitting by a pink sign that said “reading nook”, had barely got started when Trump emerged on the White House balcony.
“The president’s coming!” announced Sessions. “There he is! There’s an Easter bunny up there!”
Trump waved and there was a small cheer from the crowd, where one red “Make America great again” sign was visible. “I want to thank everybody,” the president said. “This is the 139th Easter egg roll. Think of it: 139. It began a long time ago – 1878.”
In Trumpian fashion, he suddenly pivoted to a quasi-campaign speech. “And we will be stronger and bigger and better as a nation than ever before. We’re right on track. You see what’s happening, and we’re right on track. So thank you, everybody, for being here.”
Accompanied by first lady Melania and son Barron, Trump said the three of them would come out to join the crowd for “a great” Easter egg roll. “And I don’t know if we’re going to be successful, but I know a lot of people down there are going to be successful. I’ve seen those kids, and they’re highly, highly competitive. That I can tell you.”
The president thanked his wife, who earlier had seemed to nudge him to remind him to put his hand on his heart during the national anthem. “She’s really worked hard on this. She has been working on this for a long time to make it perfect, and we wanted to keep it just right.” He also thanked his 11-year-old son, Barron, “for being here”.
Melania stepped up to the microphone. “As we renew this tradition, thank you for joining us,” she said. “On behalf of the president and Barron, we wish you great fun and beautiful days coming ahead of us.”
The somewhat stiff formalities contrasted with the easy banter of Barack and Michelle Obama at the same event a year ago. “Yay! Thank you, honey,” the first lady said back then. “I’m going to be running around the White House with a bunch of kids – and any adults who feel like they can hang.”
Back then, on a sunnier day, there was a surprise visit from Beyoncé along with basketball and American football players, and a performance by the actor and singer Idina Menzel. The somewhat less starry entertainment this year included the Martin Family Circus and the boy band Bro4.
The speeches done, Trump joined the children for a short time and showed he was still learning the ropes. At one point a child asked the president to sign his hat. Trump did so but then tossed the hat into the crowd. “No!” the child could be heard exclaiming in the incident captured on video.
Sessions resumed in his broad Alabama accent: “PJ Funny-bunny decided he didn’t want to be a bunny any more. He wanted to be a bear ...” But in the end, “PJ was very happy to come back to bunny land.” 
Sessions, whose grandchildren were present, said self-deprecatingly: “Some of us have big ears. This is a good story. We ought to be happy with who we are.”
Finishing up, he told the children: “This is the White House where the president lives. A lot of work gets done here. His team works like beavers in there. They work night and day.”
Next up in the “reading nook” was Melania, who had brought Party Animals by Kathie Lee Gifford. “I really like this book because it shows we are all different, but we are all the same,” the first lady said.
Meanwhile, Trump’s son Donald Jr, never short of New York braggadocio, declared his daughter Kai the winner of the egg roll. “I think that was the fastest egg roll in the history of the White House egg roll,” he said of his daughter, who has “her grandpa’s competitiveness. We call her Baby Donald for many reasons.”
Reflecting on his surroundings, Trump Jr added: “I get to do some of the cool stuff. To be able to stay at the White House, as an American, is really surreal.”
The White House senior adviser Kellyanne Conway and press secretary Sean Spicer watched their children among those rolling 18,000 commemorative wooden eggs. Spicer, who portrayed the Easter Bunny in 2008, said that today “we’re just sticking to a tie”. 
Despite the rain, the visitors included plenty of happy Trump supporters who had won tickets to be there in a lottery. Michael Schmidt, 43, a computer programmer who voted for the president, had driven seven hours from Dayton, Ohio, with his daughter Aubrey, 11, and seven-year-old son Austin. “I didn’t anticipate it being this cool,” he said, seeing the White House for the first time.
Aubrey said: “I never thought I’d be able to see the president. It was thrilling and exciting.”
Another Trump supporter, Steve Borders, 37, a US military mechanic from Fort Belvoir, Virginia, was accompanied by his wife and daughters aged 13 and nine. “It’s outstanding,” he said. “A once in a lifetime opportunity. The highlight was the chance the girls got to see Melania Trump read.”
Maureen Breitenbach, 70, last attended the event during Ronald Reagan’s presidency and had come with her daughter and three grandchildren. She said: “The White House is the people’s house that we allow the president to stay in. This event is a reminder why it’s important to celebrate Christ’s resurrection.”
Breitenbach, from Silver Spring, Maryland, added: “Donald Trump is doing a magnificent job. It’s not even 100 days yet and he is leading the US down the right path, regaining admiration and respect for our country around the world. He’s going to keep us safe. I’ll be happy he gets the wall built.”
Her granddaughter Victoria, 8, had tapped Trump on the arm. What had she wanted to say to him? “Happy Easter.”



ARTICLE
The grassroots movement that fueled Bernie Sanders’ rise to prominence in the 2016 Democratic primary has just produced one of its first congressional candidates.
The Guardian has learned that Pete D’Alessandro, who helped guide the Vermont senator to a virtual tie with frontrunner Hillary Clinton in the Iowa caucuses, will announce he is exploring a bid for Congress in Iowa’s third congressional district on Tuesday.
D’Alessandro is a veteran political operative who worked on campaigns for Paul Wellstone, Bill Bradley and a number of Iowa Democrats before becoming Bernie Sanders’ first campaign staffer in Iowa in the summer of 2015.
The district is a swing seat comprising Des Moines, its suburbs and south-western Iowa. Obama won the district twice before Donald Trump edged out Hillary Clinton in 2016. D’Alessandro will seek to challenge Republican David Young in 2018. A two-term incumbent, Young was a longtime Republican aide on Capitol Hill before being elected to Congress.
In a statement to the Guardian, D’Alessandro said: “For the past several months, progressives throughout Iowa’s third congressional district have contacted me and have asked me to consider running for the US House of Representatives. The many offers of support have been humbling. It is clear that a great many people believe it is not possible to change the clutter in Washington DC if we choose our candidates from the same failed pool that we have in the recent past.”
D’Alessandro’s bid represents a key test for the electoral prospects of Sanders’ allies. The seat has long been a political battleground and is expected to be once again in 2018 as Democrats try to regain their majority in the House of Representatives. Although several candidates who tied themselves to Sanders ran in a special election in California’s 34th district in March, that district is safely Democratic.
D’Alessandro’s race will mark a key measuring stick if the progressive message pushed by Sanders works in what is expected to be a competitive congressional primary and potentially in a swing district in November. 
Young already lost a major ally in March when a Super Pac tied to the House speaker, Paul Ryan, pulled out of his district after Young announced his opposition to the American Health Care Act, the ultimately unsuccessful Republican effort to repeal Obamacare. The group spent nearly $2m on Young’s behalf in 2016.



ARTICLE
The White House has admitted that Donald Trump does not know what type of surveillance he is alleging he was put under by Barack Obama, despite a tweet on Saturday explicitly saying his phone was tapped.
Sean Spicer, the president’s press secretary, argued that there was “substantial reporting” to show the issue merited congressional investigation, but did not identify Trump’s sources.
Trump alleged, without citing evidence, that Obama ordered a wiretap of the phones at Trump’s election campaign headquarters in Trump Tower in New York. “How low has President Obama gone to tapp [sic] my phones during the very sacred election process,” he tweeted early on Saturday morning. “This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!”
Previous media reports have suggested that the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (Fisa) court granted a warrant to enable the FBI to conduct surveillance of “US persons” in an investigation of possible contacts between Russian banks and the Trump Organization.
The Guardian reported that the FBI applied for a Fisa warrant over the summer in order to monitor four members of the Trump team suspected of irregular contacts with Russian officials. The Fisa court turned down the application asking FBI counter-intelligence investigators to narrow its focus. 
According to one report, the FBI was finally granted a warrant in October, but that has not been confirmed, and it is not clear whether any warrant led to a full investigation.
On Sunday, Obama’s director of national intelligence, James Clapper, denied any such court order was obtained.
But Spicer told reporters on Monday: “It could be Fisa, it could be surveillance. I think he’s [Trump] made clear that there are continued reports that have been out there. I think the president made it clear yesterday that he wants Congress to go in and look at this. I think there is substantial reporting out there from individuals and from sources.”
The White House asked the Republican-led Congress to examine, as part of an ongoing investigation into Russia’s interference in last November’s election, whether the Obama administration abused its authority.
But Spicer admitted he could not be more specific about what the abuse might have been. “I think that there’s no question that something happened. The question is, is it surveillance, is it a wiretap, or whatever?
“But there has been enough reporting that strongly suggests that something occurred and I think that’s why what he has said yesterday is that he wants Congress to look into this. And I think that there is enough out there now that makes one wonder how some of this happened without the existence of surveillance.”
A journalist attempted to press the issue further but Spicer interrupted him and said: “I’m going to put a pin in this.”
He added later: “The president speaks very candidly. His tweets speak for themselves.”
Trump’s early Saturday morning tweets – an extraordinary charge by an incumbent president against a predecessor – came shortly after similar claims were made by a conservative radio host, later summarised by the rightwing Breitbart News. 
Pressed specifically on whether Trump based his accusations on a radio host, Spicer said: “He is not going to comment any further on this,” but added there were “numerous” reports, including one in the New York Times and “several sources brought this to light”.
Minutes earlier Spicer had railed against the media for basing reports about possible contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia on anonymous sources. “At some point I would ask people to take on-the-record sources.”
Trump would also ask Congress to look into the issue of “pervasive leaks” of classified information relating to national security, he added.
Asked if Trump had spoken to Obama before making the accusation, or indeed whether he had spoken to Obama since moving into the Oval Office, Spicer replied: “I’m not aware of whether or not they’ve talked. I can ask and get back to you.”
James Comey, the director of the FBI, asked the justice department to reject the president’s assertion because it was false and must be corrected, according to the New York Times and other media reports. The department has remained silent.
Spicer was questioned over whether Trump had spoken to Comey. “To the best of my knowledge, I’m almost 100% certain he has not,” he said. “I am not aware that actually happened.”
Leading Republicans have said they will honour the president’s request to investigate but conceded that they were not aware of any evidence for the president’s assertion.
On Monday, Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House oversight and government reform committee, told CBS: “Thus far, I have not seen anything directly that would support what the president has said.”
Chaffetz added that it would take time for a House intelligence panel investigating the alleged Russia links to get to the bottom of the wiretapping allegation and that his committee would play a supporting role in this. 
Meanwhile, Chuck Schumer, the Democratic minority leader in the Senate, called on the Department of Justice’s inspector general to investigate any possible political interference in its inquiries into contacts between Trump’s associates and Russia. 
“The American people deserve to know if the investigation into Russia’s interference with our election and the administration’s contact with Russian officials has been compromised by political interference,” Schumer said.
“As we saw last week – when attorney general Sessions only decided to recuse himself after his misleading Congress regarding Russia contacts became public – this administration has not been forthcoming about its contacts with Russia, and are too slow to follow DoJ guidelines designed to ensure investigations are fair and independent.”
Schumer added: “We need to ensure that the investigation is impartial, and hasn’t already been compromised in any way by the Trump administration. That’s why I’m calling on the inspector general to get involved immediately.”
Fellow Democrat Nancy Pelosi, minority leader in the House, has accused Trump of behaving like an autocrat. “It’s called a wrap-up smear,” she said. “You make up something. Then you have the press write about it. And then you say, everybody is writing about this charge. It’s a tool of an authoritarian.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump is vowing to step up efforts to combat the nation’s addiction crisis.
Trump convened a roundtable Wednesday attended by New Jersey governor Chris Christie, members of his cabinet, law enforcement chiefs and recovering addicts. It was the first public event tied to the launch of a new addiction commission that Trump asked Christie, a longtime friend and formal rival, to chair.
Trump listened intently as attendees shared their harrowing stories about addiction and recovery. He told a woman who lost her son to an overdose that he did not die in vain.
Christie, who has made the issue of addiction a centerpiece of his own administration, chaired Trump’s presidential transition team before he was unceremoniously replaced by incoming Vice-President Mike Pence.
Christie spoke extensively about the issue during his own presidential bid and has dedicated his final year in office to addressing the drug crisis. Last month, he signed legislation that limits first-time opioid prescriptions to five days’ worth of drugs and requires state-regulated health insurers to cover at least six months of substance abuse treatment.
Christie told the Associated Press earlier Wednesday that he has “no interest in having a permanent role” in the Trump administration at this time, but that the president asked him to spearhead efforts to combat opioid and drug abuse as he completes his term as governor.
“He asked me to help with this and I’m going to,” Christie said. “It’s an issue that I care about a lot in New Jersey and for the country and so the president asked me to do this and I was happy to.”
Christie has been friends with Trump for years and has been working behind the scenes with the White House on the issue for months, discussing it with aides including Kellyanne Conway, a fellow New Jersey native, and the president. The commission is being rolled out as part of a new office led by Trump’s son-in-law and top adviser Jared Kushner, whose father Christie prosecuted in his former role as US attorney.
Christie, who had lunch with Kushner on Tuesday as part of his discussions about the administration’s policy, downplayed reports of tensions between the two.
“It was great,” Christie said. “We are talking about the opioid issue because it’s one of the things that’s going to be overseen out of his department and so we had a good lunch and a good opportunity to lay out what we need to do and what our goals are.”
Christie’s history with drug policy dates to his first elected position in county government more than 20 years ago. The issue became personal more than a decade later, when one of Christie’s best friends from law school developed an addiction to prescription drugs and died of an overdose in a New Jersey motel.
Christie’s position leading the commission is a volunteer one, and he has long maintained that he plans to complete his term as governor before moving to the private sector. Nonetheless, people close to him say that he is open to potentially joining the administration once his term ends.
Christie’s last visit to the White House stoked speculation. After he and his wife, Mary Pat, had lunch with Trump in February, Christie was bombarded with questions at home about his intentions.
“Let me be very clear, we did not get into any discussion of me joining the current administration in some type of drug abuse role, some type of czar or God forbid surgeon general,” he said then.
The focus on the drug issue also gives Christie a chance to try to move past negative headlines that have helped fuel his unpopularity in New Jersey.
As Christie is appearing at the White House, two former aides are being sentenced for their roles in the 2013 George Washington bridge lane-closing scandal. Bill Baroni was sentenced to two years in prison on Wednesday, and co-defendant Bridget Kelly given 18 months, after they were convicted last November on counts including wire fraud, conspiracy and misusing the bridge for improper purposes.
The scandal derailed Christie’s presidential aspirations and may have cost him a chance to be then-GOP nominee Trump’s running mate – a role Christie openly courted. He was later named chair of Trump’s transition effort, but was booted after Trump won the election due to internal disagreements about the transition’s direction.
Several of Christie’s former aides now work in the Trump administration.



ARTICLE
Paul Manafort, who served last year as Donald Trump’s campaign manager, is planning to register with the justice department as a foreign agent, his spokesman said on Wednesday. 
Manafort’s lobbying for a foreign client ended before he began working on Trump’s presidential campaign “and was not conducted on behalf of the Russian government”, a spokesman, Jason Maloni, said in a statement.
Manafort’s ties to Russia are part of investigations under way by the FBI and congressional intelligence committees into Moscow’s interference in the 2016 presidential election, according to reports by the New York Times and other media.
Manafort has denied any impropriety and has volunteered to be interviewed by the House intelligence committee. Russia has denied interfering in the election. 
“Since before the 2016 election, Mr Manafort has been in discussions with federal authorities about the advisability of registering under FARA for some of his past political work,” Maloni said, referring to the Foreign Agents Registration Act. 
“Mr Manafort received formal guidance recently from the authorities and he is taking appropriate steps in response to the guidance. The work in question was widely known,” Maloni said. He declined to be more specific. 
Manafort previously worked on behalf of the political party of Viktor Yanukovich, the former Kremlin-backed leader of Ukraine. 
Manafort resigned from Trump’s campaign last August, days after documents surfaced in Kiev suggesting he had received millions in undisclosed payments from Yanukovich’s party. 
The Associated Press reported on Wednesday that it had obtained financial records confirming that at least $1.2m in payments were received by Manafort’s consulting firm in the United States in 2007 and 2009. 
“Any wire transactions received by my company are legitimate payments for political consulting work that was provided. I invoiced my clients and they paid via wire transfer, which I received through a US bank,” Manafort told the Associated Press. 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump threatened on Tuesday to send “feds” to Chicago over a rise in shootings in the city, escalating a feud with the city’s mayor, Rahm Emanuel.
“If Chicago doesn’t fix the horrible “carnage” going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds,” Trump tweeted.
Earlier this month, Trump suggested that Chicago would need federal assistance, tweeting: “Chicago murder rate is record setting – 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can’t do it he must ask for Federal help!”
Neither tweet was clear about what the president meant with the abbreviation “feds”, which could mean the FBI, national guard or a variety of other federally backed services. The Obama administration had already assigned dozens of federal agents to assist the city, including 52 agents with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, and about 120 FBI agents.
In his earlier tweet, Trump wrongly said the murder rate was “record setting”; in the second, he accurately cited the number of shootings in Chicago this year, according to a tally kept by the Chicago Tribune. 
On Monday, Emanuel, who served as Barack Obama’s first White House chief of staff before becoming mayor, derided Trump for the new president’s continuing preoccupation with the crowd sizes at his inaugural address last Friday.
“You didn’t get elected to debate the crowd size at your inaugural,” Emanuel told reporters. “You got elected to make sure that people have a job, that the economy continues to grow, people have security as it relates to their kids’ education. It wasn’t about your crowd size. It was about their lives and their jobs.”
Emanuel added that American families did not care about crowd size, saying: “They were talking about jobs, education, healthcare, security.”
Earlier this month, a spokesman for Emanuel’s office said that the mayor agreed that “the federal government has a strong role to play in public safety”, listing federal funding for summer jobs and at-risk youth, passing gun laws and “holding the criminals who break our gun laws accountable for their crimes”.
Trump used the word “carnage” to characterize the United States in his inaugural speech, last Friday, although crime rates around the country remain low. The FBI reported a 10.8% single-year increase in homicides in 2015, largely due to violent crime in a handful of cities, including Chicago, Washington DC and Baltimore, while crime remained near historic lows in New York, Los Angeles and other cities.
During his campaign, Trump suggested that Chicago should use stop-and-frisk police tactics, a controversial practice that a federal judge in New York ruled unconstitutional in 2013. Last week the justice department found that Chicago’s police were regularly responsible for using force that was “unjustified, disproportionate and otherwise excessive”.



ARTICLE
On his “first working day” in office, Donald Trump signed a presidential memorandum to freeze hiring of non-military federal workers in a move applauded by small government conservatives and lambasted by public sector workers.
The order mandates that “no vacant positions existing at noon on January 22, 2017 may be filled and no new positions may be created” until the president implements a longer-term plan to cut the federal government workforce by attrition. 
Although the measure is only temporary, it may have potentially unintended consequences for one of Trump’s most aggressive policy reform platforms: tough immigration enforcement and ramped up deportations.
The order includes exemptions for any government hires tasked with “national security or public safety responsibilities”, meaning Trump can still go ahead with pledges to add thousands of new positions with the Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement. But it is decidedly unclear how the freeze will affect the ultimate arbiter in hundreds of thousands of removal cases: the federal immigration courts. 
These 58 courts are at a breaking point. With a backlog of over 530,000 cases, the highest number on record, the average case now takes close to two years to be processed and in some jurisdictions cases can languish in the pile for six years or more. 
For many of the thousands awaiting an outcome on asylum claims, advocates warn, the uncertainty and prolonged limbo leads to serious psychological harm. Parties on both sides of the debate on immigration reform accept the situation is untenable. 
As Trump looks set to preside over a hardline immigration regime, with pledges to speed up removals and ramp up enforcement within the United States, the backlog in these courts is likely to increase. This presents a setback for his enforcement pledges that would be significantly magnified if the federal employment freeze is applied to the Executive Office for Immigration Review [EOIR] – the justice department division responsible for immigration courts. Put simply, the order has the potential to slow down some of the deportations Trump has pledged to carry through. 
The courts have remained chronically underfunded and understaffed as the backlog has continued to grow. Although EOIR went on a recent hiring spree, bringing the total number of judges in the system to a record high of 296, estimates suggest the department needs to hire another 150 judges to bring the backlog under control by 2023. 
Even immigration hawks concede the federal hiring freeze could be a stumbling block for Trump. “If the goal is to reduce the backlog as quickly as possible, then yeah, a hiring freeze probably would make that harder,” said Mark Krikorian, executive director at the conservative thinktank the Center for Immigration Studies. 
Others point to a bleaker potential outcome. 
“If we’re not going to be hiring more immigration judges, then what we’re going to see is that backlog is going to expand and make for a very frustrating experience for folks regardless of what their political perspectives are. Those courts might very well come to a halt,” said César Cuauhtémoc García Hernández, an assistant professor at the University of Denver Sturm College of Law. 
The Trump administration could seek to move EOIR into the public safety exemption category of the presidential memo, but the Guardian has learned that the National Association of Immigration Judges, the professional organisation representing immigration jurists across the US, has received no guidance on the matter. 
García Hernández argued that such a move would not be “an intuitive reading” of the exemptions. 
“It would seem to strain logic, but simply because it’s a strain of logic, as we’ve learned, doesn’t mean that it’s off limits. It may be, if I can paraphrase Kellyanne Conway, simply an alternative reading of logic,” García Hernández said.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump has chosen the husband of White House counselor Kellyanne Conway to head the civil division of the Justice Department, the Wall Street Journal reported on Saturday.
George Conway was chosen to lead the office that has responsibility for defending the administration’s proposed travel ban and defending lawsuits filed against the administration, the newspaper said.
The White House and the justice department would not confirm the pick on Saturday. George Conway declined to comment.
Conway is a partner at the New York law firm Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz. The law firm’s website says Conway has extensive experience in litigation involving securities, mergers and acquisitions, contracts and antitrust cases. 
He graduated from Harvard and then Yale Law School. He joined the law firm in 1988, soon after his graduation from law school.
He has been involved in numerous complex, high-profile cases with that firm, where he has been a partner since 1994. In the 1990s, Conway wrote the supreme court brief that cleared the way for Paula Jones’ civil suit against President Bill Clinton. 
Clinton’s denial of an affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky during a deposition in the Jones case led to his impeachment trial.
Kellyanne Conway is a long-time Republican pollster who joined Trump’s presidential campaign at a critical moment of upheaval last summer, after its campaign chairman abruptly resigned. She was named campaign manager and quickly earned the candidate’s trust, later being named a senior adviser in the White House.
She is also close with daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, another senior adviser and influential voice in Trump’s inner circle.
Conway has been at the center of a number of controversies since taking up her White House post, including a defense of inaccurate “alternative facts” about inauguration crowds, the citation of a non-existent terrorist atrocity, and the apparent promotion of Ivanka Trump’s products in a TV interview, an act that violated ethics rules and resulted in Conway being “counseled”.



ARTICLE
A presidency under open-ended investigation for its ties to Russia. A director of the FBI, himself key in aiding the president’s election, not only confirming that inquiry but refuting the president’s claim of illegal surveillance by his predecessor.
The first open hearing into Donald Trump’s alleged Russia connections on Monday ensured that the US president will operate under a cloud of suspicion until either the various inquiries deliver credible public conclusions or Trump leaves office, whichever comes first. 
Testimony from the FBI director, James Comey, indicated that for Trump, the allegations are no weather pattern, lasting for a finite time, but rather the climate for his presidency – what the House intelligence committee chairman, Devin Nunes, a Republican who was also a Trump transition official, angrily called a “big gray cloud”.
Here are critical questions for understanding that climate. 
The next big calendar date for the public hearings is 28 March, when two Obama-era intelligence officials, the ex-director of national intelligence James Clapper and the ex-CIA director John Brennan, will appear before the House panel. Both were instrumental in the January assessment that the Russians had interfered in the US presidential election in an attempt to benefit Trump.
Two days later will see the first public hearing for the Senate intelligence committee, which is also investigating Russia’s involvement in the 2016 election. Neither Comey nor the National Security Agency (NSA) director, Mike Rogers, is scheduled to testify, though Rogers’ predecessor, Keith Alexander, is. That hearing will focus on Russia’s interference in other elections. 
Comey pointedly did not reveal anything beyond confirming that the bureau has been conducting a counterintelligence investigation into Trump associates and Russia since “late July”.
Counterintelligence investigations, designed to identify security breaches and root out spies or compromised officials, move slowly and do not easily get resolved. They do not often lead to criminal charges. It is unknown if this investigation will lead to a grand jury empanelment, let alone a criminal case, let alone a conviction. In a comment likely to be seen as ominous at the White House, Comey said the inquiry was “very complex and there is no way for me to give you a timetable as to when it will be done”.
Ironically, Comey is himself under justice department inquiry for his own interjections in the election, which Hillary Clinton believes cost her the White House.
Several things that Adam Schiff, the lead Democrat on the committee, listed as data points connecting Trump to Russia:
Hard to say, but probably not warm. Comey did not just knock down Trump’s claims that Obama had Trump Tower wiretapped. He corrected Trump in real time. When the official presidential Twitter account claimed Comey and Rogers had said Russia did not influence the election, Comey replied: “It certainly wasn’t our intention to say that today because we don’t have any information on that subject. And that’s not something that was looked at.”
Already Comey’s nominal boss, the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, has had to recuse himself from any inquiry into the Trump-Russia question. The White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, came under fire for attempting to get the FBI to knock down news reports about Trump and Russia. Comey testified, to the frustration of Republicans, that he would not do that. 
Trump has the power to fire Comey. To do so at this point would immediately raise comparisons to Richard Nixon’s “Saturday night massacre”, in which Nixon’s dismissal of the independent Watergate counsel prompted the resignation of the justice department leadership. 
Much recent speculation has claimed that the scandal will prevent Trump from embracing Vladimir Putin. Yet the secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, is skipping a Nato meeting next month but keeping an appointment in Russia later in April. Whatever reason Tillerson cites – the Nato meeting conflicts with Chinese president Xi Jinping’s arrival in the US – officials from every European capital will see the secretary of state in Moscow before they see him in Brussels. It is the latest mixed message on Trump’s view of Nato, a key question before he is slated to meet Putin in Hamburg in July for the first time at the G20 summit. 
A subplot in the hearing came when Comey, questioned by the New York Republican Elise Stefanik, revealed that he had kept the counterintelligence inquiry from Congress until “some time recently”. That followed earlier warnings from Schiff that the FBI was dragging its feet on providing the House panel with critical information, as well as non-answers to the broader House that angered Democrats. Schiff also began the hearing by all but begging Comey to cooperate with a House inquiry he said was stretched thin. 
“The sensitivity of the matter” prompted withholding it from Congress, Comey said, though Democrats point to Comey’s fateful late-October letter to Congress, quickly leaked, speculating (ultimately without basis) that additional material damaging to Clinton might emerge from the FBI’s investigation into the disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner. Though he didn’t say so, Comey might consider that leak a lesson in why he can’t tell Congress everything.
On the Republican side, several members told Comey that he had put Trump under a “cloud” of suspicion that the administration was unlikely to disperse. Their dealings with Comey are likely to be affected by that cloud for as long as they see their fortunes yoked to their party’s leader in the White House.
Several Republican members of the panel opted to focus on leaks they attributed to the intelligence agencies about Trump and Russia, events that support Trump’s assertion that the allegations are merely the sour grapes of political enemies who range from Obama to the intelligence community. 
They intimated that unless Comey and Rogers hunted the leakers down, they would allow a broad intelligence authority, known as section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (Fisa), to expire in December, as now they found the privacy implications of the provision – which undergirds the NSA’s Prism and Upstream mass-communications-data collections – disturbing. (Those Republicans did not raise those concerns after Edward Snowden’s revelations showed the vast privacy implications of 702 affecting ordinary Americans.)
“It could be you. It could be me,” said the Republican Trey Gowdy.
 It fell to the NSA’s Rogers to point out that “collection on targets in the United States has nothing to do with 702”. Rogers is taking liberties with this – yes, 702’s targets must be outside the US, but its dragnets capture those inside the US with whom those targets communicate or whom they discuss – but conversations with foreign agents such as Russian officials would be collected under the pre-702 sections of Fisa. All this suggested Republicans on the panel overseeing the intelligence community do not understand the surveillance laws they pass.
For civil libertarians, who consider 702 so broad as to be unconstitutional, the GOP turning against the surveillance authority resembles a dream come true. Yet endorsement of it remains prominent on the House intelligence committee’s website. 



ARTICLE
Customs and Border Protection (CBP) agents defied the orders of federal judges regarding Donald Trump’s travel bans on Sunday, according to members of Congress and attorneys who rallied protests around the country in support of detained refugees and travellers from seven Muslim-majority countries.
On Sunday afternoon, four Democratic members of the House of Representatives arrived at Dulles airport in Virginia on word that people had been detained and denied access to lawyers. 
“We have a constitutional crisis today,” representative Don Beyer wrote on Twitter. “Four members of Congress asked CBP officials to enforce a federal court order and were turned away.”
Representative Jamie Raskin, also at the airport, tweeted that the federal agency had given “no answers yet” about whether agents were ignoring the courts. Raskin joined several other attorneys there, including Damon Silvers, special counsel at AFL-CIO, one of the groups trying to help visa holders. 
“As far as I know no attorney has been allowed to see any arriving passenger subject to Trumps exec order at Dulles today,” Silvers tweeted on Sunday evening. “CBP appears to be saying people in their custody not ‘detained’ technically & Dulles international arrivals areas not in the United States.”
No one responded to calls or emails with questions about the court orders at Dulles CBP or the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), and the confusion played out in similar patterns at major airports around the country. 
Late on Saturday night, federal judges in New York, Virginia and Massachusetts ordered a temporary halt to the president’s deportation of people who had arrived in the US with valid visas.
“Rogue customs and Border Patrol agents continue to try to get people on to planes,” Becca Heller, director of the International Refugee Assistance Project, told reporters on Sunday morning at JFK airport in New York. “A lot of people have been handcuffed, a lot of people who don’t speak English are being coerced into taking involuntary departures.”
The New York judge did not rule on whether Trump’s orders were constitutional, but her courtroom was packed with civil rights advocates and protesters who spilled out into the streets of Brooklyn, where thousands demonstrated.
At the height of protests at JFK on Saturday, about 5,000 protesters swarmed terminal four after an estimated 17 passengers, including green-card holders, were detained for hours. Travellers were released as Sunday wore on.
Senator Chuck Schumer, the Democratic leader in the Senate, posted on Twitter that homeland security secretary John Kelly had assured him the court order would be followed. “All those still in airports expected to be admitted,” Schumer tweeted. The DHS said in a statement that it would “enforce all of the president’s executive orders” but also that officials “will comply with judicial orders”.
In New York, though, lawyers described official resistance to requests for basic information on those being held. 
 “We continue to face border patrol’s noncompliance and chaos at airports around the country,” said Marielena Hincapie, director of the National Immigration Law Center. Officials, she said, were “kafkaesque” in their confused responses, adding that Trump’s order “has already caused irrevocable harm, it has already caused chaos”.
Heller said some border agents were trying to force detainees to surrender green cards, while other, “good Samaritan” agents were sympathetic to travellers, protesters and attorneys. “There is no method to this madness,” Heller said. She added that some agents had told attorneys: “Call Donald Trump.”
Lee Gelernt, the attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union who argued in Brooklyn on Saturday night, said lawyers were trying to record incidents of noncompliance so they could go back to court. “The judge will certainly want to know if her orders are not being complied with,” he said. “Eventually you could get to something like contempt, but I think we’re a long way from that.”
Gelernt said that Saturday’s suits were the “first step” in a broader challenge to Trump’s orders. “We have to say no to discrimination based on religion.”
Authorities in Atlanta and Chicago had released some detainees, she added, while San Francisco and Los Angeles had only partially complied. It was not until late Sunday that DHS secretary John Kelly said his agency believed it to be “in the national interest” to allow lawful permanent residents to enter the country.
Heller said in one case, an Iranian Fulbright scholar, who did not give permission to use her name, had been forced on to an Air Ukraine flight at JFK – hours after agents had received the court order to stop.
“The flight started taxiing away from the gate,” Heller said. “She was on the phone with us and stood up and asked to get off the flight the crew just ignored her.” The attorneys made desperate calls to higher-level officials, and the plane was eventually turned around on the tarmac and the woman returned to detention.
Mitra Vardei, a friend of the student, said she had heard conflicting information. “She is going to be deported, then we hear there is a ban and she won’t be deported.” 
An estimated 400 lawyers have signed up to represent detainees, and dozens flocked to airports, many with signs in Arabic and Farsi to alert relatives that attorneys could help them find lost loved ones. From Saturday into Sunday, hundreds attended rallies against Trump’s “extreme vetting order” at 29 cities and airports across the country. The ACLU reported $10m raised since Saturday and tens of thousands of new members. 
Immigrant advocacy groups said the protests on Saturday that were staged at US airports were initially spontaneous, then coalesced through social media. The impromptu protests were followed by more formal efforts that, as in previous civil rights protests, had public and private companies articulating anti-government positions.
Republican leaders of Congress were relatively mute. Through a spokeswoman, House speaker Paul Ryan said he supported the ban and did not consider it a religious test. Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell, who like Ryan criticized Trump’s plan for a Muslim ban while the businessman was a candidate, told ABC its legality should be left to the courts.



ARTICLE
The Russian influence scandal engulfing the White House deepened dramatically on Tuesday night with reports that some of Donald Trump’s campaign aides had frequent contact with Russian intelligence officials over the course of last year.
A report in the New York Times came nearly 24 hours after the national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was forced to resign over conversations with the Russian ambassador to Washington and misleading statements about them to the press and the vice-president, Mike Pence. 
The New York Times report cites four current and former US intelligence officials who are unnamed and who conceded they had “so far” seen no evidence in the intercepted phone communications that Trump campaign officials had cooperated with Russian intelligence in Moscow’s efforts to skew the election in Trump’s favour. The officials do not explain what, in that case, the contacts were about. 
A CNN report said “high-level advisers close to then-presidential nominee Donald Trump were in constant communication during the campaign with Russians known to US intelligence”.
Despite the uncertainties, the reports are threatening to the Trump administration on a number of levels.
Trump fired off an angry series of tweets on Wednesday morning, claiming: “This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton’s losing campaign.” 
He attacked the intelligence community for what he saw as “unAmerican” leaks to newspapers that have written anonymously sourced stories about his and his advisers’ alleged links to Russia in recent days. “Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?),” he wrote. “Just like Russia.” That was the “real scandal”, he said. 
Trump also complained that the “fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred”, echoing the language of the Kremlin reaction to the latest reports. 
The only Trump associate named in the New York Times report as having participated in the contacts was Paul Manafort, who was the Trump campaign manager for several months last summer. He had previously worked as an adviser to the former Ukrainian president, Viktor Yanukovych, who was backed by Moscow, and pro-Russian Ukrainian oligarchs.
Manafort has repeatedly denied any contacts with Russian officials. He told the New York Times on Tuesday: “I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers, and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today.”
 “It’s not like these people wear badges that say, ‘I’m a Russian intelligence officer,’” he added.
Manafort did not immediately respond to a Guardian request for comment.
Manafort left the Trump campaign in August, after allegations about his activities in Ukraine first surfaced. At about the same time the campaign also distanced itself from a US businessman, Carter Page, whom Trump had previously described as an adviser, after Page was reported to have had contacts with Vladimir Putin’s top lieutenants. Page called the reports “complete garbage”.
The new reports of the Trump campaign’s contacts with Moscow rekindled bitterness among former campaign aides to Hillary Clinton, over a pre-election announcement by the FBI director, James Comey, that new material was being studied in an investigation of her use of a private internet server for her emails. 
That investigation came to nothing, but Clinton officials were convinced the bad publicity, just 11 days before the election, cost her crucial votes. By contrast, they point out, the Republican Comey said nothing about investigations under way at the same time into Trump’s Russian links. 
 “I’d like the FBI to explain why they sent a letter about Clinton but not this,” Clinton’s former campaign manager, Robby Mook, said in a tweet on Tuesday night.
Her former spokesman, Brian Fallon, tweeted: “Everything we suspected during the campaign is proving true. This is a colossal scandal.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump has lashed out at the appeals court weighing his travel ban, telling an audience of police chiefs and sheriffs that some of the deliberations he had heard were “disgraceful”.
The president insisted that his order banning travellers from seven Muslim-majority nations, which is currently blocked, was “done for the security of our nation” and should be respected.
The ninth US circuit court of appeals is examining the Department of Justice’s appeal for a stay on the temporary restraining order placed on the travel ban by a district court judge last week. In a hearing on Tuesday, a government lawyer faced tough questions over Trump’s campaign promise to close US borders to Muslims.
“It’s really incredible to me that we have a court case that’s going on so long,” Trump told a conference of law enforcement officials in Washington on Wednesday. “They’re interpreting things differently than probably 100% of the people in this room.”
He quoted from the portion of the immigration law that he said gave him the power to enact the ban, calling it “beautifully written” and saying even “a bad high school student would understand this”.
The “only mistake” was that the order should have referred to the president as “he or she”, he said, “but hopefully it won’t be for at least another seven years”.
The president said he followed the proceedings on television, which broadcast a live audio stream of the hearing. “I watched last night in amazement and I heard things that I couldn’t believe, things that really had nothing to do with what I just read.
“I don’t ever want to call a court biased, so I won’t call it biased, and we haven’t had a decision yet, but courts seem to be so political and it would be so great for our justice system if they would be able to read a statement and do what’s right, and that has to do with the security of our country, which is so important.”
The court is made up of three judges: one appointed by former Democratic president Jimmy Carter, one by Republican George W Bush and one by Democrat Barack Obama.
Trump, a Republican, continued: “I was a good student, I understand things, I comprehend very well, OK? Better than, I think, almost anybody. And I want to tell you that I listened to a bunch of stuff last night on television that was disgraceful, it was disgraceful, because what I just read to you is what we have and it just can’t be written any plainer or better.”
The president’s executive order barred all visitors from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen from entering the US for 90 days, and suspended Syrian refugees’ entry indefinitely and all other refugees’ entry for 120 days. It sparked protests and airport chaos across the country, before a temporary restraining order was issued against it by a federal judge, James Robart, on Friday.
Trump had also been critical of Robart, referring to him as a “so-called judge”.
The ninth circuit is expected to rule quickly on the motion for the stay. If they grant the stay, the executive order would go back into effect while the suit against the federal government brought by the state of Washington continues in district court. If the court declines to grant the stay, the federal government can file an emergency motion with the supreme court. 
Meanwhile, the original case between Washington state and the federal government will continue in district court, where Robart is moving ahead with asking for briefs on a preliminary injunction against the executive order.
Hundreds of members of the Major Cities Chiefs Association and Major County Sheriffs’ Association were in Trump’s standing room crowd on Wednesday, some in uniform. Trump told them: “You have a true, true friend in the White House. I stand with you.”
He repeated his promises to reduce violence in Chicago, where he said more than 4,000 people were shot last year (the exact figure is 3,550), and argued that “no one in America should be punished” because of their birthplace. “What is going on in Chicago?” he asked, pledging to provide resources to police departments and promising “zero tolerance” for violence against law enforcement.
Trump also pledged to work on combating drug abuse and said there should be resources to deal with a “mental health crisis”. This drew louder applause than his comments about the immigration ban case. Trump reiterated his vow to build a wall on the Mexican border, insisting: “I don’t kid.”
The president still found time on Wednesday to take aim at another target: department store Nordstrom. He complained about its decision to stop selling his daughter Ivanka’s clothing and accessory line.
Trump tweeted: “My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!” The post was retweeted more than 6,000 times in less than an hour.
Nordstrom had said last week that it made the move based on the brand’s performance, and that each year it replenishes about 10% of its supply with new products. The department store chain’s shares dropped after the tweet but later bounced back.
Trump, who has been much criticised for mixing business with politics, sent the tweet at 10.51am. According to a White House press release, he received his daily intelligence brief in the Oval Office at 10.30am.
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, characterised the tweet as a father standing up for his child. “For people to take out their concern about his actions or executive orders on members of his family, he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success,” he said.
“I think there’s clearly a targeting of her brand … There’s clearly efforts to undermine that name based on her father’s positions on particular policies he’s taken. This is a direct attack on his policies and her name.”
On another hectic day, Trump hosted Intel’s chief executive, Brian Krzanich, who announced a $7bn investment in a factory in Arizona. Krzanich said the factory will make “the most advanced” microchips on the planet, hiring about 3,000 workers directly and 10,000 workers in Arizona in support of the factory.
Trump tweeted: “Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirst”. The tweet was appended with an American flag.
The president’s long struggle to get a cabinet in place continued with Senator Jeff Sessions set to be confirmed as attorney general on Wednesday evening.
But the process was overshadowed when Senate Republicans voted to silence Democrat Elizabeth Warren for reading out a letter written 30 years ago by Martin Luther King Jr’s widow, Coretta Scott King, that criticised Sessions over his civil rights record.
The extraordinarily rare rebuke triggered a wave of support for Warren on social media under the hashtag #LetLizSpeak after she went outside the chamber and read the letter in a video posted online. Hillary Clinton, who lost the election to Trump, tweeted a link, turning Republican majority leader Mitch McConnell’s criticisms of Warren into a badge of pride: “She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted.”
Spicer declined to comment on the specific incident during Wednesday’s briefing. He said: “Unfortunately, as has become commonplace in the Senate, Democrats once again spent hours last night in a counterproductive discussion about one of President Trump’s clearly qualified nominees, not to mention one of their peers.”
Spicer said of Coretta Scott King’s letter: “I would respectfully disagree with her assessment of Senator Sessions then and now.” He said he was hopeful that if King were still alive and could get to know Sessions now, she would take a different view.
Additional reporting by Ben Jacobs and Julia Carrie Wong



ARTICLE
Following criticism from ethics experts, Ivanka Trump will become an official government employee, working as an unpaid adviser to her father in the White House, alongside her husband.
Last week, the president’s daughter came under fire after announcing she would become an adviser without a specific title, but with an office in the West Wing, a government-issued phone and computer and security clearance to access classified information. 
“While there is no modern precedent for an adult child of the president, I will voluntarily follow all of the ethics rules placed on government employees,” she said at the time.
Richard Painter, a law professor at the University of Minnesota who served as chief ethics lawyer for George W Bush between 2005 and 2007 and has frequently spoken out about the Trump family’s various ethical controversies, told the Guardian: “She has a West Wing office, she has equipment, she has a White House email address, she’s going to be doing policy work. For purposes of the conflict of interest statute, I believe she is a government employee.”
Now Ivanka Trump has responded to such criticism by taking on a formal role. 
She said in a statement: “I have heard the concerns some have with my advising the president in my personal capacity while voluntarily complying with all ethics rules, and I will instead serve as an unpaid employee in the White House office, subject to all of the same rules as other federal employees.”
Her lawyer, Jamie Gorelick, told the New York Times, which first reported the news, that Trump had changed her mind because of “her commitment to compliance with federal ethics standards and her openness to opposing points of view”.
The Times quoted a spokeswoman for Donald Trump as saying: “Ivanka’s service as an unpaid employee furthers our commitment to ethics, transparency and compliance and affords her increased opportunities to lead initiatives driving real policy benefits for the American public that would not have been available to her previously.”
Painter told the Guardian on Wednesday: “I think she made the right decision because her lawyers told her what I’ve been saying all along ... that she is a government employee.”
He added: “And I think she understands that and I think she told the White House, ‘Stop screwing around and playing games’ and let her be an employee.” 
Referring to conflict of interest statutes, he said: “I’m glad they sorted this out, because the last thing we need is the president’s daughter committing a crime that could be a felony.”
The role of billionaire investor Carl Icahn, another of Donald Trump’s informal advisers, needed to be similarly formalised, Painter said. 
Several attorneys and government watchdog leaders last week wrote a letter to the White House counsel, Don McGahn, asking him to reconsider his approval of Ivanka Trump serving her father without becoming an official government employee. 
Norman Eisen, who was Barack Obama’s ethics counselor, was among those who signed the letter. He said that “for a change in what has largely been an ethics disaster, the White House came to their senses. Let’s hope it doesn’t turn out to be an isolated moment of sanity.”
Fred Wertheimer, president of the government watchdog group Democracy 21 and a co-writer of the letter to McGahn, said he commended Ivanka Trump for formalizing her status. “Democracy 21 praises Ms Trump for her decision, which recognizes that it would have been wrong for her to function as a White House employee and not be subject to the same rules that apply to other White House employees,” he said in a statement.
Trump acknowledged in a statement to the Associated Press that she “wouldn’t be here in Washington if my father wasn’t elected president”. But she added: “I want to add positive and meaningful value and people will be able to judge with time if I’ve been successful in that goal.”
There is no precedent for someone whose father is president to work in the White House, although two presidents – Andrew Jackson and James Buchanan – had their nieces serve in the role of first lady since Jackson was a widower and Buchanan a bachelor.
Ivanka Trump has handed control over the day-to-day running of her eponymous clothing business to an executive and its assets are maintained by a trust managed by two of her husband’s siblings.
As part of the trust rules, outlined in the New York Times, Trump can veto any potential business deals for her clothing company that might create a conflict with her political work – meaning she will continue to know about any new deals. 
Trump’s marriage to the real estate developer Jared Kushner, her father’s senior adviser, poses additional potential problems, because both could benefit financially from each other’s businesses.
Kushner was appointed to an additional role this week at the helm of Donald Trump’s White House Office of American Innovation, which is designed to overhaul the federal government with input from the private sector.
The same day it was revealed that Kushner would testify before a Senate committee investigating Russian interference in last year’s election. Kushner’s offer to appear before the Senate panel stems from his meeting with Sergey Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the US whose contacts with former national security adviser Michael Flynn led to the latter’s resignation. 
Some liberals have criticised Ivanka Trump for doing too little to temper the president’s conservative agenda. She has seized on a set of typically progressive issues, notably family leave and child care, leading many to assume she did not share her father’s nationalistic politics. Since he took office, she has staged several events relating to women and workforce development, but avoided all public comment on her father’s travel ban, border wall, proposed budget cuts or the rollback in climate-change regulations.
“For every woman who held out hope that maybe Trump isn’t going to be so bad, or that she’d be able to curtail the worst of his impulses, it hasn’t happened,” said novelist Jennifer Weiner.
That view was captured in a “Saturday Night Live” send-up that featured her in an advertisement for a perfume called “Complicit”. A voiceover called it “the fragrance for the woman who can stop all this ... but won’t.”
Ivanka Trump’s defenders argue that the first daughter is being held to an unfairly high standard. Carrie Lukas, managing director of the conservative Independent Women’s Network, said “a lot of this criticism of her overlooks that she is a pretty accomplished woman in her own right”.
The Associated Press contributed to this report



ARTICLE
Donald Trump has indicated he is willing to delay his demand for funding of his Mexican border wall to avoid a shutdown of the federal government.
 Trump, in a private meeting with conservative media outlets, said he might wait until Republicans begin drafting the budget blueprint for the fiscal year that starts on 1 October to seek government funds for building a wall along the US-Mexico border, the White House confirmed.
The border wall spending is fiercely opposed by Democrats and also unpopular with many Republicans.
 Trump, whose approval ratings have steadily declined since he took office, is facing a deadline on Friday for Congress to pass the spending bill funding the government through to September or risk marking his 100th day in office on Saturday with a government shutdown.
The Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer, who has a key role providing Democratic votes to pass the legislation, welcomed Trump’s reported shift on the wall.
“It’s good for the country that President Trump is taking the wall off the table in these negotiations,” Schumer said late on Monday. 
 “Now the bipartisan and bicameral negotiators can continue working on the outstanding issues.”
The House minority leader, Nancy Pelosi, said: “The president’s comments this evening are welcome news given the bipartisan opposition to the wall, and the obstacle it has been to the continuing bipartisan negotiations in the appropriations committees.”
 Although Republicans control both chambers of Congress, a funding bill will need 60 votes to clear the 100-member Senate, where Republicans hold 52 seats, meaning at least some Democrats will have to get behind it.
 If no spending measure covering 29 April to 30 September is in place by midnight on Saturday, government funds will halt and hundreds of thousands of the country’s several million federal employees will be temporarily laid off.
 Those in jobs deemed essential such as law enforcement are expected to keep working in the hope they will receive back pay. Non-essential sectors such as national parks are liable to be closed and programs such as federally funded medical research will grind to a halt.
 Failure to approve a government funding bill could also throw new doubts over Republicans’ ability to fashion a budget blueprint for the next fiscal year or to succeed in a major effort to cut corporate and individual taxes that Trump has touted.
Trump’s border wall was a central campaign pledge that he still insists Mexico will pay for in the end, though Democrats and even most Republicans doubt that will ever come to pass.
Cost estimates range beyond $20bn and the White House had been seeking $1.4bn as a down payment in the spending bill.
Congressional leaders will likely have to decide by late on Tuesday whether negotiations are progressing enough to try to pass a spending bill funding the government through September, Senator Roy Blunt, a member of the Republican leadership and Senate Appropriations Committee, told reporters on Monday.
 If negotiations have slowed or stalled Congress could pursue a short-term extension of existing spending levels to avoid a government shutdown, giving lawmakers more time to reach a deal. Leading Democrats have said they would support such a measure only if talks are progressing.
Trump has argued that a wall along the US-Mexico border is needed to stem the flow of illegal immigrants and drugs into the United States. In a Twitter message on Monday, Trump wrote: “If... the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!”
 Earlier on Monday, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump’s demand that Congress include funds for the construction of the wall remained a White House priority.
 “The president has made very clear that he’s got two priorities in this continuing resolution: number one, the increase in funding for the military and number two, for our homeland security and the wall,” Spicer told reporters.
 The White House was confident in the direction of the talks and an announcement was expected soon, Spicer said, although he declined to say specifically whether Trump would sign a bill that did not contain money for border security and the wall.
 Trump has said Mexico will repay the United States for the wall if Congress funds it first. But the Mexican government is adamant it will not provide any financing and Trump has not laid out a plan to compel it to pay. Department of Homeland Security internal estimates have placed the total cost of a border barrier at about $21.6bn.
 
Reuters and Associated Press contributed to this report



ARTICLE
Attorney general Jeff Sessions will recuse himself from investigations into Russian interference in the 2016 election, after revelations that he held two undisclosed meetings with the Russian ambassador last year.
Sessions took the decision despite support from Donald Trump, who described the controversy as “a total witch hunt”.
Amid mounting calls for his resignation, Sessions told a press conference on Thursday that he decided not to participate in any investigations “related in any way to the campaign for president of the United States” after meeting with senior department officials. 
Sessions insisted that he had not misled senators during his confirmation hearing and claimed it was “totally false” to suggest he had met with “Russian operatives” to discuss Trump’s election campaign.
“I have now decided to recuse myself,” he said, adding: “I should not be involved in investigating a campaign I had a role in.”
Sessions has faced growing pressure from both Republicans and Democrats amid claims that he “lied under oath” after about twice speaking with Sergey Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the United States, during the presidential campaign, in apparent contradiction to his testimony to Congress.
The conversations occurred as Russia was allegedly meddling in the US election to undermine faith in the American electoral process and help elect Trump. Sessions was the first senator to endorse Trump and a vocal surrogate for the president when he was a candidate.
Earlier on Thursday, Trump, while touring the aircraft carrier USS Gerald R Ford in Newport News, Virginia, said that he had “total” confidence in Sessions and that his attorney general should not recuse himself.
In a statement released in the evening, followed by a series of tweets with a nearly identical statement, the president called Sessions “an honest man”, adding: “He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not intentional.
“The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total witch hunt!”
Democrats have continued to demand Sessions’s resignation. “Recusal is not good enough,” said Tom Perez, chair of the Democratic National Committee. “Attorney General Jeff Sessions must resign now, and a special prosecutor must be appointed immediately.”
Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic House minority leader, also demanded Sessions leave his post, saying his “narrow recusal and his sorry attempt to explain away his perjury are totally inadequate. He is clearly trying to maintain his ability to control the larger investigation into the sprawling personal, political and financial grip Russia has on the Trump administration.”
Some Republicans were also beginning to break ranks.
“Great decision by Attorney General Jeff Sessions to recuse himself from any potential investigation involving 2016 campaign,” Senator Lindsey Graham, a Republican, said on Twitter after the press conference. “It’s the best decision for the country and DOJ. I have full confidence in Jeff Sessions serving as Attorney General.” 
Earlier on Thursday, the House speaker, Paul Ryan, had resisted calls from within his own Republican party and said he did not see “any purpose or reason” for Sessions to recuse himself from an investigation unless the attorney general became the subject of the inquiry.
Russia’s top diplomat described the uproar as a replay of McCarthyism. 
Contacts with officials and politicians are part of any ambassador’s duties, foreign minister Sergei Lavrov said. The pressure on Sessions, he added, “strongly resembles a witch hunt or the times of McCarthyism, which we thought were long over in the United States as a civilised country”.
Sessions has now confirmed he met with the Russian ambassador on two occasions. The first time was at the Republican national convention in July, when Trump formally accepted the party’s nomination. There Sessions delivered a speech at an event for ambassadors sponsored by the Heritage Foundation. 
The second occasion was in the senator’s office on 8 September, exactly two months before the presidential election and amid accusations of a Russian cyber-attack. Sessions said Kislyak had requested the meeting and the senator’s staff made the arrangements. Sessions said they discussed his first trip to Russia in 1993, their religious convictions, terrorism and Ukraine, but said he did not recall “any specific political discussions”.
At Sessions’s judiciary committee hearing on 10 January, he was asked by the Minnesota Democratic senator Al Franken what he would do if it were discovered that an official associated with the Trump campaign had communicated with the Russian government in the course of the 2016 election cycle.
“I’m not aware of any of those activities,” Sessions replied. “I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I did not have communications with the Russians.”
On Thursday, Franken called that remark “at best, extremely misleading” and said Sessions should clarify his remarks under oath to the judiciary committee.
During the press conference, Sessions said he was “taken aback” by Franken’s line of questioning. “In retrospect, I should have slowed down and said, but I did meet one Russian official a couple of times, that would be the Russian ambassador.”
The FBI is conducting an investigation into Russia’s interference in the US election, and any alleged links between associates of Trump and the Russian government. The House and Senate intelligence committees are each conducting separate inquiries into the matter.
Recusals for attorney generals over conflicts of interest with FBI investigations have long precedents. In 2013, Barack Obama’s attorney general, Eric Holder, recused himself from an FBI investigation into leaks, after he himself was interviewed for it the previous year. George W Bush’s attorney general, Michael Mukasey, recused himself from a 2008 investigation into crooked financier Bernie Madoff because his son represented a Madoff associate.
The House intelligence committee chairman, Devin Nunes, a Republican from California, said there was no reason yet for Sessions to step aside as attorney general. But speaking alongside Nunes, Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the committee, said the FBI had not divulged crucial pieces of information about its inquiry.
“I would say at this point we know less than a fraction of what the FBI knows,” Schiff told reporters after a committee briefing with the FBI director, James Comey.
“I appreciate [that] we had had a long briefing and testimony from the director today, but in order for us to do our investigation in a thorough and credible way, we’re going to need the FBI to fully cooperate, to be willing to tell us the length and breadth of any counterintelligence investigations they are conducting,” he continued. “At this point, the director was not willing to do that.”
Activists protested outside the justice department on Thursday afternoon, chanting “lock him up”, a twist on the chants that rang out at Trump rallies across the country during the campaign about his opponent, Hillary Clinton.



ARTICLE
The FBI is investigating political activists campaigning against the Dakota Access pipeline, diverting agents charged with preventing terrorist attacks to instead focus their attention on indigenous activists and environmentalists.
The Guardian has established that multiple officers within the FBI’s joint terrorism taskforce have attempted to contact at least three people tied to the Standing Rock “water protector” movement in North Dakota.
The purpose of the officers’ inquiries into Standing Rock, and scope of the task force’s work, remains unknown. Agency officials declined to comment. But the fact that the officers have even tried to communicate with activists is alarming to free-speech experts who argue that anti-terrorism agents have no business scrutinizing protesters. 
“The idea that the government would attempt to construe this indigenous-led non-violent movement into some kind of domestic terrorism investigation is unfathomable to me,” said Lauren Regan, a civil rights attorney who has provided legal support to demonstrators who were contacted by representatives of the FBI. “It’s outrageous, it’s unwarranted … and it’s unconstitutional.”
Regan, who has regularly visited Standing Rock and is the executive director of the Civil Liberties Defense Center in Oregon, said she learned of three cases in which officers with the taskforce, known as the JTTF, tried to talk to activists in person. She described the encounters as attempted “knocks and talks”, meaning law enforcement showed up at people’s doors without a subpoena or warrant and tried to get them to voluntarily cooperate with an interview. 
The three individuals, who include a Native American and a non-indigenous activist, asserted their fifth amendment rights and did not respond to the officers, according to Regan, who declined to identify them to protect their privacy and out of fear of retribution. 
Two of them were contacted in North Dakota and a third at their home outside the state, according to Regan. She said all three contacts were made in recent weeks after Trump’s inauguration. 
Trump, a former investor in Energy Transfer Partners, the Texas-based firm behind the pipeline, took executive action in his first week in office to expedite the project. On Wednesday, workers began drilling to complete the pipeline across the Missouri river.
The JTTF revelation comes at a time when there have been increasing concerns at Standing Rock about law enforcement surveillance, police violence and the targeted arrests and prosecutions of activists. 
Since the summer, law enforcement officials have made roughly 700 arrests, in some cases leading to serious felony charges and possibly lengthy state prison sentences. Following recent indictments, at least six activists are now facing charges in federal court. Rumors about JTTF have caused further stress among the activists.
Regan said she was able to confirm the identity of one of the JTTF officers, Andrew Creed, who attempted to contact an activist. Reached by phone, he declined to comment to the Guardian, saying, “I can’t talk to you” before hanging up. 
An FBI spokesman, Jeffrey Van Nest, also declined to answer any questions, saying: “We’re not in a position to provide a comment as to the existence of an investigation.” 
In November, a JTTF officer also showed up to the hospital room of Sophia Wilansky, a 21-year-old who was seriously injured during a standoff with law enforcement at Standing Rock, according to her father, Wayne Wilansky. The FBI took her clothes and still have not returned them, he said in an interview this week. 
Wayne said he suspected that the FBI brought a terrorism agent given that local police had alleged that activists set off an explosion that caused his daughter’s injuries. Witnesses have said they believe she was hit by a police concussion grenade. 
The timing of the FBI hospital visit in Minneapolis was upsetting, he added. “It was especially disturbing, because Sophia’s blood pressure was going up. She was about to be wheeled into surgery.” 
Police have repeatedly painted the anti-pipeline movement as dangerous, which is why JTTF may be involved, Regan said. 
“From the very beginning, local law enforcement has attempted to justify its militarized presence … by making false allegations that somehow these water protectors were violent.” 
The attorney said it also seemed likely that JTTF may have contacted other water protectors and said she worried they may not have realized their best option is to remain silent and contact a lawyer. 
This is not the first time the JTTF has been tied to an investigation of civil rights protesters. Records from Minnesota suggested that the taskforce monitored a Black Lives Matter demonstration.
For indigenous leaders who have vowed to continue fighting the pipeline on the ground, the FBI investigations and ongoing federal prosecutions have become increasingly worrisome. It’s particularly troubling to some given the US government’s history of aggressively targeting Native American protesters and turning them into political prisoners. 
“This is history repeating itself,” said LaDonna Brave Bull Allard, who founded the first camp opposing the pipeline. “I keep on thinking, how we did come to this point? … When did Americans lose their rights? When did America stop following the law?” 
Brandy-Lee Maxie, a 34-year-old Nakota tribe member from Canada, said it’s difficult not to worry about possible prosecution. But the cause, she said, is too important to give up: “I’m staying here. Whatever happens to those who stay happens. We’ve just gotta keep praying.” 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump is not the first politician to bask in the reflected glory of a winning sports team. But as ever with the 45th president, it’s complicated.
Trump welcomed an American football team, the New England Patriots, to the White House on Wednesday, declaring: “No team has been this good for this long.” Inevitable comparisons were made between his shock election victory and the Patriots’ come-from-behind win in this year’s Super Bowl.
Yet the star quarterback Tom Brady was a no-show, lending the occasion a Hamlet-without-the-prince air. Brady cited a “personal family matter” and posted a photo of his parents on Instagram, wishing them a happy anniversary.
Trump has often described Brady as a friend, and one of his campaign’s “Make America Great Again” hats was spotted in the player’s locker in 2015, though Brady never explicitly endorsed him. Trump mentioned several players by name but did not cite Brady during a 19-minute reception.
Numerous other team members stayed away, some for overt political reasons. Defensive back Devin McCourty, for example, had told Time magazine: “I don’t feel accepted in the White House. With the president having so many strong opinions and prejudices I believe certain people might feel accepted there while others won’t.”
The boycott illustrated the difficulties facing Trump as he takes on a less scrutinised aspect of the presidency, that of a social host; on Monday he and his wife, Melania, welcomed thousands of people to the annual Easter egg roll. His personality and policies are so incendiary that it is hard to imagine writers or Hollywood actors flocking to the White House as they did under Barack Obama.
That said, with sport, Trump is on surer footing. During the election he was endorsed by the head of Nascar and the retired basketball coach Bob Knight. The Patriots’ owner, Bob Kraft, was one of at least seven NFL team owners who gave $1m each to Trump’s inaugural committee, according to the Associated Press. Trump has spent a decent chunk of his presidency on the golf course.
Speaking on the South Lawn on a grey day, with Patriots players standing behind him in suits and ties, Trump recalled how the team rallied from 25 points down to defeat the Atlanta Falcons in February. It was their fifth Super Bowl title since 2002.
“With your backs against the wall, and the pundits – good old pundits; boy, they’re wrong a lot, aren’t they – saying you couldn’t do it, the game was over, you pulled off the greatest Super Bowl comeback of all time, one of the greatest comebacks of all time – but the greatest Super Bowl comeback of all time,” he said. “And that was just special. I think I looked at odds and they gave you less than one half of 1% of winning the game.”
Trump said Kraft, an old friend, and the longtime coach Bill Belichick had “built a culture dedicated to winning”. He added: “Whether you’re trying to win a Super Bowl or rebuild our country, as coach Belichick would say, there are no days off.”
As so often at public events, Trump made reference to his own election battle and told how Belichick had sent him a “beautiful letter” congratulating him on his success in the Republican primaries. Trump called Belichick, he recalled, to ask if he could read out the letter at a stadium rally. Belichick said no, he would give the candidate a new one.
“Now, immediately to me, that means he’s going to tone it down because what he said was so nice. And you know what he did? He toned it way up. It was much better. It was much better. He made that the greatest letter, and I did very well in that state. Thank you, coach. That was very good.
“So the Patriot coaches and these great players have delivered iconic American sports moments that will last forever. We’re going to watch that game over and over and over. That game will last forever.”
Kraft then came to the lectern with Trump standing directly behind him. The Patriots owner said: “A very good friend of mine for over 25 years, a man who is as mentally tough and hard-working as anybody I know, launched a campaign for the presidency against 16 career politicians, facing odds almost as long as we faced in the fourth quarter.”
Kraft turned to look at Trump, who smiled. “He persevered to become the 45th president of the United States.”
There was polite applause. Kraft added: “It’s a distinct honour for us to celebrate what was unequivocally our sweetest championship with a very good friend and somebody whose mental toughness and strength I greatly admire.”
He then presented the commander-in-chief with a Patriots jersey that said “Trump 45”. The president held it and grinned.
It is not the first such event that Brady has missed. He was also absent at the White House in 2015, making reference to a “family commitment”. There was speculation he declined because of comments an Obama spokesman had made about the so-called “deflategate” scandal.
Earlier, the Patriots player Rob Gronkowski paid a surprise visit to the West Wing briefing room during the televised press conference. The tight end jokingly asked the press secretary, Sean Spicer, if he needed help. Looking startled for a moment, Spicer, a Patriots fan, replied: “I think I got this. But thank you.”
The Patriots’ visit to the White House coincided with the news that Aaron Hernandez, the team’s former star tight end, had been found dead in his prison cell. Hernandez, who played for the Patriots from 2010 to 2012, was serving a life sentence for a murder conviction. The 27-year-old was recently acquitted in a second murder case.



ARTICLE
On Saturday morning, without presenting evidence, Donald Trump accused former president Barack Obama of illegal wiretapping. Using Twitter, the president also mounted a defense of his attorney general, Jeff Sessions, and his meetings with the Russian ambassador. 
The six tweets appeared to originate with rumors circulating in rightwing media, especially talk radio and Breitbart News – recently run by Steve Bannon, now the president’s chief strategist – about a “silent coup” against Trump, by members of the Obama administration.
Sessions met Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak in July 2016, at an event on the sidelines of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland. The event was co-hosted by the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank, and Global Cleveland, in coordination with the RNC and the Department of State.
The state department has invited ambassadors to both party conventions for decades, as an educational program. Several dozen ambassadors from around the world attended the Republican convention this year, according to the Cleveland Plain Dealer.
According to a justice department official speaking anonymously to the Washington Post when it first reported the story, the meeting was casual: Kislyak and other ambassadors approached Sessions after he finished giving a speech. Sessions then spoke with Kislyak alone, the official said, citing a former staffer for the senator. To say the meeting was “set up by the Obama administration” is false.
Nor was the second meeting, held on 8 September in Sessions’ office, arranged by the state department. Justice department officials have said Sessions met Kislyak given the senator’s role on the armed services committee, but 20 of 26 members of that panel have said they did not meet with the ambassador in 2016.
Where did the claim come from? On Friday, Breitbart News published an article claiming that the state department “sponsored” the July meeting.
Presidents cannot legally order a wire tap operation unilaterally: federal agents and attorneys would have had to convince a federal judge either of probable cause of a serious crime or that the target of the tap was the agent of a foreign power. 
However, the former British MP Louise Mensch reported in November that the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (Fisa) court had granted the FBI a surveillance warrant of “US persons” to investigate possible contacts between Russian banks and Trump’s associates. In January, the BBC reported that the Fisa court had issued its warrant in October.
Also in January, the Guardian reported that the Fisa court had turned down an initial request for a warrant, and that the judge had asked investigators to narrow the terms of their search.
On Saturday, Obama denied through a spokesman that he or the White House had any role ordering a wire tap. 
“A cardinal rule of the Obama administration was that no White House official ever interfered with an independent investigation led by the Department of Justice,” said spokesman Kevin Lewis. “As part of that practice neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any US citizen. Any suggestion otherwise is simply false.”
The spokesperson did not deny that intelligence officials had requested or employed surveillance of Trump associates. 
Though leaks from the intelligence community have shown that Trump associates, including former campaign chief Paul Manafort, former adviser Carter Page and former national security adviser Michael Flynn, are included in an investigation into Kremlin activities, it remains unclear what direct evidence of wrongdoing, if any, the agencies have gathered. 
It is not unusual for high-level campaign officials to meet ambassadors, but those meetings are typically with representatives of US allies, like Britain and France, and not with those of rivals such as Russia. So far, denials have proven more damning to Trump officials than the content of their conversations: Flynn was caught having misled the vice-president about his contacts with Kislyak and Sessions testified under oath that he “did not have communications with the Russians” during the campaign.
Only ambassadors from nations with the most acrimonious relations with the US – or no relations at all – do not visit the White House. Even the cold war did not deter Russian ambassadors from visiting it; Cuba sent its first ambassador in decades in 2015.
 This information is not “just out” – over its eight years the Obama White House reported most of its visitors to the public, a practice so far discontinued by the Trump White House. On Friday, Breitbart reported that Kislyak visited the White House 22 times in seven years, citing a Dally Caller story that used the old logs.
It would not be legal for a sitting president to unilaterally order surveillance; a federal court would have to approve the surveillance. Trump seems to acknowledge this in an oblique way, with an allusion to the report that the Fisa court at first turned down an initial request for a warrant.
Though Trump claimed he “just found out” about reported surveillance, he is privy to intelligence briefings in which officials would have informed him about such operations. Both Obama and Trump received these briefings during the transition, for instance, reportedly, about an unsubstantiated dossier regarding links between Trump’s campaign and Russian officials. 
Trump presents baseless rumor as fact here, saying Obama “was tapping my phones in October” without providing any evidence of the former president’s agency in the investigation or of the surveillance itself. The Obama administration did not formally accuse Russia of interfering in the election until early October 2016. 
Again, Trump presents a claim without evidence, this time as condemnation. As he earlier compared the overall Russia investigation to “McCarthyism” – the 1950s anti-communist crusade by Senator Joe McCarthy, who often resorted to baseless claims – Trump now invokes the Watergate scandal, in which President Richard Nixon’s White House spied on his political opponents. 
Unlike that scandal, however, which involved illegal break-ins, intimidation and surveillance by people with links to the White House, the current investigations are being handled by federal courts and intelligence agencies that fall under the authority of the attorney general. On Thursday, Sessions recused himself.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump attempted to put up a united front with key ally Theresa May on Friday but stopped short of endorsing her commitment to continued sanctions on Russia.
At his first press conference with a foreign leader, the US president reaffirmed the “special relationship” with Britain, praised Brexit as a “wonderful thing” and indicated his support for the Nato military alliance.
But ahead of a phone conversation with the Russian leader, Vladimir Putin, due to take place on Saturday, Trump and May appeared at odds on whether sanctions must remain in place until Russia fulfils its obligations under the Minsk agreement.
“Well, I hear a call was set up and we’ll see what happens,” Trump told reporters during a brisk 18-minute press conference at the White House with the British prime minister. “As far as the sanctions, very early to be talking about that, but we look to have a great relationship with all countries, ideally. That won’t necessarily happen.
“Unfortunately, it probably won’t happen with many countries … But if we can have a great relationship with Russia, and China, and all countries, I’m all for that, that would be a tremendous asset. No guarantees, but if we can, that would be a positive, not a negative.”
Trump has said in the past that he is prepared to review the sanctions that Washington imposed on Russia in response to its 2014 annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea peninsula.
May, by contrast, told the press conference she believes that sanctions against Russia should remain in place. “We believe the sanctions should continue until we see that Minsk agreement full implemented and we’ve been continuing to argue that inside the European Union.”
The Minsk accords were signed in 2014 and 2015 to guide a peace process in eastern Ukraine but have failed to bring about a ceasefire. They stipulate that Ukraine must hold elections in the Donbas region while Russia must guarantee Ukraine’s control of its eastern border and allow international monitors full access to occupied territories.
Trump’s business interests in Russia, and his repeated praise for Putin, have drawn widespread scrutiny. House and Senate intelligence committees are to investigate alleged ties between Moscow and the Trump election campaign.
The issue of sanctions was just one where Trump – who made reference to his Scottish mother – and May studiously avoided overt disagreement. The leaders held hands briefly as they walked from the Oval Office to the East Room of the White House, but their differences, both political and personal, were also inescapably on display.
Asked after their first meeting what they had in common, May could only muster the she and Trump would champion “ordinary working people”. It was a more generic answer than George W Bush’s observation in 2001 that he and Tony Blair both used Colgate toothpaste.
Whereas May, a seasoned politician, is accustomed to the rough and tumble of the British media, Trump was clearly taken aback. The prime minister chose the BBC political editor, Laura Kuenssberg, for a question, which ran through Trump’s “alarming beliefs” on torture, Russia, Muslims and abortion.
Pointing to Kuenssberg and turning to May, the president pulled a face, smiled and said: “This was your choice of a question? There goes that relationship.” 
May acknowledged there would be points of disagreement but insisted there were many issues on which the countries agreed and could build an “even stronger” special relationship.
Trump muttered “very good” about that answer. On the use of torture, he stuck to his firm opinion that it was an effective method of gaining intelligence. He said he would allow his defense secretary, James Mattis, to “override” him, adding: “But I do disagree.”
He went on: “As far as Putin and Russia, I don’t say good, bad or indifferent – I don’t know the gentleman. I hope we have a fantastic relationship. That’s possible, and it’s also possible that we won’t. We will see what happens.”
He added: “I will be representing the American people very, very strongly, very forcefully and, if we have a great relationship with Russia and other countries, and if we go after Isis together – that’s an evil that has be stopped – I will consider that a good thing, not a bad thing.”
But May appeared to try to box Trump in on some points. She said the president had reaffirmed both countries’ “unshakable commitment” to the Nato military alliance, and suddenly turned to him and said: “Mr President, I think you confirmed that you’re 100% behind Nato.”
Trump mouthed silently: “True.”
Although she gave more policy specifics than the businessman who had no previous political experience, Trump was keen to assert himself as host. After May’s opening remarks, he complimented her: “Very nicely stated.”
When a journalist asked both leaders a question about US-Mexico relations, the president said: “I think the prime minister, first of all, has other things that she’s much more worried about than the Mexico-United States relationship.”
Trump said he had had a friendly phone call with Mexico’s President Enrique Peña Nieto on Friday but insisted that he would renegotiate trade deals and other aspects of the countries’ ties because Mexico has “beat us to a pulp” in the past. 
Peña Nieto scrapped a planned meeting in Washington next week over Trump’s insistence that Mexico pay for a multibillion-dollar border wall. “It was a very, very friendly call,” Trump said. “We are going to be working on a fair relationship and a new relationship.
“But the United States cannot continue to lose vast amounts of business, vast amounts of companies and millions and millions of people losing their jobs. That won’t happen with me.” 
There were mutual compliments too. May said she was delighted that Trump had accepted an invitation from the Queen to pay a state visit to Britain later this year. And the president commented: “I think Brexit is going to be a wonderful thing for your country.”



ARTICLE
At 7.44pm ET Brian Fallon, former press secretary to Hillary Clinton, tweeted breathlessly: “The holy grail.” 
Ninety-eight minutes and a somewhat anticlimactic Rachel Maddow Show later, Fallon tweeted again: “Dems should return focus to Trumpcare tomorrow & the millions it will leave uninsured, not get distracted by two pages from ’05 tax return.”
It was neither the holy grail, nor the smoking gun, nor the long-awaited release of all Trump’s tax returns with all their potential Russian secrets. Instead it was two pages, broadcast on Maddow’s programme on MSNBC, showing that in 2005 Trump earned $150m and paid $38m ($5.3m in regular federal income tax and $31m in the “alternative minimum tax”, which he has said should be scrapped).
The White House got in its retaliation early, in fact even before the programme went on air. “You know you are desperate for ratings when you are willing to violate the law to push a story about two pages of tax returns from over a decade ago,” it said in a statement emailed to journalists with unusual zeal and which also repeated the Trump trope of “the dishonest media”.
Rather than being a clarifying moment, it was yet again a small piece of a much larger jigsaw, raising more questions and fuelling further intrigue. Who sent the documents and why? They turned up in the mailbox of David Cay Johnston, a tax expert and author of a book on Trump, without explanation.
Appearing on Maddow’s show, Johnston quickly floated the possibility that the tax returns might have been leaked by Trump himself. If this theory is true, 2005 would have been a sensible year from which to flaunt his wealth: his reality TV hit The Apprentice had launched in 2004. And on cue, Trump’s son Donald Jr tweeted at 10.08pm: “Thank you Rachel Maddow for proving to your #Trump hating followers how successful @realDonaldTrump is & that he paid $40mm in taxes! #Taxes”.
It would be a classic Trump tactic to deflect attention from his troubles with wire-tapping claims and replacing the healthcare law, also known as Obamacare. But it would also be a risky one, driving attention back to the issue of why he is the first president in 40 years to refuse to release his tax returns. This is the man who, when in the first presidential debate Clinton suggested he doesn’t pay federal income taxes, interjected: “That makes me smart.”
Trump claims he cannot release his taxes while he is under audit. Yet he did so on Tuesday night in the White House’s pre-emptive statement. Zac Petkanas, a senior adviser to the Democratic National Committee, said: “The White House’s willingness to release some tax information when it suits them proves Donald Trump’s audit excuse is a sham. If they can release some of the information, they can release all of the information.
“The only reason not to release his returns is to hide what’s in them such as financial connections with Russian oligarchs and the Kremlin.”
The limited leak also shines a light on how Trump – and the rich in general – play the tax system to their advantage (“that makes them smart”). Johnston noted that in the 2005 return he continued to benefit from the roughly $916m loss he reported in his 1995 return, published last year by the New York Times. “Using a loophole Congress closed in 1996, Trump converted that loss into a tax credit for the same amount he could offset against income,” Johnston wrote.
Trump’s supporters gleefully seized on the hype as a non-story. The holy grail, however, is still out there somewhere.



ARTICLE
Four members of Congress dodged hundreds of their own constituents who attempted to hold an impromptu town hall with them on Monday afternoon.
The Republican lawmakers – Lloyd Smucker, Pat Meehan, Charlie Dent and Ryan Costello – had all avoided holding in-person town halls during the recent congressional recess, dubbed “Resistance recess” because of the number of angry constituents who confronted their representatives during the week.
A group of activists intent on confronting them any way they could staged a spontaneous town hall at the site of a local chamber of commerce event.
Keystone Progress, a Pennsylvania-based progressive group, had reserved a meeting room in the same Reading, Pennsylvania, hotel where the congressmen were attending their meeting.
The plan was to have voters approach the politicians as they left that meeting, and ask them to attend a town hall just 100ft down the corridor.
But the scheme failed as the four congressmen left without interacting with voters – a staff member for congressman Ryan Costello expressing concern that people filming the event might use the footage to show Costello doing “funny faces”.
About 150 activists had gathered outside the Double Tree hotel in Readingat around 2.30pm. 
Activists, including one wearing a very large papier mache Donald Trump head, chanted “Do your job” as the 3pm start time of the chamber of commerce meeting approached. Some had signs referencing Trump’s healthcare and immigration plans, but most of the signage requested that the congressmen hold town hall events with voters.
Costello did at least walk out to meet voters on Monday, shaking hands and speaking briefly, although his effort was not entirely appreciated.
“He went: ‘How are you doing?’,” said Thea Seamless, who lives in Coatesville – an area represented by Costello.
“I said: “Oh, you do exist.”
At 4pm activists began filing into the Double Tree hotel, to the “Maple” ballroom that had been reserved by Michael Morrill, the executive director of Keystone Progress. The room had been set up for a town hall meeting, with name cards for each of the four congressmen set out on stage.
The plan to approach the congressmen had been kept secret even from some activists, in an effort to retain the element of surprise.
“Our two goals are either to have a town hall meeting, or embarrass the members of Congress,” Morrill told the group.
“Tell them we’re not going to do any yelling or screaming. [Tell them]: ‘If you come in we will listen to you.’”
Katey Dyck, 36, had been selected to approach Meehan, who represents her town of Fort Washington, about 10 miles north of Philadelphia.
“I brought my little congressman bait,” Dyck said, referring to her two children Natalie, nine, and Gabriel, seven.
Just before 5pm Dyck and her bait took up position outside the chamber of commerce meeting. She said she was not nervous about approaching Meehan.
“This is my representative, he works for us. I’m not concerned about speaking to someone who works for me. Or doesn’t work for me, as the case may be.”
As it turns out Dyck, who works with the Philadelphia branch of Moms Demand Action – a gun reform group – had nothing to be concerned about anyway; at 5pm the hotel manager told her Meehan had already left.
“Oh bummer,” Dyck said. She had wanted to ask Meehan about gun control, specifically the potential abolition of gun-free zones – a goal of the influential National Rifle Association. 
A little further down the corridor Bernie Hines Corbit, who lives in Exeter and is represented by Costello, was having more luck. Kori Walter, district director for Costello, had come out of the chamber of commerce meeting to talk to her.
Walter seemed receptive to the town hall meeting, as long as no one filmed the event.
“It’s not the constituents that are the issue. It’s other folks who are here with cameras and use that footage for other purposes other than having a discussion,” he said.
“People don’t record what he’s saying accurately and quite honestly they use it for, you know, people close their eyes and do funny faces.”
Walter said he would discuss the town hall with Costello and went back into the room where the chamber of commerce meeting was taking place, prompting Hines Corbit to describe the development as “a win”.
But Walter never came back, and 10 minutes later the hotel manager announced that everyone had left the meeting.
Later a spokesman for Costello told the Guardian in a statement that the congressman had “offered to meet with the protesters but they declined. They do not wish to have an open and honest dialog. Their goal is to cause a scene and get it on camera.” 
Dent and Meehan did not immediately respond to messages requesting comment. Smucker’s voicemail was full.
After the disappointment, Dyck and Hines Corbit headed to the Maple ballroom to recount their experiences. Their retelling elicited boos from the activist crowd, but Morrill was sanguine.
“We knew they weren’t going to come,” he said. 
“But I’m proud of the way people handled things. I’m proud of the turnout. And this will mobilize people.”



ARTICLE
The US has temporarily suspended the fast-track processing of H-1B visas, leaving many foreign workers in limbo.
H-1B visas allow skilled workers to come to the US temporarily. They are in high demand, particularly in Silicon Valley and the medical sector, and are allocated by lottery. It can take more than six months for an application to be reviewed. Premium processing allows applicants to pay an extra fee ($1,225) to ensure a response within 15 days.
The US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) announced on Friday that it was putting that facility on hold from 3 April 2017, justifying the move as a means to clear a backlog in processing of H-1B visas. However, some fear the suspension – which USCIS said could last up to six months – is a first step towards the Trump administration clamping down on this type of immigration.
“Is this something related to the current administration? We don’t know,” said Avinash Conda, a senior manager Shutterfly based in Redwood City, California. “But the entire mood seems to be slowly moving towards an anti-immigration tone whether it’s the Muslim ban or this.”
“I don’t think [USCIS] would voluntarily take such a massive budget hit,” added Boston-based immigration attorney Matt Cameron. “USCIS is almost exclusively funded by application fees so they are giving up hundreds of millions of dollars.”
The H-1B visa program currently admits 85,000 immigrants each year. Technology companies have been lobbying to extend the program to allow for more foreign immigration, of which Donald Trump has been a vocal opponent. In the run-up to his election, Trump criticized Facebook’s CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, for pushing for more specialist H-1B visas, arguing it was a threat to jobs for American women and minorities. Meanwhile documents obtained by numerous news outlets have offered vague suggestions that White House reforms may seek to prioritize American workers and restrict outsourcing companies that have dominated the program.
“Whatever you think of H-1 policy and the way it’s being used, it’s unfair to have a sneak attack on the whole system,” said Cameron. “A lot of massive companies rely upon [premium processing] every year for their hiring and budgeting schedules.”
For those part-way through the recruitment process, the announcement comes as a major blow. Recruiter Amy Caruso from Grit Matters said that it is having “an extreme impact not only for candidates but also my income”.
She told the Guardian she has two candidates for jobs who can no longer proceed as a result of the decision. “I’ll need to cover the legal fees, and the attorneys will only be paid for the work they have completed prior to the suspension thereby affecting their incomes as well,” she said.
It’s not just new recruits who will be affected, but those seeking to extend their H-1B visas (something required every three years) or those switching from one employer to another. 
“Most of the big companies file with premium processing,” said Conda. Without the fast-track processing, employees will have to wait six to eight months and they cannot travel during that time. 
“Switching jobs becomes almost impossible for a lot of people,” he added.
He did not believe that the measure would have the intended result of cutting down average processing times, because the fast-track option brings the average down. 
One country that will be disproportionately affected by the decision is India, home of many of the skilled immigrants who come to the US on H-1B visas. It is common for Indian IT companies to send workers to the US at short notice to work on projects. According to local news reports, the suspension of fast-track processing will likely hit domestic software exporters hard.
The news comes at the same time as Donald Trump signed a revised executive order to reinstate a ban on immigration from certain Muslim-majority countries. 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s approach to the presidency has meant people and legislation have been threatened in a variety of ways.
But on issues from immigration to climate to transgender rights, activists and organizations have been there to rally against Trump.
Here’s a summary of how some of those protests have unfolded, and of the groups and people involved.
Trump signed an executive order suspending immigration from seven predominantly Muslim countries on 27 January. Within a week, dozens of lawsuits had been filed against the order, and it had been suspended. Trump issued a new executive order on 6 March. The state of Hawaii launched a legal challenge to the ban on 8 March, which will be heard in court on 15 March.
A number of organisations were involved in legal actions. The Council on American-Islamic Relations filed a constitutional challenge to the order, charging that the policy “overtly discriminates against Muslims”.
The American Immigration Council, the Northwest Immigrant Rights Project and the National Immigration Project of the National Lawyers Guild teamed up to file a nationwide class action lawsuit in Washington.
The American Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit along with the International Refugee Assistance Project at the Urban Justice Center, the National Immigration Law Center and others. One of the lead plaintiffs was Hameed Darweesh, an Iraqi who had been granted a special immigrant visa after working as a translator for the US in Iraq. Darweesh was detained for 19 hours at JFK airport the day after Trump’s executive order was implemented.
The ACLU won a temporary stay from a federal judge in Brooklyn that same night.
On 3 February a federal judge ordered a temporary halt on the ban, restoring travel for refugees and people from the excluded countries, and on 9 February the ninth circuit court of appeals upheld that ruling.
The protests happened at airports across the US, including NYC, LA, Chicago, Detroit, Indianapolis, Ohio and Orlando.
Activists say many of the actions were organic – people heading to airports after reading that others were demonstrating.
Phoebe Hopps, who helped organise the Michigan version of the 21 January Women’s March on Washington DC, said she helped put together a rally at Detroit metropolitan airport on Sunday 29 January with three other women she had met on Facebook. Thousands attended the demonstration.
The Obama administration had advised public schools that “Title IX” – a federal law prohibiting sexual discrimination in education – covers transgender students. This guidance meant that students could have access to bathrooms and locker rooms that matched their gender identity. 
Trump withdrew this guidance on 22 February, in a move that LGBT rights groups said could lead to discrimination against transgender students.
Juliet Evancho had already filed a lawsuit arguing discrimination in Pennsylvania in September 2016, after being barred from using the women’s bathroom at her school. On 27 February, five days after the Trump administration rescinded protections for transgender students, a federal judge ordered Evancho’s school district to allow her and two other plaintiffs to use bathrooms according to their gender identity.
Evancho’s sister, the former America’s Got Talent contestant Jackie Evancho, performed the national anthem at Trump’s inauguration. Despite this tacit endorsement, Jackie Evancho later implored the president to meet with her and Juliet to discuss transgender rights.
In a separate case, the ACLU had filed a lawsuit in Virginia on behalf of transgender high school student Gavin Grimm, arguing that he should be allowed to use male bathrooms, before Trump was elected. On 6 March the supreme court returned the case to a lower court in Virginia, which will evaluate whether Title XI protects transgender students.
Transpac, an organisation which aims to achieve “full and equal rights for transgender people” was involved in organising rallies at Stonewall, the historic bar in Manhattan’s West Village where a series of LGBT protests took place in 1969.
Gothamist reported that thousands of people attended the demonstrations, which were backed by LGBT media-monitoring group Glaad and Marriage Equality USA, among others. 
In Washington DC Werk for Peace, the TransWoman of Color Collective (TWOCC) and Empowering the Transgender Community (ETC) organised a dance protest outside the White House.
After more than a year of protests against the proposed oil pipeline, the Obama administration ordered construction on the Dakota access pipeline be halted in December.
But within days of Trump’s inauguration the president signed an executive order overturning that decision. He introduced another order to revive the Keystone pipeline, which will carry oil from Canada to the Gulf coast. 
It now seems increasingly likely that the Dakota Access pipeline will carry oil under Lake Oahe, near the Standing Rock indian reservation – possibly as soon as this month. However, the pipeline protests succeeded in bringing together thousands of protesters and inspired many more. 
The Standing Rock and Cheyenne River Sioux tribes filed lawsuits on 14 February  citing the previous commitment to stall the Dakota Access pipeline construction. A federal judge decided against the tribes, allowing work to continue.
Thousands of people, from Native American tribes and environmental groups, had been based at the Oceti Sakowin camp for months, but the camp was finally shut down by national guard and law enforcement officers on 23 February. 
Protesters have vowed to keep fighting the Dakota Access pipeline, and have also pledged to fight the construction of similar oil-carrying pipelines elsewhere. The Billings Gazette, a Montana newspaper, reported that some people who had been at the Oceti Sakowin camp planned to protest against the Sabal Trail pipeline, being built between eastern Alabama and Florida, and the Diamond Pipeline, set to run from Oklahoma to Tennessee.
A stricter stance on immigration and on treatment of undocumented immigrants was a key part of Trump’s manifesto – he launched his campaign by accusing Mexico of sending “drug dealers” and “rapists” to the US.
On 20 February the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) introduced two memos which would enable federal authorities to target any undocumented migrant who has either been convicted of any sort of crime, has simply been accused of a crime, has carried out minor fraud or is, in the assessment of an immigration officer, “a risk to public safety”. 
The Obama administration had made undocumented immigrants found guilty of serious crimes a priority for deportation ahead of other undocumented people. The change under Trump could potentially affect millions of people.
Activist groups had been working in advance of the DHS memos. On 9 February immigration activists, including volunteers from the immigrant advocacy group Puente, blocked gates at the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (Ice) building in Phoenix, Arizona, after Guadalupe García de Rayos, a Mexican immigrant, was deported. García de Rayos, 36, had been convicted of using a fake social security number but had complied with Ice orders for several years. She had been living in the US since she was 14 years old.
On 17 February thousands of people took part in a “Day without immigrants” protest, closing businesses nationwide. An “Immigrants’ March” is planned for Washington DC on 6 May – more than 130,000 people have registered interest on Facebook.
The National Immigration Law Center and National Immigration Forum have been among the groups critical of the DHS memos. Both provide support to at-risk immigrants.
On 24 February Los Angeles councilman Curren Price announced $1m in grants to the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles and the Central American Resource Center, both of which provide legal support to people at risk of deportation. 
Trump spoke about repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act during his campaign. On 6 March Republicans unveiled a new bill which would replace the legislation with a plan that could leave more Americans without health insurance.
In January, thousands of people across the country answered a call from Senator Bernie Sanders to rally against the prospective healthcare reform. 
A group called Save My Care has launched a two-month bus tour across the US to draw attention to the plight of Americans who may lose health insurance if Obamacare is scrapped.
Since the new Republican bill was announced, smaller groups have protested outside politicians’ offices. People held a rally protesting the Republican bill outside congressman Darrell Issa’s office in Vista, California, on Wednesday, while Planned Parenthood supporters gathered at congressman Tom Reed’s Ithaca, New York, office. 
A group also planned to gather at Republican congressman Brian Fitzpatrick’s Langhorne, Pennsylvania, office on Thursday.
Experts say Trump has a troubling record on climate change and the science supporting it. In his 2015 book Crippled America Trump wrote that he does not believe in climate change, without any explanation. 
In a press conference for the book’s launch, the Guardian asked Trump why he did not believe in climate change but did not receive an answer, although in 2012 Donald Trump alleged that “the concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make US manufacturing non-competitive”. 
Trump has since appointed Rick Perry as secretary of energy – meaning the former Texas governor is now in charge of a department he once pledged to abolish. Scott Pruitt, the former attorney general of Oklahoma, is the new administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
In 2016 Pruitt wrote that “scientists continue to disagree” about the extent of climate change, despite the overwhelming consensus on the issue from scientists.
A “March for Science” is planned for Washington DC on 22 April. Organised by scientists from across the US, the march is intended to “call for science that upholds the common good and for political leaders and policymakers to enact evidence based policies in the public interest”.
Organisations which have partnered with the march include Sigma XI – a non-profit group of 80,000 scientists and engineers, the American Association of University Professors, and the American Geophysical Union.
On 29 April a People’s Climate March will take place in the same city. The People’s Climate Movement – made up of 25 organisations including 350.org, NextGen Climate and the Climate Justice Alliance – is behind the demonstration. In 2014 more than 300,000 people attended the People’s Climate March in New York City.



ARTICLE
Former Republican US president George W Bush diverged sharply from Trump’s new administration on Monday, saying he supported a welcoming immigration policy and praising the media as “indispensable to democracy”.
In a wide-ranging interview with NBC’s Today show, meanwhile, the former president was asked if he had seen signs that Trump was trying to close the rift in the US electorate after his divisive campaign against Hillary Clinton. He acknowledged that his own presidency from 2001 to 2009 also began after a contentious election but that it was “hard to compare times”.
Bush said that Trump was still in the early stage of his presidency and that Americans have “got to take the man at his word”.
Asked whether he supported Trump’s travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries, Bush said: “I am for an immigration policy that is welcoming and that upholds the law.”
Bush, whose presidency was shaped by the September 11 terror attacks, also called for religious tolerance. “One of our great strengths is for people to be able to worship the way they want to or not worship at all,” he said.
After the attacks, Bush made a point of supporting Muslims and praising Islam’s teachings as peaceful.
Regarding the press, Trump has branded some news outlets as “the enemy of the people”. Bush said: “I consider the media to be indispensable to democracy, that we need an independent media to hold people like me to account.
“It’s important for the media to call to account people who abuse their power.”
Bush also said he did not know if a special prosecutor was needed to investigate contacts between Trump associates and Russia but added: “We all need answers.”
He also said that during his presidency he tried to persuade the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, to accept the concept of an independent news media.
“It’s kind of hard to tell others to have an independent, free press and we’re not willing to have one ourselves,” Bush said. 



ARTICLE
As a young justice department lawyer, Rod Rosenstein was tapped to join Kenneth Starr’s Whitewater investigation into Bill and Hillary Clinton’s real estate dealings. He showed an uncommon skill with public corruption cases, demonstrating a wisdom and sensitivity beyond his years, his supervisors said. 
Now Rosenstein, who made his reputation as a competent, apolitical US attorney who served both Bush and Obama, may investigate another president’s ties to an even more high-profile scandal. 
The attorney general, Jeff Sessions, pledged on Thursday he would recuse himself from overseeing any investigations of Russia’s role in the 2016 election. “I should not be involved in investigating a campaign I had a role in,” he said, a decision that came after bipartisan pressure from Congress over his failure to disclose two meetings with Russia’s ambassador during the election year. 
Sessions’ recusal could immediately put Rosenstein into a much higher-profile position than he might have imagined when he was nominated to serve as deputy attorney general. If confirmed, he would oversee any justice department investigation into Russian interference in the election – including any contacts between Russia and members of the Trump campaign. 
Rosenstein, who is currently the US attorney in Maryland, was a surprising choice to serve as the No 2 official in Trump’s justice department, said Philip Heymann, who was Rosenstein’s law professor at Harvard, and later his boss in the Clinton justice department. Rosenstein has served in the Department of Justice for 26 years, including in the tax division, the public integrity section, and as an assistant US attorney in Maryland. 
Rosenstein is a skilled prosecutor and “a straight shooter”, with a deep knowledge of the day-to-day workings of the department, but he did not seem particularly close to either Sessions or Trump, Heymann said. 
“It surprises me that they didn’t pick somebody who was more partisan,” he said. 
James Cole, who served for four years as Eric Holder’s deputy attorney general, also offered unqualified praise for Rosenstein’s skill and credibility. 
“He doesn’t make any decisions that either are or appear to be political,” he said. 
Questions on the Russia investigation are likely to be at the center of Rosenstein’s confirmation hearing on Tuesday. He declined to comment. 
Some observers have noted that during the Nixon administration, Senate Democrats used the confirmation process of Nixon’s attorney general pick, Elliot Richardson, as leverage and refused to confirm him for the job until he named a special prosecutor to oversee the Watergate investigation. Senate Democrats could take a similar approach to Rosenstein’s confirmation and demand a special prosecutor on Russia’s interference in the 2016 election, the Intercept suggested on Thursday. 
On Sunday night, Richard Blumenthal, one of the Democrats on the Senate judiciary committee, vowed on Twitter that he would “use every possible tool to block DOJ Deputy AG nominee unless he commits to appoint [an] independent special prosecutor”.
Heymann said both Democrats and Republicans would trust Rosenstein and that he was the “perfect” person to oversee an investigation into Russia’s interference in the US election – an issue both Democrats and Trump have framed, in different ways, as an inquiry that strikes at the heart of Trump’s legitimacy as president. 
“I think we’re very lucky to have him in that position,” he said. 
In February, the Baltimore Sun, Rosenstein’s hometown paper, called him an “honorable” public servant with “wide bipartisan support” who was too good to sell his soul by taking a job in the Trump administration.
“Just don’t go there. Say ‘no’ to President Trump,” a member of the Sun’s editorial board advised Rosenstein in an open letter. 
Former colleagues praised Rosenstein’s restraint. He understands that the justice department’s role “is to do justice rather than bring cases”, said Steve Levin, a former federal prosecutor who worked for Rosenstein in Baltimore. Even as he rose into a politically appointed position, he kept the approach and the attitude of a career prosecutor, Levin said. 
“He is very professional and very determined to be the best prosecutor that he can be – and he doesn’t take that to mean the most aggressive prosecutor,” Heymann said. 
Heymann, a longtime justice department official, worked with the Watergate prosecutor, Archibald, Cox on the investigation that led to Nixon’s resignation, and was also part of investigations into Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton. He said Rosenstein’s lack of a close relationship with Trump or Sessions could, paradoxically, make his job overseeing any investigation of Russian interference harder. 
“I think he’s in an incredibly difficult position. I’ve learned over many, many years it’s easier to be independent if you’re a close friend of the president than if you’re not,” he said, explaining the importance of having a president’s trust. “I would anticipate that the White House would be very worried about anybody that they didn’t know well.” 
As Maryland’s US attorney, Levin said, Rosenstein has gone after corrupt police officers and prison guards as well as violent gang members. This week, his office announced the arrest of seven Baltimore police officers for racketeering. 
Rosenstein has also worked to crack down on national security leaks, announcing charges last fall in a high-profile case against a National Security Agency contractor for stealing classified information.
 In response to questions about Russia’s interference in the election he won, Trump has repeatedly argued that the real scandal is not the attempt of a foreign power to sway an American election, but the national security leaks that have made new angles of the issue public. 
Rosenstein’s predecessor as US attorney in Maryland sparked complaints that he was unfairly targeting Democrats in public corruption cases using his office as a “political weapon”. Rosenstein brought more stability to the office. When he has gone after public officials as US attorney, “he did it an even-handed and a fair way”, said Cole, the Obama justice official. 
The deputy attorney general is the justice department’s chief operation officer, with wide responsibilities for overseeing litigation, crime-fighting strategy, and the federal government’s national security policy. If confirmed, “he will end up in the situation room a lot”, Cole said.
During his confirmation hearing, Sessions made no mention of the two meetings he had with Russia’s ambassador during the election year, even when asked directly if he “had been in contact with anyone connected to any part of the Russian government about the 2016 election”. Saying the attorney general appeared to have lied under oath, some Democrats are continuing to demand that he resign. Sessions said that he “should have” mentioned the meetings with ambassador Sergey Kislyak, but that he did not recall “any specific political discussions”. 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump sat down for an interview on Thursday with Fox News, a network he has consistently praised, as his chief strategist used an interview with the New York Times to lash out at the mainstream American media, which he said was “the opposition party” to the current administration.
“I want you to quote this,” chief strategist Steve Bannon told the Times. “The media here is the opposition party. They don’t understand this country. They still do not understand why Donald Trump is the president of the United States.”
President Trump has long enjoyed a friendly relationship with Fox, earning favorable coverage throughout the campaign and in the early days of his presidency. Cornered during a presidential debate over his support for the Iraq war, for example, he implored the public to “call Sean Hannity” – his interviewer on Thursday – who he said would defend his opposition to it.
On Wednesday, Trump complimented the conservative network for being “number one” in ratings while denouncing a competitor, CNN, as “FAKE NEWS”. 
On Thursday morning, he described the whistleblower Chelsea Manning in a tweet as an “ungrateful traitor”, 14 minutes after Fox had broadcast the same words.
Speaking to Hannity, Trump said Islamic State fighters were “sneaky, dirty rats”.
“They’re sneaky, dirty rats and they blow people up in a shopping center and they blow people up in a church,” Trump said. 
“These are bad people. When you’re fighting Germany and they had their uniforms, and Japan and they had their uniforms and they had their flags on the plane, and the whole thing. We are fighting sneaky rats right now that are sick and demented. And we’re going to win.”
The interview with Hannity ran the gamut of Trump’s preoccupations on the campaign trail and in office, including his belief in the efficacy of torture including waterboarding against those suspected of terrorist offenses and his support for “totally extreme” vetting of people seeking to enter the US from certain countries. 
Immigration measures are reported to be at the heart of executive orders due to be signed on Friday or Saturday, having been postponed on Thursday after Trump fell behind his planned schedule.
Trump also gave Hannity a tour of the Oval Office, during which he offered one of many boasts: “Look at my desk, papers. You don’t see presidents with papers on that desk.” 
Concluding the interview, Trump returned to his obsession with TV ratings, saying: “The ratings tonight are going to be through the roof.” 
Bannon, formerly chairman of the far-right Breitbart News website, eviscerated legacy media organizations in his interview with the Times.
The media should be “embarrassed and humiliated” by its coverage of the election, he said, claiming that a number of political reporters were “outright activists of the Clinton campaign” though without naming any names.
“That’s why you have no power,” Bannon said. “You were humiliated.”
Many in the media wrongly predicted Hillary Clinton would win the election. Forecasters at the Times gave her an 85% chance of winning on election day. 
Trump enjoys antagonizing the media, a routine that became habit on the campaign trail. Several reporters have also noticed that Trump has a tendency to react to Fox News segments, even on occasion parroting their language. 
On Tuesday, seemingly out of nowhere, Trump used Twitter to say he would send “the feds” into Chicago if the city failed to combat an increase in violence. It soon became clear the tweet had followed an 8pm segment on Fox’s O’Reilly Factor – about an increase in violence in Chicago. 
In his first public remarks after his inauguration last week, Trump used a speech at CIA headquarters to kindle a feud with the press over the size of the crowd. In a statement riddled with falsehoods the president’s spokesman, Sean Spicer, then delivered a scathing indictment of coverage of the inauguration.
“That was the largest audience to witness an inauguration, period,” Spicer said, a remark which the fact-checking website PolitiFact deemed to be “pants on fire” false.
The next day, Kellyanne Conway, a top aide to Trump, defended Spicer’s remarks, saying the White House’s false claims were “alternative facts”. Her words drew comparisons to “newspeak”, the language of a dictatorial regime featured in George Orwell’s dystopian classic Nineteen Eighty-Four, causing sales of the book to spike. 



ARTICLE
From the women’s marches, to airport protests, to packed town hall meetings, millions of Americans have been seeking out ways to curb what they see as the damaging actions of an unpredictable regime. In the process, they’ve begun to lay the foundations for a new era of grassroots activism that’s becoming one of the defining news stories of the Trump era.
The Guardian is launching The Resistance Now to cover the emerging campaigns around topics such as climate change, reproductive rights, equality, immigration, racial justice and more.
Sign up above for a weekly newsletter and occasional updates detailing what’s up with the resistance now.



ARTICLE
Pressure is mounting on the US security agencies to disclose vastly more about Donald Trump’s connections to Russia as the president is signaling a crackdown on the intelligence community in response.
Democrats in Congress, including the House minority leader, Nancy Pelosi, are pressing the interim director of national intelligence for a “comprehensive” briefing over the next two weeks, sparked by Monday’s resignation of national security adviser Michael Flynn over his discussion of sanctions easement with the Russian ambassador, Sergei Kislyak. 
Among the material Pelosi and senior House intelligence committee Democrat Adam Schiff seek are the intercepted conversations Flynn had with Kislyak, which would resolve the uncertainty surrounding a potential quid pro quo with Moscow for what the intelligence agencies believe was Russian interference in the 2016 election to aid Trump. 
It would also hand the Democrats a powerful weapon against the White House, even as Trump claims that they are the true wellspring of an avalanche of leaks against him. “The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story - RUSSIA,” he tweeted on Thursday morning. The “306” was a reference to his electoral college total. 
Pelosi and Schiff, whose committee is already investigating Trump-Russia connections, cited the “severity and urgency of the counterintelligence threat from Moscow” in a letter to Michael Dempsey, who is acting as director of national intelligence ahead of a confirmation hearing for Trump nominee Dan Coats. 
“This briefing should include information about former Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs Michael Flynn’s contacts with Russian officials, and should also provide unredacted transcripts of any intercepted communications he had with Russian officials,” the pair wrote to Dempsey on Thursday. 
At the same time, the Senate judiciary committee’s Democrats are demanding that the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, recuse himself from any internal inquiry into contacts between Russia and the Trump campaign, of which Sessions was a leading member.
“We also ask that you take all necessary steps to ensure that these investigations continue unimpeded and free from political pressure or interference,” every committee Democrat wrote to Sessions on Thursday. 
As well, the nine Democratic senators requested that the White House counsel, Department of Justice and FBI “preserve and are preserving all materials” relevant to Trump’s contacts with Russia, a step carrying overtones of a criminal investigation. 
The extent and character of Trump’s links with Russia are increasingly the backdrop to everything the Trump administration does. Trump on Thursday pledged over Twitter to put a “spotlight” on the “low-life leakers” even as he accused the media of making up sources for an array of stories that refute key aspects of the White House’s portrayal of those ties. 
The intelligence agencies have seen Trump vacillate between cultivation, detente and hostility toward them several times since his election. Some within have feared a purge or a marginalization by Trump after assessing Russian interference in the campaign. Trump has accused leakers of “criminal” disclosures of intelligence, a seeming reference to – and perhaps accidental validation of – the Flynn-Kislyak intercepts. 
Those fears are likely to accelerate after a report in the New York Times that Trump intends to put a loyalist, Stephen A Feinberg, in charge of a long-rumored “review” of the intelligence agencies for structural changes. 
It is unknown how Feinberg will work with Coats. Coats’s nomination is said to be in limbo while the Senate intelligence committee – of which, as an Indiana senator, he was once a member – scrutinizes his paperwork. Yet Coats is expected to have his confirmation hearing scheduled after the Senate returns on 27 February from a recess. 



ARTICLE
Outside his rural congressional district stretching over 39 Iowa counties, conservative congressman Steve King’s stream of inflammatory comments generate outrage and condemnation. Back home, they rate little more than a shrug.
“That’s just Steve being Steve,” was how Tom Reiter put it, looking into a mirror while getting his hair cut on Thursday in Carroll. “He doesn’t pull any punches.” 
It’s been that way since King, a former construction company owner and state legislator, was elected to Congress in 2002. It’s still true, days after King tweeted his support for a far-right Dutch politician who opposes immigration and added: “We can’t restore our civilization with somebody else’s babies.”
Later in a radio interview, King responded to a question about changing demographics that could mean whites will no longer make up a US majority by predicting: “Hispanics and the blacks will be fighting each other before that happens.” 
King’s comments prompted the House minority leader, Nancy Pelosi, to call for Republican leaders to condemn what she called “vile racism”. The House speaker, Paul Ryan, told Fox News he disagreed with King about “somebody else’s babies”. The White House also distanced itself from King’s comments. 
In the fourth congressional district, dotted with small towns and some of the world’s most valuable farmland, King remains popular, typically winning 60% or more of the vote with reliable support even from those who feel uneasy about some of his statements. 
The comments have included opposition to placing an image of black anti-slavery activist Harriet Tubman on the $20 bill, comments about immigrant children having “calves the size of cantaloupes” because of carrying marijuana across the border, and support for fortifying a border wall by placing an electric wire on top. 
Although the Hispanic population is growing in Iowa cities such as Storm Lake with large meat-processing plants, the district remains overwhelmingly white and deeply conservative, with about 70,000 more Republicans than Democrats. It backed Trump in the 2016 election by nearly two to one, with some counties giving the Republican six times more votes than the Democrats’ Hillary Clinton.
Many voters credit King for a willingness to speak his mind despite criticism. 
“He’s honestly saying what he believes,” said Pat Luther, a retired teacher who joined her husband for coffee and a frosted doughnut on Thursday at Bunkers Dunkers Bakery in Jefferson. Her husband, Dave Luther, nodded and added: “Political correctness makes me tired.” 
The couple have lived most of their lives in Jefferson, a city of 4,200 on the southern edge of the district, and acknowledged some of King’s comments “make you cringe”. But Dave Luther, a Republican and retired insurance agent, said he believes King doesn’t mean to be offensive. 
“He’s just concerned about immigration and how our country is changing,” he said.
Although the entire district favors Republicans, apart from Ames, home to Iowa State University, it gets more conservative heading north and west. Heading west to Carroll, hair stylist Amy Riddle agrees with customer Reiter that in a conservative district, voters are willing to overlook statements from a congressman they trust, and agree with on issues. 
“If you know the character of a person, you’re able to give him a little grace,” she said. 
Don Kass, the chairman of the Republican party in Plymouth County, said he sometimes wished King wouldn’t “feed the liberal bears” but added that most criticism comes from people outside the district. 
Since they agree with King on the issues, said Gwen Ecklund, a Republican leader in Crawford County, voters don’t worry about his comments. 
“I think there’s a skepticism among the voters regarding Washington and the media and because of that, the voters may not seem to take it as seriously as others do,” she said. 
Not everyone supports King, though it’s hard to find someone who thinks voters will reject the congressman. One who holds out hope is Democrat Kim Weaver, who ran against King in 2016. She lost in 38 of 39 counties but expressed optimism as she edges toward another run next year. 
“Maybe it’s just that I’m naive, but I don’t believe the people in north-west Iowa are horrible racist bigots, not aware of what’s going on,” said Weaver, who works as an advocate for seniors in care centers. 
Weaver said King’s recent comments prompted a flood of donations from inside and outside the district to an exploratory committee she has established. 
“People are starting to realize, this guy really means this stuff,” she said. 
Dorla Neiderheiser, a retired nurse from the 200-person city of Paton in Greene County, said she would like to see King replaced, quipping that “People on the coasts must feel like we’re uneducated.” Still, she said, “A lot of people seem to want to hear it that way.” 
Libertarian Dale Gentry, a retired teacher from Rockwell City who owns an auto restoration business just off the 2,100-person city’s town square, is no fan of the congressman. 
“Steve doesn’t plug his mind in before his mouth takes off,” he said.
But Gentry did not have a lot of faith in the two political parties, which he said cater to a left and right fringe. 
“That’s not the way it should be,” he said. “We’ve lost the middle-of-the-road guys.”



ARTICLE
The ultimate source of Donald Trump’s wiretapping allegations – which he has presented without evidence – is one of the most prominent conservative broadcasters in the country. Yet compared with such colleagues as Rush Limbaugh or Glenn Beck, few liberals have heard of him.
On Friday, Breitbart News reprinted and amplified allegations of an attempted “silent coup” by the Obama administration, which were reportedly the basis of Trump’s tweets about wiretapping on Saturday. But Breitbart acknowledged in its reporting that the case was first made on Mark Levin’s radio show on Thursday night. 
Levin stitched together material – including from the New York Times, the Washington Post, and the Guardian – on Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (Fisa) court warrants sought during the election. In some cases, the reports he cited were simply mentioning unconfirmed information from sources such as the rightwing tabloid site Heat Street. But Levin went on to claim that the Obama administration had used “police state” surveillance tactics against the Trump team.
Despite the slim basis for his claims, Levin has been on the attack in the first part of this week, writing open letters to reporters who have questioned his stories, and lambasting others on air.
Levin – nicknamed “the Great One” by his friend Sean Hannity – is one of the most energetic and successful rightwing talk radio hosts. His syndicated three-hour program, which airs evenings on the east coast and at drive time on the west, gets more than 7 million listeners a week, according to Talkers magazine – putting him in the same ballpark as Beck. 
He has also made serious efforts to grow beyond radio. He is editor-in-chief of the rightwing website Conservative Review and the host of its flagship TV program. Over time, his books have enjoyed increasing time on the New York Times’ bestseller list. 
Levin’s audience is as unusual as it is loyal. The political scientist Dan Cassino, who researches conservative media, points out that in the last American National Election Study in 2013, “among all news outlets, including liberal shows, listeners to the Mark Levin program have the highest political knowledge of anyone, and it is the only show whose audience is 100% conservative”.
The intense conservatism of his audience may explain why Levin operates almost entirely within the rightwing bubble. His appeal to moderates is extremely limited, and Cassino says that his program is primarily about “helping people justify decisions they have already made”.
The relatively advanced political knowledge of his listeners may be because Levin’s show offers material, and an agenda, that goes beyond the high-octane bloviation of his competitors. 
“He actually offers more of a legal and process basis for what he says. He offers the same simplistic narratives, but he really does detail work. He has legislative proposals. One of his books was about exactly what constitutional amendments he thinks we need and how we could change the amendment process.” 
His capacity to advocate for a more substantive rightwing political project is a product of his own history. Levin came relatively late to radio. In the 1980s, while Limbaugh and others were creating the stridently partisan talk radio format after the repeal of the Fairness Doctrine, Levin was working his way up the Reagan administration. His government career culminated in a stint as chief of staff for the then attorney general, Edwin Meese. 
Later, he worked at the Landmark Legal Foundation, whose activities included bringing suits against labor unions to stop their political campaigning. In the 1990s, he was a regular expert guest on Rush Limbaugh’s show. 
From the early 2000s, Levin moved into broadcasting. In 2003, he got his first daily show on WABC. He began to evolve a winning formula that combined his legal knowledge with two-fisted rhetoric, feuds, and a politics best described as hard-edged movement conservatism. 
Free markets, a hawkish foreign policy, and constant attacks on Democrats and the left are important components of this, but nothing is more important to Levin than his ultra-originalist version of the constitution, which above all stresses states’ rights. He is a major proponent – on air and in his written work – of a constitutional convention for the purposes of limiting the power of the federal government. 
Naturally, he hates Democrats and has spent much of the past eight years pouring opprobrium on Barack Obama – just one of the things that made him so congenial to the Tea Party movement. 
But Republicans are not beyond the reach of Levin’s acid tongue.
He reserves a special scorn for those Republican politicians he sees as compromising with their opponents, or not adhering closely enough to “constitutional conservatism”. His regular punching bags get patented nicknames: Lindsey Graham is “goober”, John McCain is “John McPain”, and he once called Mitch McConnell “The Benedict Arnold of the US Senate”. Major media outlets get similar treatment – Levin regularly lambasts the “New York Slimes”, the “Washington Compost”, and “MSLSD”. 
Levin received a major blow last year, when his favored candidate, Ted Cruz, was defeated by Donald Trump, whom he had vociferously campaigned against. In the era of Trump, Levin and other well-established hosts associated with movement conservatism have at times looked increasingly isolated. Among other differences, movement conservatives tend to advocate for free trade and the projection of US force, and they are far less likely to talk openly about race, preferring to trade in euphemisms about “law and order” or “welfare”. 
The political scientist George Hawley, whose book deals with the recent challenges being faced by the conservative movement, says that Levin is fairly representative of the problems that movement figures have had with Trump. 
Stranded between a president they didn’t support and an audience who voted for him, hosts such as Levin have lately tried to split the difference by continuing to criticise Obama – and by extension Democrats – and the left. 
“They have to keep their listeners tuning in,” Hawley says. “The overwhelming majority of talk radio listeners voted for Trump. That audience is not going to want to hear talk about why Trump violates some particular abstract principle of conservatism. They’d rather hear why the other side is a bunch of criminals and socialists.”
Cassino says that focusing on the left is an easy call. “The call that Levin and other hosts have made is: we’re not going to talk about areas of disagreement.” The perniciousness of Obama is something that everyone on his side of politics can concur on. 
Levin is seizing his return to relevance with both hands. On Monday night, on Levin TV, he defended his initial broadcast and subsequent appearances laying out the case that Fisa court warrants had been sought to investigate members of the Trump team. 
It was all built on mainstream reporting, he insisted, and denied that he was a conspiracy theorist, asking, “Was the Guardian lying? Was a far-left British newspaper lying?” 
The former British MP Louise Mensch reported in November on the Heat Street website that the Fisa court had granted the FBI a surveillance warrant of “US persons” to investigate possible contacts between Russian banks and Trump’s associates. The Guardian has reported that the Fisa court turned down an initial request for a warrant last summer. 
We should expect that he and other denizens of talk radio will try to maintain their relevance in the Trump era by continuing to campaign against the last president. 



ARTICLE
A day of whirlwind diplomacy for Donald Trump on Saturday, including calls to five world leaders such as the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, was overshadowed by a global backlash against his ban on refugees.
The “congratulatory call” with Putin lasted an hour, the White House said in a short statement, and ranged from discussion of “mutual cooperation” to defeat the terror group Isis to negotiating an end to the Syrian civil war.
“The positive call was a significant start to improving the relationship between the United States and Russia that is in need of repair,” the White House said.
In the Kremlin’s more detailed account, Trump and Putin discussed “partnership” on a wide range of international issues, including wars in the Middle East, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Iran’s nuclear programme, the Korean peninsula and the simmering war in Ukraine, where Russia has supported separatist rebels since 2014. 
Cooperation in Ukraine would represent a stark turn in US policy, which has supported Kiev and imposed punitive sanctions against prominent Russians for the Kremlin’s role in the crisis.
Those sanctions, which Trump has mused about removing, were not mentioned in the Russian readout of the call, but the Kremlin said the leaders had discussed “the importance of restoring mutually beneficial economic-trade links”. 
The Kremlin also stressed possible coordination in fighting terrorism in Syria, where Putin has supported the dictator Bashar al-Assad with a huge bombing campaign.
In unusually effusive language, the Kremlin said Trump and Putin plan to meet in person, and that they had kind words for each other’s nations. 
“Donald Trump asked to convey wishes of happiness and prosperity to the Russian people, mentioning that the American people hold Russia and her citizens in sympathetic regard,” the Kremlin said.
“Vladimir Putin, for his part, emphasized that in Russia there are analogous feelings toward Americans. He recalled that for the span of two centuries our nation had supported America, been allies in two world wars, and now views the US as its most important partner in the fight against international terrorism.”
Trump also spoke to the German chancellor, Angela Merkel, and French president, François Hollande, both of whom are sharply at odds with his radical refugee vetting policy.
The White House said Merkel and Trump spoke about Russia and Ukraine, and “agreed on the Nato alliance’s fundamental importance to the broader transatlantic relationship and its role in ensuring the peace and stability of our North Atlantic community”.
Merkel has stood staunchly against Trump’s denigrations of Nato, which he has called “obsolete”. He has also accused allies of failing to pay their dues for military defense, a dispute alluded to by the White House, which said the leaders discussed “appropriate investment in military capabilities to ensure all Allies are contributing their fair share to our collective security”.
The White House did not say whether Merkel and Trump discussed refugees, hundreds of thousands of whom Germany has received in the last year. In a recent interview, Trump described Merkel’s open-door policy as “a catastrophic mistake”. 
Trump has had a rollercoaster ride in his first week as a world statesman. His meeting with the British prime minister, Theresa May, at the White House passed successfully but a crisis erupted with neighbouring Mexico, whose president, Enrique Peña Nieto, abruptly cancelled a planned visit.
Trump had moved ahead with plans for a border wall and appeared to threaten a hefty border tax on Mexican imports. The spat played out on Twitter.
The US president began Saturday by calling the Japanese prime minister, Shinzo Abe, who visited him at Trump Tower in New York during the transition. 
“President Trump affirmed the ironclad US commitment to ensuring the security of Japan,” the White House said. During the election campaign, Trump suggested that America’s defence of Japan was too one-sided and expensive.
Trump and Abe also discussed the threat posed by North Korea and “committed to deepen the bilateral trade and investment relationship” ahead of a meeting in Washington on 10 February, the White House added. Earlier this week, the US withdrew from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a flagship 12-country deal drawn up by Barack Obama, raising the prospect of a bilateral agreement with Japan.
Earlier on Saturday, the French foreign minister, Jean-Marc Ayrault, held talks with Germany’s Sigmar Gabriel in Paris. Ayrault said Trump’s order on Friday – barring all refugees from entering the US for four months and those from war-ravaged Syria indefinitely – “can only worry us”. 
The French minister told a press conference: “We have signed international obligations, so welcoming refugees fleeing war and oppression forms part of our duties.”
Gabriel told reporters: “The United States is a country where Christian traditions have an important meaning. Loving your neighbour is a major Christian value, and that includes helping people. I think that is what unites us in the west, and I think that is what we want to make clear to the Americans.”
Trump’s executive order, which he said will keep out “radical Islamic terrorists”, has been condemned within the US and around the world. No visas will be issued for migrants or visitors from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for at least 90 days.
The Iranian president, Hassan Rouhani, said on Saturday now was “not the time to build walls between nations”. Speaking at a tourism convention in Tehran, he added: “They have forgotten that the Berlin Wall collapsed many years ago. Even if there are walls between nations, they must be removed.”
An Iranian foreign ministry statement said the executive order was an “open affront against the Muslim world and the Iranian nation” and said Iran would “take appropriate consular, legal and political measures” in response.
“Instead of countering terrorism and protecting American people, these measures will be written in history as a gift to extremists and their supporters,” the statement said.
The US president’s admiration for the authoritarian Russian leader has caused consternation in America and beyond. On Friday he said it was “very early” to be talking about possibly lifting sanctions that were imposed on Russia over its incursion into eastern Ukraine.
US intelligence agencies found that Russia had interfered in the presidential election with the aim of harming Hillary Clinton and helping Trump. House and Senate intelligence committees have announced investigations into possible links between Moscow and members of the Trump campaign. 
Members of Trump’s own party have warned against lifting sanctions. John McCain, chairman of the Senate armed services committee, said he would try to “codify sanctions against Russia into law”. 
In the past three years, McCain added, Russia has invaded Ukraine, annexed Crimea, threatened Nato allies, intervened militarily in Syria and interfered in the US election with cyber-attacks and a disinformation campaign.
The senator called Putin “a murderer and a thug who seeks to undermine American national security interests at every turn”, and warned Trump: “For our commander-in-chief to think otherwise would be naive and dangerous.”



ARTICLE
The conservative activist cited by Donald Trump as an authority on voter fraud owes the US government more than $100,000 in unpaid taxes, was once accused of lying about his qualifications, and has faced several allegations of ethical impropriety.
Gregg Phillips’s unfounded claim that three million people vote illegally in the US was championed in a tweet by Trump on Friday morning, as the new administration prepares to launch what he says will be a major inquiry into the integrity of American elections. The president tweeted:
Phillips, 56, became popular among Trump supporters during the 2016 presidential campaign for his strident statements on Twitter and his development of an “election fraud reporting app” that allows people to use their cellphones to report alleged wrongdoing.
He claims to have been building a database of all voter registrations in the US with location details since 2009, but has declined to make his findings public.
While he has posted online about excessive government spending, Phillips owes the federal government $100,961 in unpaid income taxes with his wife, according to a lien filed by the IRS in Manatee County, Florida, in 2014. An official at the county clerk’s office said the outstanding sum had not been paid. In a text message on Friday, Phillips said: “I am in a disagreement with the IRS over income taxes. The amount owed is less than $50,000.”
Phillips also had a colorful and lesser-known career in Mississippi and Texas state politics over the past few decades, in which he was accused of exploiting positions that he held in the administrations of both states for financial gain.
The former stockbroker and Republican fundraiser described those years differently in a tweet posted last November. “I’ve torn down govt in two states, eliminated 20k jobs, & saved $5 billion,” he said. “Requires enormous stones.”
After Phillips served as chief fundraiser on his successful 1991 election campaign, Kirk Fordice, theRepublican governor of Mississippi, nominated him to be executive director of the state’s department of human services.
Aged just 33, Phillips was confirmed despite an investigation into his background by state legislators finding several red flags. While Phillips reportedly said on his job application that he majored in “finance” for his degree, records from the University of Alabama showed that in fact he majored in transportation, according to multiple press reports from the time. On Friday, Phillips said: “My degree is a bachelor of science in commerce and business administration.”
Phillips also said that he was registered to vote in Madison County, Mississippi, but he did not appear in voter rolls, according to the reports. He did not file a statement of economic interests by the deadline required in state ethics law. Having been critical of “deadbeat fathers”, Phillips was himself accused of failing to pay child support. The allegation, made by his ex-wife’s new husband in an interview with a newspaper columnist, was denied by Phillips. A Republican state senator reportedly pressured investigators to drop this issue.
State investigators then wrote another scathing report on Phillips after he resigned from the job in 1995. Phillips had immediately taken an $84,000-a-year job with a corporation to which his department had previously awarded a state workforce training contract worth $878,000.
The legislature’s watchdog committee said: “His actions relative to the contractual arrangement create the appearance of impropriety and could constitute a violation of state ethics laws.” No action was taken against Phillips. On Friday he said: “I was fully cleared by the MS [Mississippi] ethics commission of any wrongdoing.”
Amid reports that Phillips was in line to be appointed head of the human services department in his home state of Alabama, the Birmingham News in October 1995 urged Governor Fob James to look elsewhere. “He can find better than Phillips,” the newspaper said in an editorial. Noting that auditors had discovered mismanagement in his Mississippi department, the article said Phillips held “shaky qualifications and a suspect track record”. He was passed over for the position.
In 2003, Phillips took a job as the second-in-command in Texas’s own human services department, where he was put in charge of a drastic privatization of many services. An investigation by the Houston Chronicle in 2005 alleged that Phillips had been involved in awarding tens of millions of dollars worth of state contracts to companies with which he was personally linked.
In only the most striking example, the newspaper found that two clients of Enterject, a lobbying, services and training company that Phillips co-founded, were given $167m in state contracts. Phillips told the newspaper he had “severed all ties” to his company when he went to work for the state. Yet the reporters found that, in fact, he remained “actively involved” with Enterject and that his wife was the company’s chief financial officer.
The Chronicle also found that Enterject was given a $670,270 contract for processing immigrant paperwork from the Texas Workforce Commission. The commission’s executive director, Larry Temple, had been Phillips’s deputy in Mississippi. Phillips again denied any wrongdoing.
After he left the Texas state administration, Phillips’s new company AutoGov won a no-bid contract worth at least $207,000 in public funds to work on fixing the error-plagued computerized welfare system that Phillips had implemented. The Dallas Morning News described the problematic setup as “the state’s biggest privatization fiasco”.
In his response on Friday, Phillips did not answer questions about his time in Texas.




ARTICLE
Democrats running for Georgia’s sixth congressional district can typically hope to raise $10,000 for their campaign. But ahead of a special election on Tuesday, first-time candidate Jon Ossoff has already raised $8.3m.
Ossoff’s bid for the seat previously held by Tom Price, who left to become Donald Trump’s secretary of health and human services, offers the first opportunity to see if Trump’s poor job approval ratings nationally can be translated into local victories for Democrats.
A Republican has represented the sixth district since 1979, and a victory for the 30-year-old Ossoff could represent the first tangible public rejection of Trump’s presidency.
So far, it is looking promising. Ossoff, an investigative film-maker, is polling at 43% in the district, with his nearest challenger, Republican Karen Handel, at 15%. 
But while Ossoff’s surge is being interpreted by some as a reaction to the president, the candidate himself is keen to stress that he is not running against Trump. 
In an interview with the Guardian, Ossoff, who worked as a congressional aide for Congressman Hank Johnson for five years before turning his hand to journalism, described himself as “laser-focused on local economic issues”.
Atlanta can be the “Silicon Valley of the south”, Ossoff believes, and become an “economic powerhouse that is the envy of the rest of the country”.
“Folks appreciate my focus on local economic issues, on bringing jobs investment and greater prosperity to the area, on college affordability and increasing opportunity at home,” he said.
While those might be noble initiatives, it seems unlikely that the money Ossoff has managed to raise is aimed solely at local efforts. Of the $8,320,693 Ossoff’s campaign raised between 21 December and 29 March, 95% of donors were from out of state, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
His popularity has made him a focus of attack ads by Republican Super Pac the Congressional Leadership Fund (CLF). The group dug up footage of Ossoff dressed as Han Solo, in a bid to portray the 30-year-old as “not ready” for office – “I do not mind the comparison to Han Solo,” Ossoff said – and has repeatedly linked him to conservative hate-figure Nancy Pelosi.
Since 1 March, the CLF has run eight different ads against the Democrat, and Marketplace reported that GOP groups had spent at least $4m on the race. Some of those ads have focused on Ossoff’s out-of-state funding, while a particularly egregious recent commercial criticized Ossoff for making a documentary for news channel Al-Jazeera.
Even the president himself waded into the special election on Thursday: Trump posted a sponsored ad to Facebook asking for donations to help defend the seat. 
The ad said that Republicans needed to raise more than $40,000 before midnight Thursday. Anyone sending a contribution would be rewarded with a “free ‘I support Donald Trump’ bumper sticker”, it said.
“It’s a tough fight and they’re hitting me hard and I’m honored that they are because it proves how winnable this race is,” Ossoff said. 
“Georgia likes an underdog.”
Establishment Democrats have also been investing in the race. The Atlantic reported that the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has sent staffers to the sixth district to help get out the vote and run focus groups to help with targeted advertising.
But for all the excitement – and the impressive polling – it is not certain that Ossoff will triumph. Georgia operates a “jungle primary” system, where all candidates are on the ballot for the first vote. If no one secures 50%, then the top two go to a run-off vote.
Eleven Republicans are on the ballot on Tuesday – possibly cannibalising the party’s vote – and a one-on-one run off might be difficult for Ossoff to win in such an established Republican district. 
Nevertheless, the fact that Trump carried the sixth district by just 2% in 2016 is giving Ossoff and his supporters hope.
“There is concern that our political leadership is not demonstrating the kind of decency, humility, compassion and patriotism that Americans expect from our leaders,” Ossoff said, in a rare moment of commentary on the current government.
“So Georgia is the first chance in the country for folks to stand up and make it clear what we expect from our leaders, and what we stand for.”



ARTICLE
The US Department of Homeland Security (DHS) is considering forcing refugees and visa applicants from seven Muslim-majority countries to hand over their login details for Facebook and other social media sites as part of a security check.
“We want to get on their social media, with passwords – what do you do, what do you say?” said the DHS secretary, John Kelly, speaking to Congress during the House committee on homeland security on Tuesday. “If they don’t want to cooperate then you don’t come in.”
The proposed security measure would be for immigrants and refugees from the countries referenced in Trump’s controversial executive order (currently blocked by a federal judge): Syria, Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen. Kelly said that under the current vetting process officials “don’t have a lot to work with” and must rely on reviewing the individual’s paperwork and asking them questions about their background. It can be particularly hard to check the backgrounds of people from “failed states” like Syria and Somalia, he said, as ongoing conflict has damaged identity record infrastructure.
“When someone says, ‘I’m from this town and this was my occupation,’ [border officials] essentially have to take the word of the individual. I frankly don’t think that’s enough, certainly President Trump doesn’t think that’s enough. So we’ve got to maybe add some additional layers,” said Kelly.
Another security measure being considered by homeland security under the Trump administration is demanding financial records. “We can follow the money, so to speak,” said Kelly. “How are you living, who is sending you money?” 
He said this could help identify “individuals who may be on the payroll of terrorist organizations”.
Immigrants from the seven countries affected by the executive order already face intense screening by homeland security.
“People from all countries nowadays go through a vetting process, particularly from parts of the worlds where there is political instability and violence, and are thoroughly checked. Refugees are the most checked of all the people,” said Ibrahim Hooper, from the Council on American-Islamic Relations.
Facebook engineer Murtadha Al-Tameemi, who was born in Iraq, last week told the Guardian that every time he returns to the US from a business trip or family visit he is subjected to up to four hours of secondary screening. 
“Sometimes they take my phone and look through my photos, my Facebook and emails, and ask about the people contacting me, or where I took a photo, or why was I in a particular location. If you don’t give them your phone they don’t let you into the country,” he said. 
Reacting to Kelly’s comments, Al-Tameemi said: “I don’t really understand how this is supposed to help. Maybe terrorists aren’t as smart as I think, but if these checks become a guaranteed and expected part of the vetting process, wouldn’t it be super easy to get around this by having a fake account that you log in to before crossing the border?”
Sophia Cope, staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, described the proposals as evidence of a “steady progression of overreach by the department”. 
“Whether border agents demand usernames and passwords to social media accounts or access apps, such searches can lead to private communications,” she said. “Such practices violate human rights norms around free speech and privacy for foreigners and implicate the constitutional rights of Americans.”
For Hooper, the proposed measure is another step towards Trump carrying out what he announced in December 2015: a complete ban of Muslim entry to the United States.
“It’s kind of a drip drip approach. Everything you do singles out Muslims for special treatment in violation of constitution. That’s what we have, what we have to deal with,” he said.
It’s not the first time homeland security has considered demanding social media passwords of visitors to the US. The Obama administration mulled, but eventually rejected, the idea in 2015. 
Instead the government adopted a watered-down policy to ask foreign visitors coming into the US under the visa waiver program – which allows people to visit the US for up to 90 days for leisure or business – to disclose their social media handles (but not passwords). 
The optional measure was designed to “provide DHS greater clarity and visibility to possible nefarious activity and connections by providing an additional tool set which analysts and investigators may use”.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s administration was warned by the justice department about national security adviser Michael Flynn’s communications with Russia, the Associated Press has reported, adding to questions about the senior aide’s future.
Hours after the White House said the president was “evaluating” allegations that Flynn lied about secret communications with Russia and misled the vice-president, Mike Pence, sources familiar with the situation were cited by the Associated Press as saying the Trump administration was aware “for weeks” of a justice department warning that Flynn might be vulnerable to Russian blackmail.
The Washington Post first reported on the DoJ’s warning, which came in late December from then acting attorney general Sally Yates. 
Yates was fired by Trump in January after she refused to defend his travel ban. According to the Post, Yates’s concerns that Flynn lied about the nature of his communications with Russia were shared by James Clapper, the outgoing director of national intelligence, and John Brennan, then the director of the CIA.
The allegations come as Trump’s administration faces widespread calls from Democrats to fire Flynn from his post. Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said on Monday that the president was “evaluating the situation”. 
“He is speaking to Vice-President Pence relative to the conversation he had with General Flynn and also speaking to various other people about what he considers the single most important subject there is: our national security,” Spicer told reporters at the White House.
 Spicer also made clear to reporters that “the statement is what the president’s current thinking is”.
But the noncommittal update appeared to conflict with remarks made moments earlier by White House counselor Kellyanne Conway. “General Flynn has the full confidence of the president,” she told reporters.
The confusion was seized on by observers including David Axelrod, former strategist for Barack Obama. “Judging from WH statements this afternoon, @POTUS either has ‘full confidence in Flynn’ or he is ‘evaluating the situation’. Is that clear?” he tweeted.
Earlier Trump sidestepped questions over the issue during a brief press conference with the Canadian prime minister, Justin Trudeau. Standing beside Trudeau, the president took only two questions from certain American media: the conservative Sinclair Broadcast Group, which reportedly struck a deal for better coverage with his election campaign in 2016, and rightwing website the Daily Caller.
Neither asked about the controversy swirling around Flynn, a fierce champion of Trump during the election campaign. White House officials have been reviewing the former general’s contacts with Russia before Trump took office and whether he discussed the possibility of lifting US sanctions on the country. This could potentially be in violation of a law banning private citizens from engaging in foreign policy.
Flynn, a former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, had initially denied discussing sanctions with the Russian ambassador, Sergei Kislyak, during the transition. Pence went before TV cameras to repeat the denial and defend Flynn.
But last week, when reports suggested that sanctions may indeed have been discussed, Flynn conceded he could not remember with 100% certainty. Pence is said to be troubled by the possibility that he was misled.
The controversy comes as the White House deals with national security problems including North Korea’s reported ballistic missile launch, new tensions with Iran and a military raid in Yemen that did not go to plan. The national security council is said to be in disarray as it adapts to Trump’s inexperience and Twitter habit.
Trump made reference to North Korea during Monday’s press conference, promising: “We will deal with that very strongly.”
The president spent the weekend at his private club in Florida with the Japanese prime minister, Shinzō Abe, where questions were raised over his handling of classified information after social media posts showed him and Abe sitting with aides in a public dining room at the Mar-a-Lago estate following North Korea’s missile test.
However, Spicer insisted to reporters that the only discussion in the dining room focused on logistics for an upcoming press statement and that Trump was insisting that it take place at his private club and not a nearby Hampton Inn.
Democrats, eager to probe Trump’s alleged links to Russia, which intelligence agencies concluded worked to damage his election rival Hillary Clinton, have called for Flynn’s dismissal. Nancy Pelosi, the House minority leader, said on Monday: “Michael Flynn’s conduct was alarming enough before his secret communications with the Russians were exposed. Now we have a national security adviser who cannot be trusted not to put Putin before America.”
Despite the controversy, Spicer told reporters that Flynn had been performing all “his daily functions” of his job as national security adviser.
Flynn could be the first major casualty of the fledgling administration but others may soon follow. The White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, and press secretary Spicer are also subjects of whispering campaigns less than a month after Trump moved into the Oval Office. 
Politico reported that Trump has told several people that he is “particularly displeased” with Flynn and has “occasionally expressed unhappiness” to Spicer about his handling of the daily press briefing. Spicer has made false claims, displayed a short temper and become a subject of ridicule on the TV comedy show Saturday Night Live.
Priebus could also be in jeopardy after being the subject of some very public criticism, especially over the chaotic implementation of an executive order banning immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries.
Chris Ruddy, chief executive of the conservative media organisation Newsmax and a Trump confidant, hinted that Trump might remove him, the New York Times reported. “He doesn’t waste a lot of time,” Ruddy said of Trump. “If he thinks somebody is not performing, he moves pretty quickly.” However, the president expressed his complete confidence in Priebus to reporters on Monday. Trump insisted that his chief of staff was not doing a good job but, instead, a great job.
Stephen Miller, 31, senior policy adviser, is seemingly in the ascendant after being singled out for praise by the president on Twitter after aggressive TV performances on Sunday.
Miller told Face the Nation on CBS: “We have a judiciary that has taken far too much power and become in many cases a supreme branch of government.
“Our opponents, the media and the whole world will soon see as we begin to take further actions, that the powers of the president to protect our country are very substantial and will not be questioned.”
The comments appalled governance watchdogs and Democrats. Chris Coons, a senator for Delaware, said of Miller: “The idea that a senior adviser to the president would go on camera and say the president’s authority will not be questioned shows both a striking lack of understanding of the structure of our government and a complete lack of respect for judicial independence.”






ARTICLE
Donald Trump took 14 official presidential actions in his first week in office. While the actions do not have the force of law, they do represent the exercise of considerable power, setting priorities for federal agencies; guiding officials in their enforcement of the law and application of regulations; and in some cases reassigning funding within a particular agency.
The implementation of Trump’s most significant actions depends on their surviving any legal challenges and, in cases such as the construction of a border wall, winning support – and funding – from the Republican-controlled Congress. Other actions, such as those directing agencies to expedite pipeline permits or freeze hiring, take effect upon signing. 
Trump’s pace for executive actions in his first week is comparable with Barack Obama’s in January 2009. In an important sense, however, Trump is moving much more quickly than his predecessors. His executive actions are unusually ambitious, and address a large number of major policy areas, from immigration to trade to national security.
Trump may be moving too quickly. Past White Houses have coordinated the rollout of executive actions with the federal agencies in question and, where possible, with Congress. Trump has a favorable Congress, but he has not reached the point of nominating most of the deputy agency heads who would enact his policies, raising the possibility of future conflict.
Even in cases where his cabinet nominees are in place, Trump reportedly failed to coordinate on sensitive policy prescriptions. A policy applying to an international oil pipeline was reportedly not reviewed by the state department, a policy unraveling Barack Obama’s healthcare law was not fully reviewed by the department of health and human services, and a draft policy on torture was not run by the defense department or intelligence agencies.
Finally, Trump’s actions may be unusually vulnerable to legal challenge. Presidents in the past have sent major executive orders to the Office of Legal Counsel to be reviewed for form and legality. The Office of Legal Counsel in Trump’s justice department currently sits leaderless.
Here is a list of Trump’s executive actions to date:
Taking apart Obamacare. An order stating the White House intent to “repeal” Barack Obama’s healthcare law. It directs agencies to avoid imposing penalties on individuals and others who do not obtain health insurance or who otherwise contravene the law. It directs agencies to “waive, defer, grant exemptions from, or delay” other penalties, fees, taxes and costs. Health insurers, pharmaceutical companies and makers of medical devices are among those specifically protected by the order, which also directs agency heads to “encourage the development of a free and open market” for health insurance. 
Freeze on regulations. A memo temporarily banning new federal government regulations. Any approved but unpublished regulations are to be withdrawn. Published regulations yet to take effect must be postponed for 60 days.
Health aid and abortion. A memo restricting funds for global health assistance groups that provide abortion services. It reverses a memo Barack Obama signed upon taking office, which in turn reversed a memo signed by George W Bush. 
Withdrawal from TPP. A memo directing the US trade representative to “withdraw the United States as a signatory to the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), to permanently withdraw the United States from TPP negotiations, and to begin pursuing, wherever possible, bilateral trade negotiations to promote American industry, protect American workers, and raise American wages”.
Federal hiring freeze. A memo imposing a freeze on the hiring of federal civilian employees “across the board in the executive branch”. Does not apply to the military. It calls for a long-term plan to reduce the federal workforce “through attrition”.
Dakota Access pipeline. A memo reopening a nearly completed project to build a crude oil pipeline from North Dakota to Illinois. The pipeline was stopped after sustained protests by Native American groups, who said the pipeline crossed sacred land and threatened to contaminate a tribe’s water supply. In December, the US army corps of engineers denied a permit for the pipeline to drill under the Missouri river. Trump’s memo directs the army corps to revisit that denial and to approve such requests. The memo also directs officials to consider past environmental reviews “as satisfying all applicable requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act”.
Shelving regulations to expedite infrastructure. An order directing agencies to expedite environmental reviews “for all infrastructure projects” and establishing seven priority infrastructure areas including pipelines. 
Keystone XL pipeline. A memo reopening a project to build a tar sands oil pipeline linking Alberta, Canada, and the Gulf coast, which was rejected by Obama after grassroots environmentalist opposition. Trump’s memo invites the firm behind the pipeline to resubmit its construction application and tells the state department to review the application quickly. 
US steel for US pipes. A memo directing the commerce department to develop a plan to use steel made entirely in the United States for all pipeline projects.
Expedite new manufacturing facilities. A memo directing officials to expedite the review and approval of proposed new manufacturing facilities, and to survey manufacturers about the regulatory burdens they face. Also seeks to streamline the federal permitting process for domestic manufacturing. 
Attack on sanctuary cities. An order denying federal funds to “sanctuary cities” – more than 400 cities and counties that offer some form of safe haven to America’s 11 million undocumented migrants. The order instructs the Department of Homeland Security to publish a weekly list of so-called “criminal actions” committed by undocumented migrants and publicly announce which jurisdictions had previously “ignored or otherwise failed” to detain the accused individuals. It calls for support for victims of crimes committed by “removable aliens” and demands reporting on the immigration status of all federal prisoners.
Build a border wall. An order calling for the “immediate construction of a physical wall on the southern border”, for stricter enforcement of immigration laws and for speedier deportations. About 700 miles of fencing already exists along the 2,000-mile border. The order calls for a campaign for congressional funding, maybe unnecessarily; congressional Republicans say they will fund the wall, estimated to cost $12bn-$15bn upfront. The Mexican president has reiterated his refusal to pay for the wall. 
‘Extreme vetting’. Trump signed an order late Friday and described it thus: “I’m establishing new vetting measures to keep radical Islamic terrorists out of the United States of America. We don’t want ’em here. We want to be sure we are not admitting into our country the very threats our soldiers are fighting overseas. We only want to admit those into our country who will support our country and love, deeply, our people.” The published order included a 120-day suspension of the US Refugee Admissions Program; the indefinite suspension of the admission of any refugees from Syria; the capping of refugee numbers admitted in 2017 at 50,000; and severe limits on immigration from Iraq, Iran, Sudan, Syria, Libya, Somalia and Yemen, all Muslim-majority countries.
Buildup of military. Trump described another action signed late Friday whose text was not yet available: “I’m signing an executive action to begin a great rebuilding of the armed services of the United States – developing a plan for new planes, new ships, new tools, developing resources for our men and women in uniform. And I’m very proud to be doing that. Our military strength will be questioned by no one, but neither will our dedication to peace. We do want peace.” 



ARTICLE
As the partisan argument rages over the confirmation to the supreme court on Friday of Donald Trump’s nominee, Neil Gorsuch, the stakes of that argument are only now becoming clear.
Democrats had dreamed of a progressive majority on the court and accuse Republicans of “stealing” the seat, for the senate’s 10-month-long refusal to consider the nomination of Merrick Garland, Barack Obama’s final court pick. 
The Democratic filibuster that followed – a parliamentary tactic for putting off a distasteful vote – was overcome by a Republican move to change Senate rules. The episode made for the court’s most messily political moment since the 2000 presidential tiebreak. 
Now the real business begins. Justice Anthony Kennedy will swear in Gorsuch early next week, the White House said Friday. Immediately thereafter, on 13 April, Gorsuch will sit for the first time with his colleagues and participate in decisions about what cases the court will hear next.
The potential cases touch on some of the most hot-button questions in American life, including who may carry a gun in the street; whether businesses may discriminate against same-sex couples on religious grounds; and whether Republican majorities may impose statewide voting restrictions that disproportionately disenfranchise poor and minority voters.
Later this month, Gorsuch will hear arguments in his first cases as a justice, including one marquee case that experts say could reposition the line between church and state. 
Further out, Trump’s first nominee could weigh in on some of the most controversial and legally complex moves of the young administration, including Trump’s attempted bans on Syrian refugees and on visitors from select Muslim-majority countries. Both bans are subject to multiple court challenges now playing out in various districts across the country, with the potential of rising to the high court.
The likely result of Gorsuch’s presence among the justices, close observers widely agree, will be to give the court a conservative tilt, after a year in which an evenly divided court split 4-4 on touchstone issues including voting rights, public labor unions and immigration. The split rulings had the effect of leaving in place lower-court decisions.
When Trump set out to find a nominee to return the court to its full nine members, the imperative, as far as many Republicans saw it, was to come as close as possible to replacing Justice Antonin Scalia, the conservative lion whose death in February 2016 created the vacancy. A corollary need was to avoid an appointment like that of the retired justice David Souter, who often voted with the court’s liberal wing despite having been appointed by George HW Bush, a Republican.
Gorsuch, an appeals court judge based in Colorado, came with impeccable conservative credentials established by thousands of rulings, a book on euthanasia in which he discoursed on life’s intrinsic value and a personal admiration for Scalia, whose death Gorsuch said moved him to tears. Gorsuch publicly praised the late judge’s professed respect for the line separating jurisprudence and legislation, and Gorsuch’s unadorned, direct writing style has been compared to Scalia’s.
“A year ago we lost Justice Scalia, a giant, and today we are one step closer to seeing the preservation of his legacy on the Court,” Leonard Leo, an executive of the conservative Federalist Society who counseled Trump on the Gorsuch pick, said in a statement.
Gorsuch will soon have a chance to make his presence felt. Next Thursday, the supreme court is scheduled to hear arguments in Trinity Lutheran church v Comer, pitting a Missouri church against a state agency that excluded the church from a program providing recycled asphalt. The church argued that its playground, which it wanted to resurface, was open to the public in summer and thus should be eligible for state assistance. Missouri determined that as a religious institution, the church was not eligible for state-funded improvements.  
Conservative groups have framed it as a “religious freedom” case, a versatile phrase that has also been applied to demands by religious business owners that they not be required to provide services to people they object to or to provide federally mandated contraception coverage to their employees.
Gorsuch has ruled on the second issue directly, in perhaps his best-known case to date, Hobby Lobby Stores Inc v Sebelius. In that case, owners of the retail outlet sought dispensation from a requirement in Barack Obama’s healthcare law that employers provide insurance coverage for oral contraceptives for employees. Gorsuch sided with the owners in a ruling that cited the Religious Freedom Restoration Act as a “super-statute”. Elsewhere, Gorsuch has ruled sympathetically in cases involving the erection of Ten Commandments monuments in public spaces.
Gorsuch is not eligible to vote on cases in which arguments were held before he was seated. But even before hearing arguments in the Trinity Lutheran case, Gorsuch will have a chance to shape the court’s agenda. 
Next Thursday, the court will meet and potentially decide whether to hear arguments in Masterpiece Cakeshop, Ltd v Colorado civil rights commission, in which a Christian baker refused to do business with a gay couple. A lower court ruling noted that the baker “believes that decorating cakes is a form of art, that he can honor God through his artistic talents, and that he would displease God by creating cakes for same-sex marriages”.
Also awaiting a court decision on whether to hear arguments is Peruta v California, which could produce a ruling on whether the second amendment guarantees a right to carry guns outside the home, including in states where open carry is prohibited. The plaintiff in the original case was denied a permit to carry a gun, with the state saying he had not demonstrated a “good cause” required by law to do so. The plaintiff asserted that constitutional guarantees superseded such a cause. 
With Gorsuch onboard, the court might also decide whether to hear North Carolina v North Carolina State Conference of the NAACP, in which an outgoing Republican governor challenged a federal court finding that a new state voter ID law had been written to “target African Americans with almost surgical precision”. Last year, a split supreme court left the earlier ruling in place.
While Gorsuch’s views on major issues of public debate including abortion and guns are not known in as much detail, Trump said on the campaign trail that he would pick a nominee who opposed abortion rights and proposed sympathy for gun owners as a litmus test for judges.
Gorsuch appears to fit the bill on both counts. In his book on euthanasia, Gorsuch wrote: “To act intentionally against life is to suggest that its value rests only on its transient instrumental usefulness for other ends … All human beings are intrinsically valuable, and the intentional taking of human life by private persons is always wrong.”
In a ruling that argued for a new hearing for a felon convicted of firearm possession, Gorsuch articulated a philosophy of judicial restraint. “Congress could have written the law differently than it did, and it is always free to rewrite the law when it wishes,” he wrote. “But in our legal order it is the role of the courts to apply the law as it is written, not some different law Congress might have written in the past or might write in the future.”
That emphasis on restraint, along with a sense of the difficulty in predicting how a judge might rule in a future case, has led some analysts to muse that Gorsuch might diverge with Trump on questions such as the constitutionality of banning travelers from countries whose majority populations adhere to a religion that Trump as a candidate routinely impugned.
Gorsuch was asked directly about the travel ban during his confirmation hearing, but he declined comment, true to form for recent supreme court nominees. 
“Senator, he has no idea how I’d rule in that case,” Gorsuch told judiciary committee member Patrick Leahy. “And, Senator, I’m not going to say anything here that would give anybody any idea how I’d rule in any case like that that could come before the supreme court.” 



ARTICLE
The White House correspondents’ dinner is a fixture of the Washington scene, a spring event at which the cream of political journalism shares bonhomie, fine food and comedy roasting with the politicians it reports on – including the president. Under Donald Trump, however, the dinner is facing uncertainty.
Trump, who has repeatedly attacked “the very dishonest press” and accused leading news outlets of peddling “fake news” about him, is expected nonetheless to attend the dinner, at the Washington Hilton on 29 April.
Many news outlets, however, are planning to give the event a miss. The New York Times has not sent journalists to the dinner since 2008. The Guardian, which normally attends, will not be represented there this year. Jeff Mason, a Reuters journalist and president of the WHCA, has been obliged to confirm that the event will happen.
Celebrities are also choosing to spend the night elsewhere. Actors from the casts of TV political drama shows such as House of Cards, Veep and Scandal, for example, have attended in recent years. They are not expected to be present this time. And according to the Hollywood Reporter, the White House Correspondents’ Association (WHCA) has yet to secure a comedy headliner. 
One comedian, Samantha Bee, will be dining on Washington on the night of 29 April. The Full Frontal host will be debuting what she declines to call a rival party, even though it is titled Not the White House Correspondents’ Dinner and is being held on the same night at the historic Willard Hotel, a block away from the White House.
Over the years, the dinner has spawned a number of receptions and after-parties. Some of those are now being cancelled or losing co-hosts. Vanity Fair, for example, has pulled out of co-hosting a prestigious after-party, leaving Bloomberg to go it alone. The New Yorker has cancelled its curtain-raiser. It is reportedly unclear if MSNBC will hold its own traditional after-party, while ABC and Yahoo, which have previously co-hosted a pre-dinner reception, have not confirmed if they will do so this year.
“Discussions are under way … We’re just getting the ball rolling,” a source familiar with ABC’s thinking told the Guardian, while declining to elaborate.
CBS News and the Atlantic Monthly are still holding a pre-dinner reception. Christopher Isham, CBS Washington bureau chief and vice-president of news, said: “The dinner is a celebration of the first amendment and the role of a strong and independent press and has taken place for the past 89 years under both Democratic and Republican administrations. We see no reason for that to stop now.”
CNN, a favourite target for Trump, is expected to hold a Sunday brunch after the dinner and keep up a significant presence at the dinner itself. 
Whoever is eventually named as master of ceremonies for the dinner will have a chance to tease, needle or even roast the president, as Stephen Colbert famously did to a not-very amused George W Bush in 2006. And Trump will get a chance to reply in kind.
He may see a chance for revenge. Famously, in 2011 Barack Obama and TV host Seth Meyers roasted a stone-faced Trump, a guest at the dinner who was also a key champion of the widely debunked “birther” movement, which claimed Obama was not born in the US and thus ineligible to be president. 
His audience may lack familiar faces. In the past, stars such as Scarlett Johansson, Kerry Washington and the cast of Game of Thrones have been guests at the sprawling, ticketed dinner in the Hilton ballroom, which seats 2,670. This year, an unnamed Washington media executive was quoted as saying: “There will be minimal celebrities in that room … it’s going to be difficult to get any talent there.”
The gulf between the traditionally more liberal-leaning household names of show business and Trump the brash populist was evident at Trump’s inauguration in January. An open-air concert at the Lincoln Memorial the day before the inaugural celebrations was attended by Trump and his wife, Melania. It featured no A-list stars.
On the day itself, the formation dancing troupe the Rockettes were engulfed in controversy about whether members wanted to dance. One of the headliners was the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, though not all of its members were happy to perform. 
That was followed by an incendiary row between the administration and the media about the fact that the crowds were smaller at Trump’s 2017 inauguration than at Obama’s in 2008. Relations between the White House and the press have not improved since. 
Occasionally, presidents don’t turn up to the dinner. In modern times that included Richard Nixon in 1972, Jimmy Carter in 1978 and Ronald Reagan in 1981. (Reagan had recently been shot.)
Nonetheless, it is believed that a significant boycott by journalists of the White House correspondents’ dinner would be a rare event indeed.
Ultimately, should attendance prove depleted, there could be one positive for Trump to try to draw. He has repeatedly promised to “drain the swamp” of Washington. That may be a promise so far unfulfilled, as he has packed his cabinet with plutocrats and insiders, but the correspondents’ dinner has become a symbol of Washington-insider excess.
The giant, jostling and glitzy bash has come to be broadcast live, spilling over into a weekend of events at which journalists mingle with the lobbyists, politicians and corporations they are supposed to keep at arm’s length. Concurrently, many in the media have felt a growing discomfort. 
A more sober White House correspondents’ dinner is in prospect, and not just because Donald Trump is teetotal.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s comments on Sunday suggesting that a replacement for Obamacare may not arrive until 2018 coincides with crowds turning out to pressure Republicans not to scrap the system too hastily.
On the campaign trail, Trump repeatedly promised one of his first actions as president would be to simultaneously repeal and replace the landmark healthcare legislation – a plan that was heartily endorsed by Republican lawmakers.
And as recently as mid-January he told the Washington Post he was near completing a plan which would provide “insurance for everybody”, without revealing details.  
But in a Fox News interview that aired Sunday night, Trump said of replacing Obamacare: “In the process and maybe it will take till sometime into next year, but we are certainly going to be in the process. It’s very complicated.”
He continued to say it would “statutorily take a while” to get a new healthcare plan.
“We’re going to be putting it in fairly soon, I think that, yes, I would like to say by the end of the year at least the rudiments, but we should have something within the year and the following year,” Trump said. 
Trump signed an executive order to begin the process of dismantling the Affordable Care Act (ACA), one of Barack Obama’s signature achievements, hours after taking office. But as the government works to tear down the law, polls have shown it is becoming more popular the closer it gets to being repealed. 
Joe Antos, a healthcare scholar for the conservative American Enterprise Institute, said it was difficult to know whether Trump’s comments were a response to those polls, but he viewed his statements as a positive sign the administration is realizing how long it could take to implement campaign promises. 
“I’m taking the more optimistic view that they’ve been talking about what it takes to change the existing law and it’s beginning to become clearer to him and everybody else that it’s just going to take some time,” Antos said. 
Last month, Trump said a plan to repeal and replace the health law would be implemented once his pick for health and human services secretary, Georgia representative Tom Price, was sworn in. 
“It will be essentially simultaneously,” Trump said on 11 January. “The same day or the same week ... could be the same hour.”
But as that hour approaches – Price could take the office as early as this week – Trump has now steered from his plan to immediately repeal and replace. 
In recent weeks, Republican enthusiasm for repealing Obamacare has faced increasing backlash, reflected in the polls and on the streets. 
Over the weekend, Republican lawmakers faced jeering crowds at town halls in California and Florida, where constituents voiced their concerns about repealing Obamacare without a substantive alternative in place. 
California congressman Tom McClintock had to be escorted out of a town hall meeting for constituents just outside of the state’s capitol, Sacramento, after facing tough questions about the health law.
McClintock had raised his own concerns about his party’s plans in secret recordings obtained by news outlets, including the Guardian.
Repealing key provisions of the ACA would leave 32 million people without health coverage over the next decade, according to an analysis released last month by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. 
Top Senate Republicans such as Lamar Alexander, chairman of the health committee, have hesitated to support an aggressive repeal. 
On Monday, Alexander said Congress would vote to repeal and replace the ACA this year, but echoed Trump’s claims that it would be a slow process. 
“While we will vote to repeal Obamacare this year, the repeal will take effect when concrete, practical alternatives are in place,” Alexander wrote in a blogpost. 
He did not reference Trump’s comments to Fox News in the post. Last week he said: “It is more accurate to say ‘repair Obamacare’.”
Republicans have sought to repeal the health law, which has give 20 million Americans health insurance, since it first debated seven years ago.
“Nobody has any doubt that Trump wants to repeal Obamacare – the key is what is Congress doing about it?” said Dan Holler, vice-president of communications and government relations for Heritage Action for America, a conservative advocacy group.
He said there has not been a strong push by Republicans to get a repeal bill on Trump’s desk, but the delay doesn’t mean repeal won’t happen. 
“The repeal is going to happen, but the longer it drags out, the more emboldened the left becomes and the more people in the media write about how Obamacare [replacement] is being delayed,” Holler said. “None of that is good in terms of actually getting good conservative health care policy that actually empowers patients through the congressional process and onto president Trump’s desk.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump has offered a tacit endorsement of Marine Le Pen in the French presidential election, describing the far-right leader as the “strongest” candidate in the first-round vote this Sunday.
The US president told the Associated Press that although he was not “explicitly endorsing” the leader of the Front National, she was the “strongest on borders, and she’s the strongest on what’s been going on in France.”
“Whoever is the toughest on radical Islamic terrorism, and whoever is the toughest at the borders, will do well in the election,” he said. 
Typically, US presidents avoid speculation on overseas elections. But Trump suggested his opinion was no different from any other: “Everybody is making predictions on who is going to win. I’m no different than you.”
The president also said that Le Pen’s candidacy would be boosted after the fatal shooting of police officer in central Paris, which was claimed by Islamic State less than 72 hours ahead of the polls.
Earlier on Friday, Trump had tweeted about the attack’s potential impact on the vote, writing: “Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!” 
Le Pen is one of eleven candidates in a tight race. The top two candidates will advance to a runoff on 7 May.
She is currently neck-and-neck in polling for the first-round vote with the outsider centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron, closely followed by the rightwing François Fillon.
Le Pen has long praised Trump and told CNN in a November interview that his election was an inspiration to her political efforts in France. “Donald Trump has made possible what was presented as completely impossible,” said the French politician. “So it’s a sign of hope for those who cannot bear wild globalization. They cannot bear the political life led by the elites.”
Le Pen visited Trump Tower in January although she did not meet with the then-president-elect. 
However, two strongly pro-Trump Republican members of Congress – Steve King of Iowa and Dana Rohrabacher of California – met with Le Pen in France in February. She had also previously met with King in October 2016 .
Her party, the National Front, has long been of the leading far-right political organizations in Europe and stridently anti-Muslim and xenophobic. However, under Le Pen’s leadership, the party has tried to make itself slightly more palatable to voters. In 2015, it expelled Jean-Marie Le Pen, the party’s leader for three decades and father of Marine Le Pen for Holocaust denial.
Le Pen also has close ties to Russia. The National Front financed itself with a loan from a Russian bank and Le Pen has praised Vladimir Putin and has falsely claimed that Russia did not invade Crimea, the Ukrainian peninsula it has occupied since 2014.
Trump is not the only American politician to weigh in on the presidential election. On Thursday, Macron spoke to former president Barack Obama in a phone call which his campaign publicized. 
An Obama spokesman later said that the call was not intended as an explicit endorsement of Macron.



ARTICLE
Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser to Donald Trump, has come in for criticism and ridicule after blaming two Iraqi refugees for a massacre that never happened.
Conway, the US president’s former campaign manager who has frequently faced the press to defend his controversial moves, cited the fictitious “Bowling Green massacre” in an interview in which she backed the travel ban imposed on visitors from seven Muslim-majority countries.
Interviewed by Chris Matthews on MSNBC’s Hardball programme on Thursday evening, Conway compared the executive order issued by Trump in his first week in the White House to what she described as a six-month ban imposed by his predecessor Barack Obama.
This claim has been debunked by commentators who have pointed out that the 2011 action was a pause on the processing of refugees from Iraq after two Iraqi nationals were arrested over a failed attempt to send money and weapons to al-Qaida in Iraq.
Conway told Matthews: “I bet it’s brand new information to people that President Obama had a six-month ban on the Iraqi refugee program after two Iraqis came here to this country, were radicalised and they were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre.
“Most people don’t know that because it didn’t get covered.”
It didn’t get covered, many are now pointing out, because there was no such massacre.
The two Iraqi men arrested in 2011 did live in Bowling Green, Kentucky, and are currently serving life sentences for federal terrorism offences. But there was no massacre, nor were they accused of planning one. The US department of justice, announcing their convictions in 2012, said: “Neither was charged with plotting attacks within the United States.”
Analysis by the Cato Institute of terrorist attacks on US soil between 1975 and 2015 found that foreign nationals from the seven countries targeted by Trump’s travel ban – Iran, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Sudan, Libya and Somalia – have killed no Americans.
Following the Conway interview, some social media users pointed out that false rumours about a Halloween massacre had circulated in several universities, including Ohio’s Bowling Green state university, in 1998.
But the likelihood that Conway had Kentucky in mind was bolstered when that state’s senator Rand Paul also made a variation of her false claim. In a separate interview with MSNBC, Paul referred to “the attempted bombing in Bowling Green, where I live”.
Conway had already prompted astonishment by describing comments by White House spokesman Sean Spicer that Trump’s inauguration crowd “was the largest audience ever to witness an inauguration, period” as “alternative facts”.
“You’re saying it’s a falsehood, and they’re giving – Sean Spicer, our press secretary, gave alternative facts to that,” Conway told NBC last week.
Matthews did not press Conway on her Bowling Green massacre claim in the interview, and she has not yet responded to reports that she misrepresented the events of 2011.



ARTICLE
Despite his history of business and friendship with the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, oil boss Rex Tillerson gained two key supporters among Republican skeptics on Sunday. A Democratic leader, meanwhile, hinted at battles to come over Donald Trump’s extremely conservative picks to fill the government.
Two Republican members of the Senate foreign relations committee, John McCain and Lindsey Graham, announced their support for Tillerson after weeks of expressing fears about the ExxonMobil chief executive’s history with Russia.
“Though we still have concerns about his past dealings with the Russian government and President Vladimir Putin, we believe that Mr Tillerson can be an effective advocate for US interests,” the senators said in a joint statement. 
Senator Marco Rubio remains a holdout on Tillerson on the committee, which votes to approve the nomination before sending it to a larger vote on the Senate floor. Rubio has not said whether he will support Tillerson, whom he criticized sharply for failing to condemn human rights abuses in Russia, Saudi Arabia and the Philippines. 
McCain and Graham abandoned Trump in the late days of the 2016 presidential campaign, and since his election they have strongly criticized his ideas about moving away from Nato allies and toward close ties with Putin. 
On Sunday they again stated those views, saying: “We must strengthen our alliances and partnerships across the globe, and marshal them to defend our shared vision of world order.”
They said, however, that in private conversations and at the hearing, Tillerson had expressed views that “give us confidence that he will be a champion for a strong and engaged role for America in the world”.
In 2013, Tillerson was awarded an Order of Friendship medal by Putin for his work in Russia, and engineered a joint venture with Russian oil companies that is estimated to be worth hundreds of billions of dollars. 
Tillerson is also close to Igor Sechin, according to former US ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul. Sechin is a close friend of Putin, head of one of Russia’s oil giants, and subject to western sanctions.
In his confirmation hearing, Tillerson was asked whether he would call Putin a war criminal for his order to indiscriminately bomb Chechnya in the early 2000s. 
“I would not use that term,” Tillerson said. He did, however, break with Trump on a number of issues, saying that Kremlin aggression and nuclear proliferation pose real threats to the US. 
He said he acknowledged that global warming has dangers but did not see it as the immediate threat that the outgoing secretary of state, John Kerry, repeatedly expressed. He refused to answer questions about ExxonMobil’s knowledge of climate change or its lobbying to remove Russian sanctions.
The Trump administration has only nominated 28 of 690 positions that require Senate confirmation, according to the Partnership for Public Service. The Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer, hinted on Sunday of the battles to come over Trump’s more “extreme” appointments.
The Democratic leader told CNN’s State of the Union that he would for instance oppose Jeff Sessions, Trump’s pick to run the justice department. Schumer has repeatedly said he is “not confident” that the Alabama senator, based on his record, would defend American rights or act independently of the Trump White House. 
Schumer said that besides the defense secretary, James Mattis, and homeland security secretary, John Kelly – retired generals respected and approved with bipartisan support – Trump’s nominees needed “thorough review”.
Schumer also said Democrats would fight to keep the ninth seat empty on the supreme court, unless Trump nominated “someone who is mainstream and could get bipartisan support”.
“If they don’t we will fight it tooth and nail, as long as we have to,” Schumer said.
Schumer’s promise echoed that of the Senate majority leader, the Republican Mitch McConnell, who last year took the unprecedented step of completely blocking Barack Obama’s nominee for the court after the death of Antonin Scalia. 
Even before Obama nominated Merrick Garland, a veteran judge praised by Republicans, McConnell vowed to block any appointment through the November election. Earlier this month, McConnell claimed “the American people simply will not tolerate” any move by Democrats to block a Trump nominee.
“Apparently there’s yet a new standard now, which is to not confirm a supreme court nominee at all,” McConnell said.
On Sunday, McConnell said he was confident that any supreme court nominee would be approved by the Senate. 
“I believe we’ll be able to confirm the president’s entire cabinet,” he told Fox News Sunday. “There’s great enthusiasm.”
In the same interview, McConnell criticized Democrats for insisting on more debate over Mike Pompeo, Trump’s pick to lead the CIA, “for some inexplicable reason”.
Democrats have said they want to question Pompeo about his views about collecting information about American citizens and his legal standards for using a drone to kill an American citizen.
“What’s been unfortunate is that all I asked of my colleague Senator Schumer was to treat President Trump the same we treated President Obama,” McConnell said.



ARTICLE
Four years ago, Wayne LaPierre’s face was plastered across New York’s tabloid covers as a “gun nut” and a “loon”. His refusal to admit gun laws had anything to do with the Sandy Hook school massacre earned him the title of the “craziest man on earth”.
Today, LaPierre sits at the left hand of the president. Trump seems eager to flatter the National Rifle Association’s executive vice-president and CEO, the leader of the group that became one of his most loyal champions and spent more than $30m to back his candidacy. 
In his second week as president, Trump called LaPierre to the White House for a special meeting of conservative leaders. Securing a new supreme court nominee who would guard the court’s favorable rulings on gun rights had been the NRA’s highest election priority, and Trump had just delivered it. 
The president asked LaPierre to introduce himself. “Wayne, I would say they know you,” said Trump, referring to the group of conservative leaders. “Perhaps they know you better than they know me.” 
LaPierre laughed, as did others around the room. “I doubt that,” he said. 
The photograph of LaPierre and Trump turned towards each other, the president eagle-eyed and benevolent, LaPierre’s face scrunched in a wide grin, is already being used by gun violence prevention groups as a fundraising tool. 
Trump has promised to support a sweeping pro-gun agenda, and the NRA has told its members that it’s finally time for the group “to go on offense”. But LaPierre’s ascendancy marks more than a shift towards ever looser gun laws. It’s a triumph for the political strategy that LaPierre perfected, one that has frequently been derided as extreme and paranoid. 
Trump won the White House, and is now governing the country, using the same playbook as LaPierre: always attack, never apologize and treat the news media as the opposition party.
“If you want to understand some of the approach and personality of Donald Trump, I think you look at what Wayne LaPierre has been doing for a long time. He’s a little bit of a test run of what Trump been doing,” said Arkadi Gerney, a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress and longtime gun control advocate.
Asked what Trump and LaPierre have most in common, Gerney said, simply: “Lying.”
LaPierre’s spokesman, Andrew Arulanandam, declined to comment. The White House did not respond to a request for comment on the president’s relationship with the NRA.
LaPierre and other NRA leaders have long argued, even as the gun control movement has set increasingly modest aims, that Democrats’ real goal is confiscation of Americans’ firearms. LaPierre claimed that a narrow expansion of background check laws after Sandy Hook would be turned into a national registry of gun owners, something that is prohibited by federal law, and that the final background check legislation explicitly said it would not do.
“The gun lobby and its allies willfully lied about the bill,” a furious Barack Obama said after the legislation failed to advance in the Senate. “They claimed that it would create some sort of ‘big brother’ gun registry, even though the bill did the opposite. This legislation, in fact, outlawed any registry. Plain and simple, right there in the text. But that didn’t matter.”
LaPierre’s antagonism towards the mainstream media and liberal politicians is rooted in some real failings. News reporting on American gun politics is sometimes marked by condescension of and ignorance towards gun owners.
Democrats have continued to champion some anti-gun measures that have little evidence behind them. The assault weapon ban, for instance, is a symbolic policy that even a senior Obama administration admitted would be unlikely to save many lives.
But for decades, LaPierre has also pushed an apocalyptic view of the United States as besieged by terrorists and violent criminals. Trump and his administration have embraced a similar dark vision of “American carnage”, which runs counter to crime data that show decades of increasing safety and declining violence. Trump has seized on a real recent uptick in murders as a devastating development. His new attorney general suggested this week, to the astonishment of America’s crime experts, that he believes the increase is a “dangerous permanent trend”.
Like Trump, LaPierre has been criticized by liberals as a power-player who rakes in millions by fearmongering and railing against the establishment. Both men have been painted by the left as manipulators who fail to represent the true interests of their base, a view undermined by their continued popularity. 
When confronted with the dark side of America’s gun culture, LaPierre has gone on the offensive. Days after the Sandy Hook shooting in December 2012, which left 26 students and educators dead, LaPierre’s combative pro-gun press conference was widely derided as tone deaf and out of touch. In response to 20 first-graders being shot to death by a disturbed young man with a military-style rifle, LaPierre denied that guns were the problem. “The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun,” he told a room packed with reporters. 
LaPierre slammed “our nation’s refusal to create an active national database of the mentally ill”, and put the blame for the shooting on violent video games and Hollywood films, not the easy access to guns by deeply disturbed young men. To respond to the country’s mass shooting problem, he proposed a program to put armed police officers in every school in America. 
LaPierre almost dared the room of reporters to respond to his speech with “shocking headlines”, and they did. One Republican commentator called the speech “very haunting and very disturbing”. Chris Christie, then a potential Republican presidential contender, told a reporter: “I don’t necessarily think having an armed guard outside every classroom is conducive to a positive learning environment.” Billionaire gun control advocate Michael Bloomberg slammed LaPierre for offering a “paranoid, dystopian vision of a more dangerous and violent America where everyone is armed and no place is safe”.
Despite the political fallout from this speech, the NRA would ultimately win out in the battle to block new federal gun control laws after Sandy Hook – a victory that cemented the group’s political influence, and its status as one of the most hated organizations for the left. 
Over the next years, despite a steady drumbeat of mass shootings, Congress refused to pass any new gun control legislation. Obama would continue to call out the NRA for pushing “conspiracy” and “the imaginary fiction in which Obama’s trying to take away your guns”, as he put it in 2016. He told a CNN town hall that year that he had repeatedly invited the NRA to speak with him, “but the conversation has to be based on facts and truth”. The NRA had simply declined to participate in the televised conversation about guns in America.
Under previous Republican presidents, the NRA had been in the good graces of the White House. In 2000, an NRA official claimed that the group was so close with George W Bush that if he won, “we’ll have a president where we work out of their office – unbelievably friendly relations.”
But LaPierre’s fierce anti-government rhetoric has at times alienated some Republican leaders. In 1995 LaPierre sent out a fundraising letter about the threat of “jack-booted government thugs”, a letter that came shortly before anti-government extremists carried out a terror attack in Oklahoma City. In response, former President George HW Bush publicly resigned from the NRA. 
“Your broadside against federal agents deeply offends my own sense of decency and honor; and it offends my concept of service to country,” the elder Bush wrote. “It indirectly slanders a wide array of government law enforcement officials, who are out there, day and night, laying their lives on the line for all of us.” 
LaPierre later apologized, saying the words were misunderstood. 
With Trump, the NRA is once again celebrating the optics of being a key ally of the White House. Trump came to the presidential campaign with little record as a gun rights champion. He once supported a ban on assault weapons. But NRA leaders endorsed him early, and stood with him through a careening candidacy that included his claim that “second amendment people” might be able to stop Hillary Clinton from appointing supreme court judges if she were elected, an offhand comment widely interpreted as a threat of violence or assassination. 
“We saw through the media deception, and recognized him for who he was: the most openly pro-second amendment presidential candidate in history,” LaPierre said in a recent video address to members. 
“They made a bet on an extreme candidate, and it paid off,” Gerney said. 
Gun control advocates are now sharing the photograph of LaPierre in the White House to rally their supporters for the coming fight over more expanded, permissive gun laws. After Sandy Hook, LaPierre “lied to the faces of grieving Americans and tried to convince them that the only thing capable of keeping them safe is a gun”, Senator Chris Murphy, a Connecticut Democrat and one of Congress’s most vocal gun control supporters, said in a statement. “That has never been true and it will never be true. 
“When you exaggerate and you mislead people and you fearmonger and you intensify people’s beliefs and divide people,” that strategy “may overwhelm a more disorganized, better-informed majority perspective”, said Gerney, the longtime gun control advocate.
“But, at some point, if the more diverse majority coalition can coalesce, then you may have discredited yourself from being at the table.” 



ARTICLE
 
Fourteen-year-old Dhakhil had been so badly injured at an Iraqi refugee camp that physicians thought his leg would need to be amputated. But thanks to a team of surgeons in Boston, the Yazidi teenager will be able to walk again.
The operation to repair Dhakhil’s badly shattered leg nearly didn’t happen because of Donald Trump’s executive order on immigration. 
“He arrived 48 hours before the ban,” Carrie Schuchardt, Dhakhil’s caretaker in the US, told the Guardian. “And we know if he had come to [Boston’s] Logan airport on the Friday instead of the Wednesday, there is a good chance he would have been turned away. He would have lost his leg, possibly his life.”
On 27 January, Trump banned refugees and people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the US. People who were banned included dozens of patients who had been screened and were set to receive urgent medical care at the country’s top hospitals.
The White House didn’t show the federal agencies that oversee immigration the order before it was signed into law, causing chaos at airports around the world. The order was temporarily stayed the next night, but confusion lingered until an appellate court blocked enforcement of the order last week.
That court’s decision may have saved lives.
Before the travel ban was halted, the Cleveland Clinic said it had nine patients scheduled to travel from the affected countries to the US for medical care, while Johns Hopkins had at least 11 patients scheduled to receive treatment who were affected by the ban.
“These are very, very ill patients,” Pamela Paulk, president of Johns Hopkins Medicine International, told Stat, a US health news website. “In most cases, these are not cases to be postponed.”
In a statement, the Mayo Clinic medical facility said: “We have several patients who would have needed to cancel or delay their appointments at Mayo Clinic if the order had not been challenged by the courts.”
The Mayo Clinic said that it also knew of 80 staff, physicians and scholars affiliated with the medical system who were affected by the order. “We have brought expertise from legal, government relations and human resources to help with individual cases as needed,” the statement said.
The hospitals would not disclose the status of the patients on Tuesday.
This is, in part, because of the uncertainty about the White House’s next move on immigration. The administration supports strict immigration policies and has said it will challenge the court order blocking its travel ban. 
White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said the administration was “reviewing all of our options in the court system” to win the legal battle, and Trump said he was considering a “brand new” executive order on immigration.
Trump’s sweeping travel ban included members of the Yazidi religious minority in Iraq, who were subjected to what the United Nations classified as genocide when Isis militants overran their homes in northern Iraq in the summer of 2014, killing and enslaving thousands of women and girls.
Many Yazidis, such as Dhakhil, still live in refugee camps, where there is rarely electricity, limiting access to surgical care. The limited resources in the camps can make it difficult to adequately treat everything from broken bones to chronic conditions.
American hospitals have helped these refugees and countless others abroad who have limited access to high-quality medical care.
Schuchardt, who with her husband, John, has housed hundreds of refugees in Massachusetts at the House of Peace, is alarmed by the prospect of a new immigration executive order.
For the past 10 years, most of the refugees housed at House of Peace have been children from war zones in the Middle East who are scheduled to receive medical treatment in Boston hospitals. 
House of Peace has welcomed children who lost limbs in car bombings, incurred serious burns in other explosions and suffered depleted uranium poisoning in Fallujah. The children often have to return to the US multiple times for follow-up burn treatment or to get new prosthetics. 
Schuchardt said the children return to refugee camps or towns in war zones with a message: “In America, there is healing.”
But because of the uncertainty about the administration’s immigration policy plans, staff at House of Peace are worried about two young girls from Iraq and Syria who travelled to Massachusetts for burn treatment last year and will need to return for further care. “We’re deeply concerned that they won’t be allowed back in,” she said. 
Schuchardt hopes the messages resonated at a meeting with congressional staffers on Tuesday afternoon in Washington DC. She spoke at the briefing, which was sponsored by Senator Richard Blumenthal and hosted by Amnesty International, Church World Service and Human Rights First to show the impact of the travel ban. 
Schuchardt was encouraged by travel ban protests and thought it was possible that citizens’ concern about other people’s suffering could “overcome what is coming out of Washington at this point”. 
“We really feel a surge of conscience in this country that we haven’t experienced in a very long time,” she said. 
 
Next week, House of Peace will welcome a Yazidi boy, Dilbreen. He has been in the US without his family for months after receiving treatment for burns he suffered after a heater exploded in the Iraqi refugee camp where he was staying.  
His father traveled to the US for his son’s first round of treatment – when Schuchardt met the family – but had to return to Iraq for the birth of Dilbreen’s brother, who was named Trump in honor of his election night birth.
Dilbreen stayed with a Yazidi community in Michigan while waiting for his next treatment at Shriner’s Hospital in Boston, but his parents were prevented from entering the country and doctors had to postpone a critical eye surgery because they could not enter. “They were suffering enormous grief that they would not see Dilbreen again,” Schuchardt said.
But last week, after sustained protest and the courts’ intervention, the family was called to the American consulate, where they all received visas, even the new baby. 
They are set to travel to Boston next week. 



ARTICLE
Federal officers detained more than 160 people in raids around the Los Angeles area this week, raising fears in immigrant communities around the country as parallel operations swept up scores more around the country.
On Friday, Immigrations and Customs Enforcement (Ice) officials confirmed five-day “surge operations” in south-eastern states and southern California, saying that the majority of the people arrested were men with prior criminal convictions. Officials described the raids as “routine” and said they would have final statistics about how many people were arrested on Monday.
David Marin, the field office director for Ice in Los Angeles, said the operation was planned before Barack Obama left office, and that the majority of the people arrested had felony convictions. He conceded that some of the people were detained during the raids because they did not have immigration papers, but pushed back against reports that Ice officials had barred attorneys from detained migrants.
“If there were circumstances where this really did occur, we will look into it and do whatever is necessary to rectify the situation,” Marin said. He compared the raids to operations during the Obama administration, for instance when more than 200 were arrested over four days in 2015, and more than 100 over four days last year.
Raids and mass detentions were tools that Obama frequently reached for from 2009 to 2017, and he deported at least 2.4 million people, more than any previous president. But the first operations of Donald Trump’s presidency fanned fears around the country that his promised plan to deport millions of undocumented people had begun. 
Rumors quickly spread about raids, angering Marin, who said the stories endangered migrants and officers. “Reports about purported Ice checkpoints and random sweeps are false, dangerous, and irresponsible. These reports create panic.”
Attorneys and activists said they had heard a great deal of panic from immigrants, and that circumstances were extremely unclear on the ground. “It’s all kind of swirly right now,” said Robert Painter, executive director at American Gateways, an Austin-based legal advocacy firm. 
“We’ve been hearing accounts for the past couple days about Ice officers popping up at different points, Taco Bells and grocery store parking lots, wearing plain clothes and driving unmarked cars, but this is unverified, coming from clients and attorneys.
“There’s certainly something going on, but I can’t speak to the scope of the action.”
Painter said that one of the many unknown details is whether Ice is still prioritizing people with exit orders and criminal histories, or whether the agency has expanded the net of people targeted for deportation. “This is the largest action I’ve seen in three years I’ve been working in Austin,” he said. “It feels different than anything I’ve seen.”
He said that worried calls had inundated his office, but that all attorneys could do at the moment was remind clients of their constitutional rights and “get them thinking about safety plans, access to documents, who’s going to take care of the children”.
Similarly, Bob Libal, executive director of the advocacy group Grassroots Leadership, said the organisation had received a barrage of calls in past 24 hours. He estimated at least 25 people had been arrested, and said it was unclear where the arrestees had been taken.
“This certainly seems like retaliation against a community that has stood up to for its immigrant members,” Libal said, suggesting the raids were deliberately focused on Austin due to its “sanctuary” status, an informal category of cities with lenient policies toward migrant. Trump signed executive orders last month threatening such cities, which include Los Angeles, New York, Chicago and Philadelphia, over the policies.
In Los Angeles, Angelica Salas, the executive director for the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights (Chira), warned that the raids were a sign of future anti-immigrant campaigns. “This is what sweeps, or coordinated actions, look like,” she told reporters.
In a statement, she directly blamed the president, saying, “these sweeps are directly linked to President Trump’s ‘new normal’ where criminalizing and dehumanizing immigrants is convenient to violate their due process and facilitate their deportation.”
Salas called for Ice to detail the convictions history of the people detained, and to stop its operations. “For Ice, the arrest, detention, and deportation of more than 160 members of our community is business as usual,” she said. “It is not for us and we will fight tooth and nail to stop them.”
In a conference call with reporters on Friday, advocates from three groups estimated that hundreds of people had been detained, and that some had been deported.
“We cannot understate the level of panic and terror that is running through many immigrant communities,” said Walter Barrientos, a spokesman for Make the Road New York. Barrientos said that in some cases Ice officials had detained people who do not have criminal records or who could not prove citizenship.
The activists said that they had heard reports of other raids in major cities in Texas, Virginia, North Carolina – such as Dallas, Alexandria and Charlotte – as well as counties with large immigrant populations in Florida, New York and other states.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump has accused former president Barack Obama and his “people” of organizing the demonstrations that have roiled city streets, airports and town halls during the first weeks of his presidency.
In an interview with Fox and Friends, which aired on Tuesday morning in the US, the president also suggested Obama and his allies were behind the leaks of classified information from the White House to the press.
There is no evidence that the former president has had any hand in either activity.
Trump was asked by the Fox interviewer whether he believed Obama was involved in organizing protests, including the recent spate of raucous Republican town hall meetings, and “if he is, is that a violation of the so-called unsaid president’s code?”
“No, I think he is behind it. I also think it’s just politics. That’s just the way it is,” Trump said in the pre-taped interview, a portion of which was released on Monday night.
Trump continued: “You never know what’s exactly happening behind the scenes … I think that President Obama’s behind it because his people are certainly behind it.”
Republicans and rightwing media outlets have accused the former president of directing the demonstrations though a group called Organizing for Action (OFA), a progressive group that grew out of Obama’s presidential campaigns. It is chaired by Jim Messina, who was Obama’s deputy chief of staff during his first term and his campaign manager during the 2012 election.
As a nonprofit, the group cannot advocate for a political candidate, though its agenda aligns closely with the Democratic party and Obama’s key policy positions. There is no evidence the former president is personally involved with the group.
Last week, Republicans faced angry constituents in town halls and district offices around the country. The action follows protests that erupted at airports in response to the Trump administration’s travel ban, which closed the US borders to people from seven predominantly Muslim countries.
In the interview with Fox, Trump accused Obama and his allies of possible involvement in the leaks of information from the White House.
“Some of the leaks possibly come from that group,” Trump said in the interview.
“You know, some of the leaks – which are really very serious leaks because they’re very bad in terms of national security – but I also understand that’s politics and it will probably continue.”
It is extremely rare for a former president to criticize his successor while in office.
Last month, Obama spoke out against Trump’s travel ban. In a statement, a spokesman said Obama was “heartened by the level of engagement taking place in communities around the country” and that the former president “fundamentally disagrees with the notion of discriminating against individuals because of their faith or religion”.
In the Fox interview, Trump further disparaged Obama’s immigration policy, saying the former president had “deported a lot of people”, in contrast to his own administration’s stepped-up deportation measures, which were focusing on “a very bad group”.
Earlier this month, in Texas, a woman was arrested by immigration officials at a courthouse where she was seeking protection from domestic violence. In a separate case, a Salvadoran woman fighting deportation was removed by immigration officials from a Texas hospital where she was being treated for a brain tumor and returned to a detention centre.
In response to a question about whether there was a method behind his recent spate of Twitter attacks, Trump reiterated his criticism of John McCain. The senator had been critical of the Trump administration’s operation in Yemen last month, which resulted in the death of a US Navy Seal.
“I felt badly when a young man dies and John McCain said it was a bad mission … I thought it was inappropriate that he goes to foreign soil and he criticizes our government,” Trump said on Fox, cautioning the Arizona senator to “be careful”.
Trump also insisted to Fox that his Twitter feed allowed him “to go around dishonest media”, a theme repeated in an exclusive interview with Breitbart News, the controversial far-right media outlet formerly run by his chief White House strategist Steve Bannon.
The president specifically criticized the New York Times, alleging that the newspaper’s “intent is so evil and so bad” in its coverage of him.
“I call them the failing New York Times and they write lies. They write lies. Nobody would know that,” Trump said of the Times.
Additional reporting by Adam Gabbatt.



ARTICLE
The Republican congressman Steve King applauded the far-right Dutch politician Geert Wilders on Sunday, using Twitter to write an apparent rejection of immigrant children in the United States and Europe.
“Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny,” the Iowa representative wrote, linking to another tweet in praise of Wilders, who has espoused anti-immigrant and anti-Muslim rhetoric, and last month called Moroccans “scum”. “We can’t restore our civilization with somebody else’s babies,” King wrote.
David Duke, a former leader of the Ku Klux Klan, quickly tweeted his approval, writing “God bless Steve King” in all capital letters.
King was first elected to Congress in 2002 and represents a solidly Republican district in north-western Iowa, where both he and Donald Trump received over 60% of the vote in 2016. 
The Iowa Republican has aligned himself with the European far right before. He met the French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen with fellow a Republican congressman, Dana Rohrabacher, last month in Paris. In September, he posted a photo of himself with Wilders and wrote: “Cultural suicide by demographic transformation must end.”
In October, King deleted a retweet about Britain’s decision to leave the EU and, in December, expressed his condolences about the loss of the far-right Freedom party in the Austrian presidential election.
King’s tweet follows a televised tirade on MSNBC in July asking what non-white “subgroups” had contributed to society.
 
King has long been one of the most vociferously anti-immigration members of the House Republican caucus and is known for his controversial rhetoric on the subject. In 2013, King said that for every valedictorian whose parents were undocumented immigrants, “there’s another 100 out there who weigh 130lb and they’ve got calves the size of cantaloupes because they’re hauling 75lb of marijuana across the desert.” The Iowa Republican has also compared immigrants to dogs and called illegal immigration a “slow-rolling, slow-motion terrorist attack on the United States.”

This week, King urged Trump to “purge” all of Barack Obama’s political appointees from government service.
“I will use the word purge,” he said. “I’ve used it over the last few days. I think that needs to happen. I think it’s a descriptive word that fits well within the English language, and I know there are people that will attach extra meaning to that. I don’t know a better word to use.”



ARTICLE
With a historic tie-breaking vote by the vice-president, Mike Pence, Betsy DeVos was confirmed as secretary of education on Tuesday in the closest Senate vote so far for one of Donald Trump’s cabinet nominees.
The Republican mega-donor’s confirmation came despite a desperate last-ditch show of defiance by Democrats, who forced  an all-night session of the Senate. 
But on Tuesday, as two Republicans, Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, joined all 48 Democrats in opposing DeVos’s nomination, the Senate was tied 50-50. In his constitutional role as president of the Senate, Pence broke the tie in favor of DeVos. It represented the 245th tie-breaking vote by a vice-president in the history of the United States – and the first on a cabinet nomination.
Pence did not appear in the Senate chamber until the vote had almost finished. Then, reading from a script on the dais, the vice-president announced his tie-breaking vote for DeVos’s nomination. After some impromptu coaching to help Pence through his first time presiding over the chamber, the vice-president left the chamber and was replaced in the chair by Ted Cruz, who presided over a rapidly emptying chamber.
The vote was scheduled so that it would precede consideration of Senator Jeff Sessions’ nomination to be attorney general. If Sessions had been confirmed first, he would have been forced to resign his Senate seat and would have been unable to vote for DeVos, which would have torpedoed her nomination.
DeVos has faced a vast grassroots campaign against her as the Capitol switchboard has been inundated with phone calls. A longtime charter school activist, she originally received warm support from many anti-Trump figures in the Republican establishment such as Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney. However, she became a center of controversy during her turbulent confirmation hearing where she struggled to answer simple questions about education policy and suggested that guns be allowed in schools to ward off bear attacks. 
Her performance led Democrats to deride her in stark terms. The Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer, slammed DeVos on the Senate floor on Monday. “Cabinet secretaries can’t be expected to know everything. But this is different,” said Schumer. “The nominee for secretary of education doesn’t know some of the most basic facts about education policy.”
After the vote, he tweeted:
As a political activist and philanthropist, DeVos has spent decades lobbying to expand charter schools and voucher programs, which allow public funds to pay tuition at private and religious schools.
Her family spent millions advancing Pence’s voucher program in Indiana. On Fox News on Sunday, Pence called it a “high honor” to cast the deciding vote in her confirmation.
Yet DeVos has never held public office or worked as an educator. She never attended public school nor did she send her children to public schools. Opponents say her lack of experience is unprecedented.
In one exchange at her confirmation hearing, Senator Al Franken of Minnesota asked DeVos whether test scores should measure a student’s proficiency or their growth over time – an argument at the center of the education reform debate. DeVos appeared unfamiliar with the distinction.
“It surprises me that you don’t know this issue,” Franken said.
In another exchange, DeVos appeared confused about a federal civil rights law protecting students with disabilities and suggested it was an issue best left to individual states.
The New Hampshire senator Maggie Hassan, a Democrat whose son has cerebral palsy, asked DeVos if she understood it was already federal law. “I may have confused it,” DeVos conceded.
She also would not commit to upholding guidance issued by the Obama administration to combat sexual assault on campus.
DeVos’s performance in her confirmation hearing had evidently alienated some senators. Maine Republican Susan Collins told reporters that “the major factor” in her no vote was “Mrs Devos’s performance at her hearing”. Specifically, Collins cited the new education secretary’s “lack of familiarity with the Individuals with Disability Education Act”.
Collins also seemed to criticize DeVos for being far too focused on the issue of vouchers at the expense of other issues affecting public education. “It’s clear to me Mrs DeVos sees education through the lens of someone who is a very strong advocate for vouchers and charter schools,” said Collins. “That is important when you are facing a city with failed schools like DC or Detroit but in my state public schools are the heart and soul of communities.”
After the vote, Democrats seemed to be viewing Pence’s appearance as an accomplishment. Dick Durbin, the No 2 Democrat in the Senate noted that this was “the first time in history that a nominee for a cabinet position could only reach that position with a vote by a vice-president”. That “doesn’t speak well of [Trump’s] choices” for cabinet, he said, adding that the tie vote meant DeVos was “not the right person for the job by the vote of the Senate”. Durbin added that her confirmation came “at a price which no other nominee has paid so it comes with an asterisk”.
In contrast, Republicans shrugged off the tie-breaking vote. When asked if Pence’s presence amounted to a moral victory for Democrats, Tim Scott of South Carolina said: “It’s kind of like asking me was it a moral victory for Atlanta Falcons to win the first half [in Sunday’s Super Bowl, which they eventually lost]. I reckon I am going to count the votes and see if you get to 51.” Scott did, however, see some benefit from the confirmation fight as the “start of a necessary conversation” on education, which he described “as the biggest issue of the day and perhaps of the year”.
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said the fact Pence had to be dragged in to break Democrats’ “historic and partisan logjam” was “another glaring reminder of the unprecedented obstruction that Senate Democrats have engaged in in this process”.
Noting the slow pace of other cabinet nominee confirmations, he accused Senate Democrats of “childish tactics” that ignored voters’ desire to see change in Washington.
He added: “Democrats have stalled over and over again ... It’s interesting that we’re focusing on two Republicans when you look at the spectrum of tactics by Democrats ... It’s not Republicans that have a problem; it’s Democrats that continue to do this.”
Trump hailed his nominee’s confirmation in a tweet:
Additional reporting by David Smith



ARTICLE
So now we know that President Trump and his press secretary are strict followers of Marx – not Karl, but Groucho.
For it was Groucho Marx’s character – impersonated for that scene by brother Chico – who asked, in the 1933 classic Duck Soup, “Who are you going to believe, me or your own eyes?” In his first appearance at the podium as White House press secretary on Saturday, Sean Spicer adhered to that same Marxist doctrine by demanding that the media ignore the clear evidence of their own eyes, as well as photographs and video footage, and instead believe Trump’s claim that he had drawn record-breaking crowds to his inauguration ceremony the previous day. Or to be precise, “the largest audience to ever witness the inauguration – period. Both in person and around the globe.”
Every possible data point – TV ratings, stats for use of the Washington Metro system, expert crowd analysis – confirms that to be false. So why would Spicer and his boss launch a new administration with such an obvious, disprovable falsehood?
Its immediate effect has been to turn Spicer into a laughing stock, a White House counterpart to the spokesman for Saddam Hussein, forever known as Comical Ali, who famously insisted to reporters that Baghdad was safely in the dictator’s hands even as live pictures showed the city had been overrun. The social media memes have been instant, typified by an imaginary Spicer briefing that the passengers of the Titanic had a fabulous voyage and cannot wait to re-board the ship for its return voyage to Southampton.
Earlier this month, Spicer himself said that “I’ve never lied … if you lose the respect and trust of the press corp, you’ve got nothing.” It’s not as if he was not aware of the risks. So why do it?
The first and most obvious explanation is that Spicer was simply following the orders of his boss, who made a similar brag to the agents of the CIA when he visited their Langley headquarters on Saturday. The clearest sign that Trump has not made the transition from reality TV star to head of government is his ongoing obsession with TV ratings. On Sunday morning he was at it again, tweeting about his viewing figures. And his account of his CIA visit could not help but include a boast that he had a “packed house” that gave him “long standing ovations”.
The larger point is that Spicer wanted to issue a declaration of war against the press, because that is what Trump intends to pursue. The media has become his defining enemy, taking the place of Hillary Clinton as the glue that might bind his supporters. Whatever his own failings to come, he can always get the base riled up in their hatred of the mainstream media. As Evan McMullin, the conservative who ran against Trump as an independent, put it, these repeated attacks on the press are “intended to destroy the media’s ability to hold him accountable”.
We should also listen closely to those commentators raised under authoritarian regimes. They note that leaders in that mould often spread falsehoods, or at least try to make facts seems hazy and unknowable. If a chunk of the population are not sure what’s true and what’s not, their willingness to fight back is weakened. They are more likely to greet each new and deteriorating development with a shrug of confusion: “Who knows?”
More darkly still, the authoritarian regards telling the population lies to be a test of strength. The Trump White House will now watch closely to see who repeats Spicer’s falsehoods without protest and who objects. Among the media, the former will be rewarded and the latter punished.
But it’s even more basic than that. Authoritarian strongmen crave control. If they can control what you believe – even make you believe that black is white and night is day – then their power over you is total. Not for nothing did George Orwell’s 1984 have the omnipotent Party persuade Winston Smith that if a Party official said he was holding up five fingers, then he really was holding up five – even if Smith could only see four.
When a press secretary tells you a crowd reached all the way to the Washington Monument, even when every witness and photograph says otherwise, this tells you what game the Trump administration intends to play. Note the way Spicer took no questions and described the reception given to Trump by those CIA employees as “ecstatic”. This is a style of press briefing that is less Washington than Pyongyang.
The press now has a choice to make. It can pretend that this approach is normal and cover this White House in the normal way. Or it can change its approach. To its great credit, CNN did not broadcast the Spicer briefing live but showed extracts afterwards, together with context and fact-checking. That seems a wise precedent. Either way, Donald Trump has signalled – yet again – that he is ready to break the norms associated with democratic societies. And he’s done it on day one.



ARTICLE
She holds no formal title in the White House but in just 50 days has become one of the most prominent public faces of the Trump administration.
Ivanka Trump has been assigned many unofficial roles while walking the halls of the West Wing. She has been called the de facto first lady and a calming influence against the more bombastic traits of her father. Officials in the White House hail her as the potential force behind policies to address women in the workplace.
Ivanka is no stranger to the spotlight, having evolved over the years from teenage model to Manhattan socialite and entrepreneur. But as she navigates the transition to holding a seat at the most powerful table in America, the elder daughter of Donald Trump is cultivating a reputation as a potential moral compass, creating at least the perception that she might be able to rein in some of the more extreme policies of the administration.
The question, observers say, is whether Ivanka can forge a path that ultimately proves impactful in shaping policy – or if she is relegated to provide window dressing for her father’s hardline approach. 
“She’s the only person that I believe Donald Trump consistently listens to,” said Liz Mair, a Republican strategist. “I don’t think that there’s anybody in the world who substitutes for his daughter and her husband as a sort of proxy.”
The emerging dominance of Ivanka and husband Jared Kushner, who was appointed a senior adviser to the president, was evident before the new administration was even formed. 
Just nine days after the election, there they sat, alongside Donald Trump and the Japanese prime minister, Shinzo Abe, in Trump Tower at the president-elect’s first meeting with a foreign leader. The backlash was swift, particularly as reports surfaced that Ivanka was in the midst of closing a business deal for her clothing line in Japan. 
The moment marked the first of many debates over whether her proximity to the Oval Office is designed to propel the brand she crafted long before swapping runway shows for the campaign trail.
But since then, amid the chaotic early stages of the Trump administration, Ivanka’s presence at high-level meetings has become almost expected. Last month, she beamed while seated behind the president’s Oval Office desk, her father on one side and the Canadian prime minister, Justin Trudeau, on the other. She addressed a roundtable of female entrepreneurs and even accompanied her father to Delaware’s Dover air force base to honor the Navy Seal killed during a botched raid in Yemen.
“She’s being more than a first lady. She’s actually sitting in on high-level meetings in ways that first ladies used to get attacked for doing,” said Kate Andersen Brower, author of First Women: The Grace and Power of America’s Modern First Ladies.
“In any other administration, something like this would be more remarkable.” 
With Melania Trump choosing to reside primarily in New York so the youngest Trump child, Barron, can remain in his school, Ivanka has arguably become the most visible woman associated with the administration, next to Kellyanne Conway. And while Conway, Trump’s senior counsel and former campaign manager, is a fixture on the networks, Ivanka has, by contrast, shied away from the press.
Carefully crafted leaks position her and Kushner as the moderating voices in an administration buoyed by rightwing nationalists. If reports are to be believed, the duo helped kill an anti-LGBT executive order and are persuading Trump to keep intact Barack Obama’s landmark accord to fight climate change. 
But publicly, Ivanka has held her own views close and enthusiastically campaigned for her father even as his rhetoric sparked controversy over hostility toward immigrants, Muslims, women and other groups.
“I don’t talk about my politics,” she told a Boston radio station last year when asked if she supported abortion rights, while adding: “I don’t feel like it’s my role.” 
“I’m the daughter … I don’t think my politics are relevant to the discussion.”
The attempts to have it both ways have taken a toll. 
Once gracing the covers of the country’s largest fashion and women’s lifestyle magazines, Ivanka is a staple no more as editors grapple with elevating a figure associated with one of the most polarizing presidents in modern history.
Retailers Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus, citing a decline in sales, announced plans last month to drop Ivanka’s merchandise from their collections. 
The decision ignited a firestorm within the White House, with the president using the bully pulpit of the White House to chastise Nordstrom in a series of tweets. Conway subsequently overstepped ethics rules by using a televised interview on Fox News to hawk Ivanka’s clothing line, while the White House spokesman Sean Spicer echoed the president’s attacks on the retailers from the podium of a press briefing.
This week, there were indications that the administration’s pressure campaign had paid dividends. Ivanka’s company reported record sales, although as a privately held business it is not obligated to disclose numbers.
Robert Passikoff, the president of BrandKeys, a brand research consultancy that examines consumer behavior, said the underlying narrative was that Ivanka’s brand had indeed taken a hit when taking the past 18 months in their totality.
“Retailers don’t generally make political decisions, no matter what the president tweets,” Passikoff said.
“Did her surrounding herself with politics help? I don’t think so,” he added. “I can’t attribute anything else. You essentially had a small fashion brand getting attention because of her father’s run for president.”
Critics said it was a bridge too far when Ivanka, despite positioning herself as an advocate for women, stood by her father amid the leaked Access Hollywood tapes from 2005 in which he bragged about sexual assault.
“Cruel and unconstitutional policies like the president’s Muslim ban, deportation of hardworking immigrants, and rescinding of basic protections for transgender students is proof positive that Ivanka has no ability whatsoever to mitigate her father’s extremism,” said Shannon Coulter, co-founder of GrabYourWallet, a movement to boycott Trump-branded products, including Ivanka’s.
“You’d have better luck trying to housebreak a hyena.”
There has nonetheless been a reluctance on the part of political opponents to criticize Ivanka. 
Anne-Marie Slaughter, a former adviser to Hillary Clinton and president of the New America Foundation, reached out to the first daughter shortly after the election to discuss potential areas of cooperation around policies geared toward women. The former vice-president Al Gore, who campaigned for Clinton, accepted a meeting with the president facilitated by Ivanka centered on climate change.
Although a Cosmopolitan survey found Ivanka’s poll numbers had taken a hit, she remains considerably more favorable in the eyes of the public than her father. 
Even progressives concede that, while they believe her proposals on childcare and family leave are designed to favor wealthy families, there is a sense that Ivanka can serve as an unlikely ally for more liberal causes.
“I think people hope she will temper some of the things that are happening across the administration that a lot of progressives are pushing back against,” said Katie Hamm, the vice-president for early childhood policy at the Center for American Progress.
But she cautioned against giving Ivanka credit before it’s due: “I don’t think we’ve seen a lot of evidence that she’s doing that.”
 Ivanka’s childcare proposal, Hamm added, left a lot to be desired for advocates of reducing the burden on low- and middle-income families. Framed around a tax deduction, she noted, the plan assumed families could afford to wait until the end of the year to reclaim the expensive cost of child care.
“The policies that have been put on the table, particularly around childcare, very much reflect a family that looks like Ivanka Trump’s family,” Hamm said.
Indeed, less than two weeks after Ivanka and her husband were touted in the press as responsible for thwarting an anti-LGBT order, the president rescinded the Obama administration’s guidance protecting the use of bathrooms by transgender students. That Ivanka was reportedly behind the climate change meeting with Gore did not prevent the president from nominating Scott Pruitt, the former Oklahoma attorney general who sued the Obama administration over its anti-global warming rules, to head the Environmental Protection Agency.
Last week, Ivanka and her husband were among the few traveling with the president when he made the unprecedented and unsubstantiated charge that Barack Obama had wiretapped his phones prior to the election. The incident, which blindsided White House staff, underscored that even those in the president’s inner circle are limited in their capacity to deter his unchecked inclinations. 
Such realities “call into question Ivanka’s actual, real power”, said Anderson Brower, “and whether it is more for the purposes of having an intelligent woman and someone who’s known to be more liberal as the face of the administration … instead of having her actually have a seat at the table and a voice and influence on policy. 
“The verdict is out on how influential she is behind the scenes.”



ARTICLE
Follow the doughnuts.
That was Donald Trump’s advice to the American people on Friday as he sought to fight back against a fresh avalanche of allegations about his ties to Russia.
True to his philosophy that attack is always the best form of defence, Trump tweeted an old photo of Chuck Schumer, the Democratic minority leader in the Senate, smiling alongside the Russian president, Vladimir Putin.
In the picture, both men are smiling and holding paper cups outside a shop. Schumer has taken a bite from his doughnut, while Putin is looking down at his with a little less enthusiasm.
“We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin,” Trump wrote in the tweet. “A total hypocrite!”
Half an hour later, Schumer tweeted back and said the meeting happened 14 years ago. “Happily talk re: my contact w Mr. Putin & his associates, took place in ’03 in full view of press & public under oath. Would you &your team?”
It was the latest round of sparring between two New Yorkers with a long history. Trump, 70, a former Democrat, has reportedly donated around $9,000 to the senator over the years and claimed: “I was close to Schumer in many ways.” But Schumer, 66, has described the businessman as a casual acquaintance rather than a friend, insisting they have never had a meal or played golf together. 
This week, Schumer demanded that the attorney general and Trump loyalist Jeff Sessions resign for misleading listeners at his Senate confirmation hearing about whether he had contacts with Russia during the election campaign.
It emerged that Sessions had had two meetings with the Russian ambassador to the US, one of which was at the Republican national convention in Cleveland. Sarah Huckabee Sanders, deputy White House press secretary, also drew attention to Schumer on Friday, asking reporters: “Please explain to me how volunteers meeting at a conference where nearly 80 ambassadors attended is a story.
“I guess it’s kind of lost on me where that would be newsworthy in any capacity. I mean, Chuck Schumer sitting and having drinks with Putin and that’s not a news story, but apparently a volunteer for a campaign bumping into one at a conference where there’s again dozens of other ambassadors is newsworthy.”
Trump has admitted, however, that Sessions could have stated his response “more accurately” at his confirmation hearing. Democrats continue to press for the attorney general’s resignation and for a special prosecutor to investigate the Russian connection.



ARTICLE
Bernie Sanders has defended voters who backed Donald Trump for president, telling a rally in Boston: “Some people think the people who voted for Trump are racists and sexists and homophobes and deplorable folks. I don’t agree, because I’ve been there.”
The senator from Vermont was speaking on Friday night at an event staged by Our Revolution, a group set up after his unexpectedly strong challenge to Hillary Clinton in the Democratic primary. Our Revolution aims, in the senator’s words in Boston, to create “a Democratic party that is not a party of the liberal elite but of the working class of this country”.
Sanders’ remarks about Trump voters contained a not-so-veiled shot at Clinton, who said at a New York City fundraiser in September that “to be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump’s supporters in a basket of deplorables.
“The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic, you name it. And unfortunately, there are people like that.” 
Clinton’s words became a central feature of the election, the “deplorables” label seized on by the Trump campaign and adopted as a badge of pride among the businessman’s supporters.
In 2020, Democrats will attempt to win working-class voters in states such as Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin, where Trump wins helped secure the presidency in the electoral college despite Clinton winning nearly 3m more ballots nationwide.
Sanders, 75, appeared in Boston with Elizabeth Warren, a senator from Massachusetts who is seen by many as a possible Democratic presidential candidate.
“Let me tell you something else some of you might not agree with,” Sanders said. “It wasn’t that Donald Trump won the election, it was that the Democratic party lost the election.”
With another jab at Clinton, he added: “We need a Democratic party that is not a party of the liberal elite but of the working class of this country, we need a party that is a grassroots party, where candidates are talking to working people not spending their time raising money for the wealthy and the powerful.
“And when we do that, when we transform the Democratic party, we transform America.”
Tensions between establishment and grassroots elements in the Democratic party – fueled by a primary fight that turned increasingly bitter – have persisted since the election.
In February, former Obama labor secretary Tom Perez beat Minnesota congressman Keith Ellison to be chair of the Democratic National Committee. The contest was seen to be between the branches of the party that back Clinton (Perez) and Sanders (Ellison). The two men, with Ellison appointed deputy, have since sought to present a united front.
Warren, who is up for re-election in 2018, could potentially bridge such divides. The former Harvard University professor has a national profile and popularity gained through support of progressive social policies alongside economic positions in favor of the middle and working classes. She was thought to be among possible vice-presidential picks for Clinton.
On Friday, Warren told the Our Revoultion event about her first meeting with Sanders.
“So some of you know, I was a teacher, researcher, and was doing work about what was happening to America’s middle class,” she said. “This was several years back.
“I got an invitation to come to dinner in Washington DC and I was told it would be with a lot of policy people so I did exactly what you expected me to do – I showed up with a bunch of charts and started talking about what was happening to hard-working families all across this country.”
“One guy with bright white hair … got into it,” she said. “It was like nobody else was in the room. And that was sort of the start of it with Bernie Sanders.”
In his speech, Sanders said: “You can tell the quality of a person by the enemies she makes, and to her credit Elizabeth Warren has made some wonderful enemies.” 
Sanders said such enemies included Wall Street and the pharmaceutical and fossil fuel industries. Trump is also no fan of Warren, whom he has repeatedly attacked on Twitter. 



ARTICLE
The Guardian: You’ve had a front-row seat at the start of the Trump presidency, how do you assess what is happening in the new White House?
Bernie Sanders: Obviously, these are very scary times for the people of the United States and, because the Unites States is the most powerful country on Earth, for the whole word. The bad news, the very bad news is that we have a president who is a pathological liar. I say that not in a partisan way because I have many conservative friends who I disagree with on every issue who are not liars, they believe what they believe. But Trump lies all of the time and I think that is not an accident, there is a reason for that.
He lies in order to undermine the foundations of American democracy. One of the concerns that I have is not just his reactionary economic program of tax breaks to billionaires and devastating cuts to programs that impact the middle class, working families, lower-income people, children, the elderly, the poor, but also his efforts to undermine American democracy in the sense of making wild attacks against the media, that virtually everything that mainstream media says is a lie. And we have reached the stage where a United States congressman named Lamar Smith from Texas – and I’m paraphrasing him but you can look up the quote – said ‘Well, if you want to know the truth the only way you can really get the truth in America is directly from the president.”
And you have a president who has called a judge nominated by George W Bush a “so-called” judge because he issued an opinion differing with the president. He has come up with wild accusations about 3-5 million illegal people voting in the election which is an attack on every election official in the United States of America and basically suggesting to the American people that the elections do not reflect reality, that the elections are fraudulent. 
So what you have is a president who says that what you read and see is fraudulent, that judges are not real judges if they offer an opinion different than him, and that elections are not based on real vote counts but are also fraudulent. You have all that and more going on, which leads to only one conclusion: and that is that the only person in America who stands for the American people, the only person in America who is telling the truth, the only person in America who gets it right is the President of the United States, Donald Trump. And that is unprecedented in American history. George Bush was a very conservative president, I opposed him every single day. But George Bush did not operate outside of mainstream American political values.
G: What is Trump’s endgame, what does he want from all this?
Sanders: What he wants, I think, is to end up as leader of a nation which has moved in a significant degree toward authoritarianism where the president of the United States has extraordinary powers, far more so than our constitution has provided for or the values of the American people support. Obviously, the only way to defeat that trend and to defeat economic policies which will benefit the 1% at the expense of everybody else is for massive grassroots resistance, and clearly we are seeing that right now. And there are many examples of that, I don’t only mean the Women’s March or the many, many tens of thousands of people who have come out to town meetings expressing opposition to the repeal of the Affordable Care Act or some of the rallies that we have organized last weekend all over this country – about 150 rallies in 130 congressional districts, tens of thousands of people coming out demanding meetings with their members of Congress to protest against the repeal of the Affordable Care Act.
G: Describe what went through your mind when you heard President Trump talk about protecting the environment in his first joint session with Congress
Sanders: Among many other statements, here is a president who is clearly the most anti-environmental president in the history of this country, this is a president who thinks climate change is a hoax despite what virtually the entire scientific community says, this is a president who has appointed a gentleman called Scott Pruitt to be administrator of the EPA whose job will be to dismember the Environmental Protection Agency, who has appointed Governor Perry of Texas to be secretary of energy. A president who just literally on the day he gave his speech issued an executive order which significantly weakens regulations to protect clean water in America. So to talk about protecting clean air and water on the same day that you issue a regulation that will increase pollution of air and water is hypocritical beyond belief. It took some effort not to laugh out loud, it really was, the hypocrisy was beyond belief.
G: Do you think the much-vaunted checks and balances in America are strong enough to resist Trump?
Sanders: That’s a very good question and that is exactly the issue that many of us worry about and that many of us are working on. I would say that that question is better offered to many of my Republican colleagues. I have very conservative Republican colleagues who believe in democracy, who are going to fight for their reactionary economic views but who do not believe in authoritarianism. It is incumbent upon them, in this moment in history, to stand up and say that what Trump is doing is not what the United States is about, it’s not what our constitution is about. They have got to join us in resistance. Actually I hope in the coming months to be working with some conservative Republicans who I disagree with on every economic and environmental issue you can imagine, but to say to this president that you are not going to undermine American democracy.
When the president of the United States says that 3-5 million people voted illegally in the last election, when one of his spokesmen says that busloads of people came from Massachusetts to go into New Hampshire in that election to vote illegally this is 100% totally delusional and lies. But what it does do, and it’s important to understand what his goal is, it sends a message to Republican reactionary governors around the country to go forward and expand their efforts to suppress the vote. If it were true that 3-5 million people voted illegally, that would be a real crisis and we would have to do something about it. But it’s a total lie, it’s not true, so as long as you maintain that delusion you are giving red meat to Republican governors to suppress the vote which is very, very frightening.
G: How serious in your view are allegations that the Trump campaign might have colluded with the Russian government in interfering with the 2016 presidential election?
Sanders: For a start, what we know to be a fact, is that Russia played a very heavy role in attempting – successfully, I think – to impact our election. That is unacceptable. The evidence is that they have done it before and they will do it again. For all democracies around the world it is not acceptable that democratic institutions are being undermined by an authoritarian government and we ought to figure out how we deal with that – how we protect our democracies and at the same time make certain that Russia stop doing what it is doing. It is absolutely unacceptable. I think probably Obama was not as strong as he should have been in getting that message out to Putin.
So that’s Number One: There’s no question but they did do that. They had many many, hundreds and hundreds of paid employees. What the exact mechanism is, who paid them may not be clear, but there were people working with the approval of the Russian government trying to undermine American democracy.
Number Two: What we don’t know and what absolutely needs to be investigated is whether or not there was direct collusion between the Trump campaign and these Russians.
Number Three: What we need to know is what kind of influence the Russian oligarchy has over Trump. Many people are kind of astounded. Here he is seemingly in strong disagreement with Australia, with Mexico, with long-term allies but he has nothing but positive things to say about Mr Putin who is an authoritarian leader, who is every day undermining democracy in Russia.
G: Turning to the challenge facing progressive parties in the age of Trump and Brexit, what is your sense of the global threat to the left?
Sanders: One of the reasons for Brexit, for Trump’s victory in the United States, for the rise of ultra-nationalist rightwing candidates all over Europe, is the fact that the global economy has been very good for large multinational corporations, has in many ways been a positive thing for well-educated people, but there are many, many tens of milions of people in this country and all over the world who have been left behind by globalization. In this country, one of the facts that Trump pointed out in his speech that actually was a true fact is that in this country we have lost some 60,000 factories since the year 2000. Millions of decent-paying jobs in manufacturing have disappeared, some of that is due to automation, a lot has to do with disastrous trade policies which benefited the CEOs of large corporations at the expense of American workers. This is true in many parts of the world. 
Trump picked up support from people who felt that the elites, the economic elites, the political elites, forgot about them. And the truth is the economic and political elites did forget about them. 
We have seen in this country, not widely known in Europe, that inflation adjusted to wages for millions of workers today is lower than it was 40 years ago. So you have got millions of people today working two or three jobs, people who are working longer hours for lower wages, you’ve got half of older workers in America, 55 to 64, who have literally nothing in the bank as they face retirement. We have the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on Earth. We have massive income inequality. So what’s happened in America and in many parts of the world is that globalization has done well for the folks who assemble at Davos, for the ruling economic elite of the world. In this country alone you have seen a tenfold increase in the number of billionaires.
G: How did the Democratic party in America allow a billionaire like Trump …
Sanders: A phoney billionaire …
G: … a phoney billionaire to stand in front of other billionaires in the Waldorf and say he was going to put the steelworkers back to work?
Sanders: That is an excellent question. And the answer is, as I think many people certainly in this country understand, is that what we have seen over the last 30 or 40 years is a Democratic party that has transformed itself from a party of the working class – white workers, black workers, immigrant workers – to a party significantly controlled by a liberal elite which has moved very far away from the needs of the middle class and working families of this country. So if you were to go out on the street today in any place in this country and ask working people whether they think the Democratic party is the party of the American working class, very few would say yes. If you did that in the 1930s under Franklin Delano Roosevelt they would say yes, there was a clear distinction.
Let’s not forget it was a Democratic president, Bill Clinton, who deregulated Wall Street; a Democratic president, Clinton, who pushed for Nafta; a Democratic president, Barack Obama, who pushed as hard as he could for the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Now in my view Clinton did some very good things, in my view Obama did a lot of good things, but that is the reality and it is within that context that a space developed for a total phoney like Donald trump who by the way manufactures many of his products abroad in China, in Mexico and Turkey in low-wage shops to come in and pose as a defender of American workers.
G: The space you identify that Trump has exploited can also be seen opening up in Britain, Europe and many other countries.
Sanders: The problem has been that for some people in the liberal – and I consider myself a progressive and not a liberal for that reason alone. You can be 100% in support of the civil rights movement, for criminal justice reform, for comprehensive immigration reform, for women’s rights, for protecting the environment and being extraordinarily aggressive in transforming our energy system from fossil fuel to sustainable energy and at the same time be a champion of white workers and black workers and Latino workers and immigrant workers – there should not be a dichotomy. But what has happened is that for many people in the Democratic party they said, ‘Well, I believe in women’s rights, I believe in civil rights, I believe in immigration reform, criminal justice reform,’ and that has been the emphasis at the expense of the needs of a shrinking middle class and massive levels of income and wealth inequality. The truth is we can and should do both, it’s not an either, or it is both.
G: Was Trump’s victory on election night a shock to you?
Sanders: I wasn’t expecting it but it wasn’t a shock. When I went to bed the night before I was thinking two-to-one three-to-one that Clinton would win. I thought Clinton would win. But it wasn’t like ‘Oh there’s no chance that Trump could do it’, that was never my belief. I thought he had a chance – I would say two-to-one, three-to-one for Clinton, but I was not shocked.
G: Has the Democratic party done enough to search its soul about why Clinton lost, and what to do about it?
Sanders: The answer is, we will find out soon enough. The proof will be in the pudding, according to how Tom Perez [the newly elected chair of the DNC] and how he ends up leading the party. I supported Keith Ellison for that role because Keith is in his heart of hearts a grassroots organizer who believes in grassroots politics. He believes in the need as I do to fundamentally transform the Democratic party from a top-down party to a bottom-up party. Tom Perez said during his campaign to become chair that he agreed with Keith that there was no space between them in that view. But the proof will be in the pudding in the direction that Tom takes the Democratic party.
There needs to be a fundamental acknowledgement that the model of the Democratic party has been a horrific failure, no ifs, buts and maybes. It’s not just the presidential election, it’s not just the loss of the Senate and the US House, it’s not just the loss of governors chairs all over this country, Republicans control almost two-thirds of the governors’ chairs – Democrats have lost over 900 legislative seats in states all over this country. There are states where there is virtually no Democratic party at all. When an election takes place the Democrats can’t even put up a candidate for the US Senate. That’s how pathetic it is. There has to be that understanding that what has been done in the past has been a horrific failure and there needs to be a fundamental restructuring.
G: You have been calling for many years for a stronger economic message at the heart of the party. Do you see that starting to happen?
Sanders: I sure do. Let me say where I see it. I see it in the platform of the Democratic party today, a platform that doesn’t go as far as I would like to go, but it was one that Clinton and I worked on which is far and away the most progressive platform in the history of American politics. It is a platform which stands with American people.
Keith Ellison did lose the effort to become chair, but running within the heart of the Democratic establishment. If this had been an election where Democrats all over this country could have voted, Keith would have won by a landslide. Keith had some 700,000 signatures on a petition supporting him to become chair of the DNC. This was an election that took place among 450 Democratic insiders and Keith almost won that. So between the change of the platform to make it a progressive document supporting the needs of working families, the fact that Keith did very well within the Democratic establishment, tells me that the Democrats understand that their past models are wrong, are ineffective, and there needs to be a model that says, ‘Yes, we are the party of working families, we are going to take on Wall Street, we are going to take on the insurance companies, the drug companies, corporate America, we are going to fight for a government that represents working people not just the 1%.’
G: The greatest threat to the progressive movement would be division, it’s a dangerous moment globally in terms of unity on the left. How confident are you that splits can be avoided?
Sanders: You saw at the DNC that five minutes after Perez won he asked Keith to become deputy chair. Again, we will see what happens, how far Tom moves in the right direction. But that was a gesture of unification, of an understanding that especially in the era of Trump we have to got to bring the progressive movement together in a unified way.
G: You play a role in that as the leader of one side of the argument. How do you see your personal role?
Sanders: I’m going to Mississippi tomorrow, last week I was in Kansas, I expect in a couple of weeks to be in West Virginia. I’m going to many red states around this country. I believe that one of the many failures of the Democratic party has been to concede entire states many of which have high levels of poverty where wages have gone down significantly to Republicans.
My job is to substantially increase the number of people participating in the political process. We’ve been quite successful in this, getting more and more people to run for office, to participate. That’s what I will be focusing on. 
G: Do you think you would have won against Trump had you been nominated?
Sanders: I don’t think it’s a worthwhile speculation. The answer is, who knows, who knows. The answer is, possibly yes, possibly no.
G: What strategy should Senate Democrats pursue with Trump’s picks, notably Neil Gorsuch, his choice for the vacant US supreme court seat?
Sanders: We need to understand where Gorsuch is coming from, make clear the American people understand where he is coming from, then reach a conclusion. I happen to believe that [the campaign finance opinion] Citizens United is one of the worst supreme court decisions in the history of this country, we need to know in general where Gorsuch comes from. I happen to believe that women have the right to control their own bodies, and we have to know where Gorsuch comes from on that issue. I am deeply concerned about Republican efforts to undermine democracy through voter suppression, where is he coming from on that issue? Obviously the supreme court has got to respect workers’ rights and not just rule time and time again on behalf of large corporations. Where is Mr Gorsuch on that?
Now I think we know where Judge Gorsuch is on all of that. Our job over the next month or two is to get that information out to the American people.
G: That’s a rational, principled response. When Republicans were in the minority in the Senate they at times simply blindly said no. Some people say that’s what progressives should now do.
Sanders: There are reasons to say no. You don’t say, ‘I’m going to vote no before I even know who the candidate is.’ If you want to explain to the American people, the American people want to understand why you are doing it, you explain why I worry about the future of democracy when we have voter suppression and we continue Citizens United. What is Judge Gorsuch’s view on that, I think his view is the wrong view. That’s why you vote. I think it’s more effective to give a rational reason.
G: In a video you posted on Facebook Live just after Trump made his joint address to Congress, you said that you thought the Republicans were on the defensive. That’s a bold statement. What did you mean by that?
Sanders: Republicans have said over and over again, before and after Trump’s election, they are going to repeal the Affordable Care Act, this is the worst thing that ever happened to the American people, it is gone forget about it. Well, a funny thing has happened since. Millions of people in one form or another have been actively involved in saying, ‘Excuse us, if you want to improve the Affordable Care Act let’s do it, but you are not simply going to repeal it, throw 20 million people out on the streets without any health insurance, do away with the health insurance they now have, their protections in terms of pre-existing conditions, of what people have to pay for their insurance if they have a serious illness etc etc.’ Now it turns out that the vast majority of the American people say, ‘You will not repeal the Affordable Care Act unless you have a better replacement.’ And now the Republicans are scrambling, day and night, they are embarrassed, and that tells me they are on the defensive on that area.
G: And do you think that defensiveness comes from the resistance rallies that are being held all across the country?
Sanders: Absolutely. When Republicans now are literally afraid to hold public meetings, some of them are arguing, ‘Oh my God we are afraid of security issues’, it tells me they know that the American people are prepared to stand up and fight and I believe on issue after issue you are going to see them on the defensive.
G: How much is the resistance happening organically, and how much is being organized by you and by the network you built up during your 2016 campaign?
Sanders: I think it’s both. There are people who without any outside effort are reading the papers every day, they are hearing and seeing a president who lies all the time, seeing a president who wants to dismember the Environmental Protection Agency, doesn’t believe in climate change, who is going to war against a woman’s right to choose, who is doing horrible things in trying to divide this country up. When the president talks about his great concerns about violent crimes being committed by undocumented people in this country but ignores some of the horrific crimes that have taken place by native-born Americans, the American people say, ‘This is not the country that I want to see and I’m going to fight back.’
And then on top of that you are seeing a very active progressive movement – Our Revolution which came out of my campaign, and other groups – which are rallying the American people. The Women’s March which was quite spontaneous, which brought out millions of people in this country and all over the world. These are indications of the willingness of the American people to fight back for democracy, fight back for workers’ rights, women’s rights, the environment.
G: Is part of your strategy similar to that of the Tea Party, to unseat establishment Democratic politicians by encouraging more radical candidates to stand in primaries? 
Sanders: That’s not my decision. It’s a decision that people on the ground are going to have to make. It’s their states, it’s their congressional districts, it’s an issue that people are going to have to make as they analyze the political situation area by area. 
G: You can give a helping hand, using your massive database of 5 million email addresses of your supporters.
Sanders: We have used that – not we, I’m not actively involved in the day-to-day efforts of Our Revolution. But Our Revolution has played a good role with some success. But again it’s a decision that will be made by people on the ground in their own communities.
G: What would you say to a young person who is feeling scared, close to despair, thinking the country has moved against them. What should they do?
Sanders: This is what they should do. They should take a deep reflection about the history of this country and understand that absolutely these are very difficult and frightening times, I would not deny that for a second. But also understand that this country has had a very rocky road in terms of democracy and civil liberties and civil rights. In moments of crisis what has happened time and time again is people have stood up and fought back. So despair is absolutely not an option.
I ask people if they are white to think deeply about what it meant to be an African American in the southern states in the 40s and 50s where people were treated in the most disgraceful manner imaginable, where they were humiliated, where they were attacked, where they were lynched, yet people did not give up, they fought back effectively. I would ask people to remember that a hundred years ago women in the United States did not have the right to vote, couldn’t go to university, couldn’t do the jobs they wanted to do – they stood up and fought back. A hundred years ago kids were working in factories, there were no such things as public schools, and yet working-class people fought with great courage to create movements which protected their living standards and dignity. And just more recently, and young people are familiar with this, think of the history of the gay rights movement in this country where 15-20 years ago you had state after state attacking people because of their sexual orientation and yet with great courage the gay community stood up and fought back. And now the Republicans are absolutely on the defensive on those issues.
So in times of difficulty historically the American people have stood up and fought back and I believe that’s what we are going to see right now. And to the degree there is any silver lining in this whole process it will be that the American people will understand that they cannot take democracy for granted, we cannot continue with one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country on Earth and that people have got to be deeply involved in the political process so that we will not see any more Trumps.
G: Turning to Britain, your brother Larry, how much discussion to the two of you have over Brexit and UK politics? Do you talk often?
Sanders: We do every once in the while, not lately actually, we haven’t. But yeah we talk once in a while.
G: Are you keeping up with the British side of Brexit and the challenges we have been discussing, given so many parallels?
Sanders: I don’t want to say I know more than I do, but obviously I am somewhat informed of that.
G: Jeremy Corbyn is under a lot of pressure at the moment, how do you see his position?
Sanders: Again I don’t know all the details, but what Corbyn has established pretty clearly is that there is a huge gap between what was the Labour party leadership and rank-and-file Labour party activists, and he made that as clear as clear could be. What needs to be I think is leadership has got to reflect where working people and young people are in the UK and that’s true all over progressive movements all over this country. Too often we have a political establishment which removes itself from the day-to-day struggles of ordinary lower-income people and that has got to change.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s corporation tax cut is straight out of the Ronald Reagan playbook. According to the current occupant of the White House, the reduction from 35% to 15% will pay for itself because US companies will invest more.
The argument is that higher levels of investment will raise the growth rate and, in turn, raise corporate profits. Consequently, the tax take will be no different at 15% than it was at 35%.
George HW Bush had a description for this approach when Reagan first floated it during the 1980 election campaign. He called it voodoo economics, which is was it turned out to be. Reagan’s tax cuts and higher defence spending were certainly accompanied by higher growth but they did not pay for themselves. Far from it. The US ran high budget deficits and the national debt spiralled.
Viraj Patel, of ING bank, said Trump’s tax arithmetic is wishful thinking and unlikely to impress the deficit hawks on Capitol Hill. “If it were that easy, everyone would do it,” he said. “Though some positive effect on short-term growth is possible from tax cuts, this is likely to be inadequate to boost revenues to outweigh the costs.”
In the end, Trump will only get his corporate tax cut implemented with the agreement of Congress. Both Republicans and Democrats will want to know how the president intends to make up for the loss of revenue that a cut of this magnitude will cause. On current projections, the US government expects the tax take from corporation tax to double from $290bn (£226bn) a year in 2016 to $580bn by 2020.
Trump has also promised personal tax cuts, which will further add to the deficit. So one of three things is going to happen: first, Trump’s plan may indeed lead to a doubling of the US growth rate and be self-funding, although recent economic history suggests otherwise.
Second, the president will have to find cuts in spending to balance the loss of tax revenue. The proposal to boost investment in America’s infrastructure would look highly vulnerable in those circumstances.
Finally, Congress could decide that the plan is simply too flaky and refuse to pass it.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s embattled former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, has volunteered to be interviewed by the House inquiry into alleged connections between Trump and Russia, the similarly embattled head of that investigation announced on Friday.
Manafort’s extensive business dealings for Russian proxies in Ukraine have been the subject of substantial suspicion as a potential link between Trump and the Kremlin. 
Manafort, who denies all wrongdoing, reached out through his attorneys to offer to speak to the House intelligence committee – whose Republican members showed in a Monday hearing their preference to shift focus from politically toxic allegations of ties between Trump and Russia to leaks the White House blames on the intelligence agencies. 
It is yet undetermined if Manafort will appear in public. Aides said the committee was still negotiating whether Manafort would testify in any capacity. Later on Friday, CNN reported that Trump adviser Roger Stone and former campaign aide Carter Page had offered to testify.
Devin Nunes, the House intelligence chairman and member of the Trump transition team, is losing the confidence of Democratic members of his committee, even as he has softened dramatic allegations he made earlier in the week. 
Nunes has for the time being canceled the next highly anticipated public committee hearing – something his Democratic counterpart immediately characterized as “a serious mistake” and suggested was a cover-up. 
It was the latest flare-up in a week of visible acrimony that may end up crippling an investigation into the central political controversy of the Trump administration.
Nunes said on Friday he had seen documents from a source he would not specify that made him “very uncomfortable” over the prospect that the identities of unnamed Trump associates were “unmasked” in surveillance intercepts unrelated to Russia. 
The House committee has yet to receive additional documentation from the National Security Agency (NSA), apparently concerning incidentally collected communications of Trump allies, that it expected by the end of this week. 
Nunes sparked an outcry from Democrats on Wednesday when he announced his concern in a press conference and took it to the White House before informing the members of his committee. He later reportedly apologized to legislators. But his actions have pushed the inquiry near breaking point.
On Friday, in another press conference that raised as many questions as it answered, Nunes said of the concerning documentation: “I’m the only one who has seen the documents, as far as I know.” 
It remained unclear what documentation Nunes was referring to that featured “additional unmasking” of Trump associates. The California Republican said it “appears like this was all legal surveillance, from what I can tell”, and that the surveillance did not refer to Russia. He tempered his earlier claim, seized upon by Trump, that US intelligence may have monitored Trump associates. 
Nunes said he had additional questions he needed to put to the directors of the FBI and NSA, though he said the additional testimony he sought was “not on the basis of the documents” he said he had seen. 
Still, the FBI director, James Comey, and the NSA director, Michael Rogers, have been asked to testify again, this time behind closed doors. Nunes has said he was “hopeful” the pair would return to the committee on Tuesday 28 March, the same day several Obama-era intelligence and justice department officials had been scheduled to testify publicly. 
Delaying that hearing, Nunes said there was no point in those officials – the former director of national intelligence James Clapper, the ex-CIA director John Brennan and the ex-acting attorney general Sally Yates – testifying before Comey and Rogers returned.
Asked if Nunes was delaying the public hearing because the one on Monday had proved politically damaging to Trump – Comey and Rogers said there was no evidence supporting Trump’s claim that Obama placed him under surveillance – Nunes said: “No, it’s because of exactly what I said.” 
Nunes nevertheless reiterated that “there was no wiretapping of Trump Tower”.
Nunes’ Democratic counterpart on the committee, Adam Schiff, implied that the cancellation of the public hearing smacked of a cover-up. 
Schiff said Nunes’ trek to the White House before sharing information with the committee had been “wholly inappropriate” and jeopardized the integrity of the investigation.
Schiff, “read[ing] between the lines” in the absence of the documentation to which Nunes referred, suggested Nunes received “strong pushback” from the White House which was the origin of his “peculiar excursion” into allusions to improperly unmasked names.
“What other explanation can there be? There is none,” Schiff said at a hastily assembled press conference following the one held by Nunes.
Conspicuously, Schiff noted that Nunes “has been unwilling to rule out that the documents came from the White House or were shared with the White House”.
Yet Schiff remained unwilling to quit the inquiry, over what he said were fears that it would collapse without a credible replacement and thereby leave Trump-Russia questions unanswered by the Republican-controlled Congress.
Manafort resigned from the Trump campaign in August amid scrutiny of his business ties to pro-Russian figures in Ukraine. Trump’s son Eric said at the time Trump did not want to be “distracted” by questions dogging Manafort. 
The Associated Press reported on Thursday that in 2005 Manafort pitched a plan to a Russian oligarch that he claimed would benefit Putin’s image inside the US.
“We are now of the belief that this model can greatly benefit the Putin government if employed at the correct levels with the appropriate commitment to success,” Manafort reportedly wrote to Oleg Deripaska, a Putin ally with whom Manafort signed a $10m annual contract. 
According to the AP, Manafort received money from Deripaska through at least 2009. 
As Manafort’s business dealings have come under new scrutiny, the White House has publicly diminished Manafort’s relationship with Trump. The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, on Thursday called Manafort, who ran Trump’s campaign, “a gentleman who was employed by someone for five months”.
Schiff said he welcomed what he described as Manafort’s testimony and “would welcome that that testimony be in open session”.



ARTICLE
The former Republican governor of Utah, Jon Huntsman, has accepted Donald Trump’s offer to be ambassador to Russia, an administration official said on Wednesday.
Huntsman would assume the job, a high-profile and sensitive post that requires Senate confirmation, amid investigations into the contacts between Russian officials and the Trump campaign.
Trump has said he wants to improve relations with the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, which deteriorated under the Obama administration over issues including Russia’s annexation of Crimea from Ukraine and the two countries’ backing of opposing sides in the Syrian civil war. 
The tensions peaked in December when Obama expelled 35 Russian suspected spies after US intelligence agencies concluded that Russia hacked and leaked Democratic emails during the 2016 election campaign as part of an effort to tilt the vote in Trump’s favor. The Kremlin has denied the allegations.
Huntsman has twice before served as an ambassador. He was the nation’s top diplomat to Singapore under George HW Bush and then served in that role in China under Barack Obama. Huntsman, who ran for president in 2012, was also briefly under consideration to be Trump’s secretary of state.
The former governor, a Mormon, had an up-and-down relationship with Trump during last year’s campaign. He was slow to endorse any candidate for the Republican nomination, though did back Trump once he became the presumptive nominee. But Huntsman then called for Trump to drop out after the October release of a 2005 video in which Trump is captured on a hot microphone making lewd comments about women.
Huntsman said then that the “campaign cycle has been nothing but a race to the bottom” and called for Trump’s running-mate, Mike Pence, to top the Republican ticket.
Trump also went after Huntsman during his tenure as ambassador to Beijing. In a series of tweets in 2011 and 2012, the celebrity businessman called Huntsman a “lightweight” and “weak” and claimed that China “did a major number on us” during his tenure.
But Huntsman and Trump buried their differences during the transition, the official said.
If confirmed, Huntsman would become one of the highest-profile US ambassadors, helming the diplomatic mission to a country that has seen its relationship with the US deteriorate in recent years, particularly after accusations that Russia meddled with last year’s election.
Huntsman would also take the post amid ongoing investigations into contacts between Trump’s team and the Kremlin.
Trump’s first national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was forced to resign after misleading Pence about the nature of his conversations with the Russian ambassador to the United States. And the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, has faced Democratic calls for his resignation after he did not say in his Senate confirmation hearing that he had two conversations with that same ambassador. Sessions has recused himself from any investigation of Trump’s ties to Russia.



ARTICLE
In more than 300 cities and towns in 49 US states this week, citizens unhappy with the Trump administration flooded to congressional town halls and activist meetups billed as “resistance recess”. In all, advocacy groups estimated more than 40,000 Americans participated in these meetings, taking place during a break in the schedules of lawmakers that many use to return home and interact with constituents.
“People are not just clicking on online petitions, they are changing their habits forging relationships,” said Ben Wikler, the Washington director for MoveOn. “It’s not something where once people go home from a march they go back to civilian life. This is people making anti-Trump activism a part of their daily lives.”
Already the efforts are having concrete political impacts. On a Friday morning radio appearance Republican representative Mo Brooks said: “I don’t know if we’re going to be able to repeal Obamacare now because these folks who support Obamacare are very active, they’re putting pressure on congressmen and there’s not a counter-effort to steel the spine of some of these congressmen in toss-up districts around the country.”
Jeremy Haile, one of the authors of Indivisible, a Practical Guide for Resisting Trump said this was strong proof the tactics of town hall engagement could be effective. “That’s straight from a member of Congress saying how this organizing and hearing from constituents is really changing what Congress is doing,” Haile said.
Indivisible was written and launched after Trump’s election by a collection of former progressive congressional staffers who watched President Obama’s presidential agenda largely stalemated by Tea Party protests in 2009. “We saw these [Tea Party] activists take on a popular president with a mandate for change and a supermajority in Congress. We saw them organize locally and convince their own MoCs to reject President Obama’s agenda,” the group explains on their website. Indivisible recommends using similar tactics to oppose Trump’s agenda, like overwhelming engagement at congressional town halls.
“Every member of Congress wakes up in the morning thinking about how to get re-elected. We think that gives constituents a lot of power,” Haile said.
Comparisons to the 2009 rise of the Tea Party, similarly spawned after a transition of presidential power, have been unavoidable, and commentators have rushed to explain why the phenomena are or are not comparable.
“This makes the Tea Party look like pre-school.” said film-maker and liberal activist Michael Moore in an MSNBC appearance on Wednesday night.
At this week’s meetings, representatives and senators, especially Republicans, who elected to hold town hall meetings during their time in their home district were bombarded with contentious questions, boos and protests throughout the week. In places where legislators did not hold events, people gathered anyways, sometimes holding events billed as “people’s town halls” or even addressing questions to propped-up empty suits, like constituents of Pennsylvania senator Pat Toomey did on Tuesday.
Many of the most tense and emotional moments around the country this week came when citizens shared their concerns about healthcare in light of Trump’s efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act without any clear plan in the works to replace the coverage it affords to previously uninsurable patients.
“Without the coverage for pre-existing conditions, I will die. That’s not hyperbole,” said Kati McFarland at a town hall hosted by Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas, according to reporting from the Democrat Gazette.
MoveOn.org, a grassroots progressive advocacy group and one of the primary organizations behind the action said more than 42,000 people had RSVP’d for events throughout the week on their website in 49 states and Washington DC.
Wikler said the number of people attending events was surely even higher, and that the webpage set up for coordinating the events had seen more than 1 million hits in less than a week.
Making the comparison to the Tea Party that much stronger, many conservatives have accused the recess resistance protests of being “AstroTurf”, or fake grassroots activism sponsored by powerful benefactors. Democrats lodged similar charges against the Tea Party eight years ago.
“It’s not these organic uprisings that we’ve seen through the last several decades – the Tea Party was a very organic movement – this has become a very paid, AstroTurf-type movement,” said Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer.
There is no evidence that the recent upwelling of protest is being fueled by paid activists, though they have for the most part been coordinated – a distinction some conservatives have apparently not been willing to make.
It is difficult to say just yet how this 2017 round of town hall protests will compare to those in 2009 that effectively launched the Tea Party. One of the features that made the effort so effective eight years ago was that they were sustained over a period of months.
Organizers are hopeful though, that momentum is building and that the resistance movement is only growing stronger. “We really haven’t seen the kind of grassroots energy that’s unignorable right now ever before, at least in my lifetime,” Wikler said. “People who’ve never been involved in politics are coming out of the woodwork and telling their stories. It’s staggering.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump and the German chancellor, Angela Merkel, struck a conciliatory tone at their first face-to-face meeting on Friday, but there was little disguising their fundamental differences in policy and style.
Merkel said she was “gratified” that the US president pledged support for Nato and the Minsk peace process in Ukraine. Trump insisted that he is a believer in free trade and declared: “I am not an isolationist.”
But it was hard to escape the testy relationship between the bookish woman now seen as a crucial bulwark of the postwar liberal order and the brash businessman who rose to power on a populist tide. 
Merkel, who addressed the media through an interpreter, said: “It’s always better to talk to one another than about one another.” But at times the odd couple appeared to talk past each other.
The German chancellor used the opportunity to defend her stance on refugees, globalisation and “win-win” trade deals, while Trump again used the phrase “radical Islamic terrorism” and set out an economic nationalist vision that would put American workers first.
His backing for the Nato alliance, he made clear, came with caveats. “I reiterated to Chancellor Merkel my strong support for Nato as well as the need for our Nato allies to pay their fair share for the cost of defence,” he said. “Many nations owe vast sums of money from past years and it is very unfair to the United States. These nations must pay what they owe.”
Merkel had been accompanied to Washington by German business leaders, and trade was a clear point of potential disagreement. Trump has previously warned German car companies he would impose a border tax of 35% on vehicles imported to the US market.
A German journalist challenged Trump over his potential to weaken the EU and his criticism of “fake news” in the media. Trump said sarcastically: “Nice, friendly reporter.”
He went on: “First of all, I don’t believe in an isolationist policy. But I also believe a policy of trade should be a fair policy and the United States has been treated very, very unfairly by many countries over the years, and that’s going to stop. But I’m not an isolationist. I’m a free trader but I’m also a fair trader.”
Trump added: “I don’t know what newspaper you’re reading but I guess that would be another example of, as you say, fake news.”
Merkel was careful not to disagree directly but said Germany’s success has been intertwined with European unity and integration. “I believe globalisation ought to be shaped in an open-minded way but also in a fair way. Freedom of movement within the European Union, for example, is a very important element of our economic progress, of peace, has been for many decades.”
She acknowledged that immigration and integration “have to be worked on” and said refugees should be given the opportunity to “shape their lives where they are”. These were issues that she and Trump had an “exchange of views” about, she added.
Trump cut back in to say: “All I want is fairness. Germany’s done very well in its trade deals with the United States and I give them credit for it.”
But looking further afield, he said Nafta has been a “disaster” for the US and promised: “We are going to be a very different country. We’re going to have great values … Our trade deals are going to be good solid deals, not deals that lead to closing plants and tremendous unemployment.”
Referring to Trump’s unsubstantiated claims that Barack Obama had wiretapped his phones and press secretary Sean Spicer’s repeating of an equally evidence-free claim that British intelligence had helped, another German journalist asked Trump if he ever regretted certain tweets. “Very seldom,” he said. “I can get around the media when the media doesn’t tell the truth.”
He said Spicer had only been quoting “a talented lawyer” who had been speaking on Fox News. “We said nothing,” Trump argued. “All we did was quote a certain very talented legal mind who was the one responsible for saying that on television.”
Then, in a strained moment, he said: “This past administration, at least we have something in common perhaps.” 
It was a reference to the alleged tapping of Merkel’s phone by the US National Security Agency – an incident that was reported to have infuriated Merkel when it came to light in 2013. 
There was some laughter in the East Room of the White House but she remained silent.
The German chancellor had thanked Trump for “the warm and gracious hospitality” but there was an awkward moment in the Oval Office before the press conference when the two leaders sat for photographers, who shouted a request for them to shake hands. 
Merkel turned to Trump and asked: “Do you want to have a handshake?” The president ignored her and kept looking straight ahead, his hands clasped together. Merkel looked at the photographers with a half-smile, half-grimace.
The piece of pantomime was in stark contrast to the visit of Theresa May in January. As they walked from the Oval Office down a small ramp, Trump spontaneously took the British prime minister’s hand, an image that was splashed across British newspapers the following day.
In the run-up to the trip, German media warned that the chancellor would struggle to find the right tone and body language for the first meeting between the two contrasting politicians.
A straight-talking, critical approach would have proven popular with the German public – especially with a general election looming in September. But Merkel is aware that America remains her country’s most important economic and military ally.
“A vast majority of the German public isn’t well-inclined towards Trump,” said Süddeutsche Zeitung. “A lot of people of people will watch closely how Merkel conducts herself.”
“Finding the right measure of warmth and distance won’t be easy,” Der Spiegel wrote.
Throughout his campaign, the US president had criticised the German leader’s handling of the refugee crisis, saying her behaviour was “insane” and that she was “ruining Germany”.
Yet in the run-up to their first meeting, Merkel’s advisers had projected optimism, saying they were hopeful that particularly the “close collaboration” with the Obama administration on the Ukraine crisis could be continued under Trump’s stewardship.
By flying to the US with an entourage of top industrial managers in tow, the German chancellor had made clear that the priority of the trip was to convince the US president of the value of free trade – especially with German firms – rather than to lecture him on refugee conventions or the values of a free press.



ARTICLE
Hundreds of scientists rallied in Boston on Sunday to protest what they call the “direct attack” of Donald Trump and Republicans on research, scientific institutions and facts themselves, as a community reckons, and argues, with a new era of American politics.
Gathering in Boston’s Copley Square, outside the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), several scientists gave speeches to a crowd holding signs shaped like beakers and reading “Stand up for science”. The speeches reflected a sea change in the culture of many labs and universities, where many researchers long maintained that good scientific work could speak for itself.
At the AAAS conference, scientists this week have discussed political activism, the psychology of “fake news” , and how to protect climate science from hostile governments. But a rift has opened up in the community between those in favor and those opposed to rallies focused on science, including a March for Science planned across multiple cities in April. 
Professor Jim Gates, the eminent string theorist and former adviser to Barack Obama, told journalists that the march appeared to lack an end goal – a prerequisite for political action – and would simply be perceived as “science against Trump”.
“At least as far as I can detect, there is no theory of action behind this,” he said. “This bothers me tremendously.
“I don’t understand how the organisers of this march can guard against provocateurs, quite frankly,” he added. “I don’t think they’re ready for that, I don’t think they’re considering that kind of danger. To have science represented as this political force I think is just extraordinarily dangerous.”
Others urged the protesters on, including Rush Holt, the CEO of AAAS, said that his organization would work with other US societies to “make the march a success”.
“It’s the first time in my 50-year career that I have seen people speaking up for science at large,” he said. “I’ve seen for or against nuclear power or whatever. This is an unusual phenomenon.”
Astrid Caldas, a climate scientist and member of the Union of Concerned Scientists, said that the rally showed that “scientists who are usually happy in the corner of their labs are speaking”.
“I think that scientists are realizing that they have to use their voice, as scientists, in self-defense.”
Dr Jacquelyn Gill, an ecologist at the University of Maine, was one of the speakers Sunday, and is tentatively considering whether to run for Congress in 2018. 
“A lot of scientists are realizing that the institutions that fund and support and science in this country – science for everyone, publicly funded and transparent – those institutions are under direct attack,” she told the Guardian.
Trump, she said, “not only doesn’t value our institutions, he doesn’t seem to value evidence-based decision making at all. That is alarming to us.”
The president’s views about science – he has variously called global warming a “hoax” and pledged to “unlock the mysteries of space” – is not the only concern on the scientists’ minds. “I’m concerned that we’re going to lose the EPA. I’m concerned that we’re going to lose regulations that have a direct impact on human health, like automobile emissions,” Gill said. “People will get sicker. People will die because of a lack of environmental regulation and medical research.”
Beka Economopoulos, one of the rally’s organizers and a co-founder of the Natural History Museum, a mobile exhibition, said that scientists could no longer truly avoid politics. “That ship has sailed,” she said, noting that researchers have a long history protesting, for instance against nuclear proliferation in the 1970s. 
“It’s not just about scientists, it’s about science,” she said. “Communities are going to bear the brunt of the impacts of these attacks on science in the public interest.”
Gill also stressed that the nascent movement wanted to stress “science for the people, by the people and for the people”. 
Arguments about “trimming the fat” of budgets, she said, did not stand up to scrutiny, considering that the government’s science and medical research funding makes up a tiny percentage of the federal budget. 
“That money has got one of the best returns on investment you could possibly hope for,” she said. “The real stakeholders are the citizens that stand to gain or lose the most if the institutions are weakened.”
Another organizer, Emily Southard, said that the rally and the march in Washington, were meant to help “demystify what scientists do”.
She defended “science that delivers clean, safe drinking water to our faucets, science that’s being taken for granted – and that’s the science that’s being taken under attack.”
Economopoulos used the Environmental Protection Agency as an example, criticizing its newly confirmed head, who repeatedly sued the agency in favor of corporations as Oklahoma attorney general . “We have a sort of fox in the henhouse situation here with Scott Pruitt as head of the EPA, an agency that he has sued 14 times,” she said.
Gill also said that researchers needed to do more to take control of their image, noting the ways scientists had been politicized by lawmakers in debates over climate science. “Throwing more information or more data doesn’t really change minds, whether it’s climate change or vaccines,” she said. “Empathy trumps fact when it comes to people’s minds.”
Such disputes were nothing new, she said: “Science and religion clashes go back to Darwin and Galileo and Copernicus.”
Caldas said that she hoped scientists would continue organize at local levels. “The federal government may not be on board, but local government works hardest with people who see these problems at their doorsteps, and they cannot deny it.”
Members of Congress facing re-election, she said, were already starting to feel pressure from constituents about climate change. “The stakes are really high but there is a light at the end of the tunnel.”



ARTICLE
Who’s really calling the shots at the White House – President Trump or chief strategist Steve Bannon?
That’s the question that has been circulating on social media over the past week and a half about the still-fledgling Trump presidency. Now, a new campaign has people sending postcards addressed to President Bannon and sharing them on social media using the hashtag #PostcardstoBannon.
It began when @cwardell suggested a letter-writing campaign targeted at “President Bannon”:
Justin Hendrix then kickstarted the hashtag #PostcardstoBannon:
Now, hundreds of others have joined in, some sending multiple postcards.
Hendrix said: “People are having fun with it – it’s not the most serious protest. But what is serious is that the former publisher of a hate site that has embraced the alt-right and talked openly of destroying American institutions is pulling the strings in the Oval Office.” 
Bannon was executive chair of Breitbart news, which he described as the “platform of the alt-right”. He has also been widely quoted as describing himself as “a Leninist ... [he] wanted to destroy the state and that’s my goal too”.
Hendrix said of his postcard campaign: “People are creative – I’ve seen people post photos of handmade cards, for instance. One lady made 30 of them in one night. I think it’s cathartic.”
One account, @Note2PresBannon, has also got behind the campaign. The person who runs it, who wishes to remain anonymous, said they began writing the postcards on their own out of frustration before joining with others sharing their missives on the internet.
“I’m a DC resident so I haven’t been able to partake in a lot of the actions of calling my representatives because I don’t have any,” they said.
“Plus, my biggest beef has been with Bannon, who no one has a say about. 
“I felt using humor and a snarky tone took away power from Bannon. I made the account after a few friends expressed interest and I realised this could catch on. 
“One of my friends told me recently that resisting should be fun, and writing the postcards is a blast.”
The hashtag #PresidentBannon has become more popular recently, as commentators suggest it is Trump’s chief strategist who is pulling the strings. Time magazine featured him on their cover, dubbing him “the great manipulator”:
There’s a possibility these reports have angered President Trump. On Monday, he tweeted:
Meanwhile, press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters about Trump: “He’s the one who develops the policy, he’s the one who makes the decisions, and I think there are so many times when you see things that don’t recognise that he is the guy that calls the shots.”
But  in an article on divisions within the still-new White House team, the New York Times reported that Trump was “not fully briefed” when signing the executive order that put Bannon on the National Security Council.



ARTICLE
San Francisco filed suit against Donald Trump on Tuesday, becoming the first city to bring a legal challenge against the president’s executive order targeting sanctuary cities.
“The president’s executive order is not only unconstitutional, it’s un-American,” said Dennis Herrera, the city attorney.
On 25 January, Trump signed an executive order mandating that the federal government withhold grants from localities that limit cooperation with federal immigration enforcement – a practice known as “sanctuary”. The order also directs the attorney general to explore “appropriate enforcement action” against local government agencies following sanctuary policies.
Thirty-nine cities, 364 counties and four states have some kind of sanctuary policies in place, according to an analysis by the Immigrant Legal Resource Center. 
Citing the 10th amendment of the US constitution, which delegates powers not granted to the federal government to states and the people, the lawsuit alleges that the order is “a severe invasion of San Francisco’s sovereignty”. The suit also accuses the president of acting “in blatant disregard of the law”. 
“You’re not an emperor who rules by fiat,” Herrera said at a news conference, describing the message he wants to send to Trump. “Obey the rule of law.”
The suit seeks to prevent the federal government from blocking funds to San Francisco. Herrera estimated that the city had about $1.2bn in federal funding at stake. 
The White House and the US attorney general did not immediately respond to a request for comment. 
Proponents of sanctuary policies, including Herrera and San Francisco’s mayor, Ed Lee, who also attended the press conference, argue that they make cities safer by enabling undocumented immigrants to seek help from law enforcement or local agencies without fear of deportation. 
A study by the Center for American Progress found that there were on average 35.5 fewer crimes committed per 10,000 people in sanctuary counties than in non-sanctuary counties. 
Sanctuary policies became a major flashpoint in the presidential campaign when a 32-year-old woman, Kathryn Steinle, was randomly shot and killed by an undocumented immigrant in San Francisco. The shooter, Juan Francisco Sanchez-Lopez, had recently been released from a San Francisco jail despite a request from federal immigration authorities, who sought to deport him. 
Steinle became a key talking point for Trump, who said that her death was “yet another example of why we must secure our border immediately”. 
On Friday, Miami-Dade County became the first jurisdiction to back down on sanctuary policies, with Mayor Carlos Gimenez announcing that the county would “fully cooperate” with Trump’s order. But other cities around the country have been gearing up for a fight with the Trump administration over immigration policy. 
It was with that defiant tone that Lee addressed the new lawsuit, saying: “Today, we fight back.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, will hold their first face-to-face talks next week in Florida, a highly anticipated meeting between leaders at odds over trade, China’s strategic ambitions and how to deal with North Korea’s weapons programs.
 The White House said Trump would host Xi next Thursday and Friday at his Mar-a-Lago retreat in Florida and “discuss global, regional, and bilateral issues of mutual concern”.
 Trump and his wife, Melania, will host Xi and his wife, Peng Liyuan, at a dinner next Thursday, a White House statement said.
It will be the first meeting between Xi and Trump, whose presidency began on 20 January, amid heightened tensions between the world’s two largest economies over issues including North Korea, the disputed South China Sea, Taiwan and trade.
 Lu Kang, a Chinese foreign ministry spokesman, gave no details of the agenda in announcing Xi’s travel plans at a daily news briefing in Beijing, but spoke of the need to see the big picture while fostering mutual interests in trade relations.
 “The market dictates that interests between our two countries are structured so that you will always have me and I will always have you,” Lu said.
 “Both sides should work together to make the cake of mutual interest bigger and not simply seek fairer distribution,” he said in response to a question about trade frictions.
US administration officials say North Korea, the large US trade imbalance with China and Beijing’s pursuit of expansive claims in the South China Sea will top the agenda.
The summit will follow a string of other recent US-China meetings and conversations aimed at mending ties after strong criticism of China by Trump during his election campaign.
The US secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, ended a trip to Asia this month in Beijing, agreeing to work together with China on North Korea and stressing Trump’s desire to enhance understanding.
 China has been irritated at being told repeatedly by Washington to rein in North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs and by the US decision to base an advanced missile defense system in South Korea.
 Beijing is also deeply suspicious of US intentions towards self-ruled Taiwan, which China claims as its own.
 During his election campaign, Trump accused China of unfair trade policies, criticized its island-building in the strategic South China Sea, and accused it of doing too little to constrain North Korea.
 Trump also incensed Beijing in December by taking a phone call from the Taiwanese president, Tsai Ing-wen, and saying that Washington did not have to stick to a “one China” policy.
 He later agreed in a phone call with Xi to honor the longstanding policy and has also written to Xi since seeking “constructive ties”.



ARTICLE
Hundreds of Democrats have gathered in Atlanta to chart their path forward after a demoralizing defeat in last year’s election. The most pressing issue on the agenda: choosing a new chair to lead the party in the era of Donald Trump.
After a months-long national campaign, the chairmanship will be decided by 447 voting members – party functionaries, including state party chairs, activists, donors and elected officials – in a ballroom at the Atlanta Convention Center on Saturday.
Former labor secretary Tom Perez, and Minnesota congressman Keith Ellison are the leading contenders for the job in a field that has winnowed to seven as of Thursday. 
Though the tussle between the frontrunners has remained cordial in public, it bears echoes of the turbulent 2016 presidential primary that splintered the party along ideological lines. Perez is the preferred candidate of the Democratic establishment while Ellison is the choice of the party’s ascendent progressive wing. The remaining candidates are hoping to forge a lane through the middle. 
No one has secured a majority of support yet, raising the possibility of multiple rounds before one candidate receives 224 votes.
Meet the candidates in the running for DNC chair. 

Former labor secretary Tom Perez, 55, says Democrats need a “turnaround specialist” – a technician for a party badly in need of repair – and he’s the one for the job.
He says his experience turning around the civil rights division at the justice department after the Bush era, and then doing the same with the 10,000-person workforce at the labor department is the model for what he wants to do with the DNC.
“I have a record of success in taking a complex organization, raising its performance and making sure it’s firing on all cylinders,” he told the Guardian en route to Seattle to meet with DNC members in the run-up to the Atlanta meeting. “That quality of a turnaround specialist is a really important quality in the next DNC chair.”
Perez, who appears to hold an edge in the contest, has spent the past few months meeting with DNC members in dozens of cities across the country. His takeaway from those conversations is that party Democrats feel underutilized.
“That won’t be the case if I’m the chair,” Perez said. “We need everybody engaged.”
As part of the DNC’s culture change, Perez envisions an “every zip code” strategy that would invest greater resources into state and local parties. He’s also said the party must do a better job engaging progressives and young people. As he puts it: “Diversity is being invited to the dance. Inclusion is being asked to dance.”
Since entering the race in December, reportedly at the urging of Obama administration officials, Perez picked up high-profile endorsements from former vice-president Joe Biden and former attorney general Eric Holder. He’s also earned the support of several labor groups.
Supporters say that Perez, the son of immigrants from the Dominican Republic who was raised in blue-collar Buffalo, New York, is best positioned to articulate an economic message that resonates with white working-class voters, while also advancing a progressive agenda.
His ties to the Obama administration and to Hillary Clinton have elicited suspicion from some progressive activists who view Perez as a representative of the Democratic establishment that failed to keep Trump from reaching the White House.
During the presidential primary, Perez endorsed Clinton, and she later considered him as a potential running mate.
Perez has said his progressive record “takes a backseat to no one”. While at the justice department, he led the investigation into Trayvon Martin’s death, sued Arizona’s Joe Arpaio – the Maricopa County sheriff who was recently charged with contempt of court in a racial profiling case – and challenged voter ID laws in Texas and South Carolina. At the labor department, Perez expanded the overtime pay rule and extended paid sick leave.
Perez said he’s confident all factions of the party will rally around him should he be elected. 
“What unites us far exceeds where there are differences,” Perez said. 
“And what unites us all is the existential threat of Donald Trump and this far-right Republican Congress. We cannot do anything to deflect our attention from the task at hand.”
The first into the race, Keith Ellison announced his candidacy just days after Clinton’s loss, while many Democrats were still reeling from the shock of Trump’s election.
The liberal congressman, who started his career as a community organizer, is the favorite among progressive Democrats and activists, many of whom don’t have a say in Saturday’s election but consider the election a test of their standing within the party. 
Both he and Perez have sought to downplay the narrative that the race is a proxy battle between wrangling factions of Democrats, even though Ellison’s supports clearly view it that way. 
“I believe I’m the unity candidate in this race because I supported both Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton,” Ellison said on Wednesday. After vocally advocating for Sanders in the primary, Ellison became a prominent supporter of Clinton’s. 
Ellison was the first Muslim elected to Congress, and was sworn in on Thomas Jefferson’s Qur’an. He is a co-chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus and straddles the internal party debate between economic populism and identity politics. He also predicted that Donald Trump could win the nomination when few believed it could happen, a foresight the president praised on Wednesday. 
The congressman has earned support from Sanders and Senator Elizabeth Warren as well as Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer. He was also backed by the AFL-CIO, an influential federation of labor unions.
Ellison’s biggest impediment is the criticism from Jewish groups and donors over his past support for the Nation of Islam and recently resurfaced comments on Israel. He has apologized for the remarks and forcefully denied the charges of antisemitism. 
“I have a long, strong history of interfaith dialogue, interfaith communication, and that’s why in my own community, I have strong support from the Jewish community,” Ellison said during the CNN debate. “These are smears and we’re fighting back every day.”
If elected, Ellison has called for a 3,143-county strategy, an expansion of the 50-state strategy, which is a political approach that funnels money and resources to state and local parties. He has said he would resign his seat in Congress if he won the race.
South Bend mayor Pete Buttigieg’s dark horse campaign is gaining steam in the final run-up to Atlanta. His sterling résumé, combined with a string of appearances in the national press, has some members doing a double take. 
Buttigieg is a popular, 35-year-old mayor from a red state, a Harvard graduate and Rhodes scholar, who left office temporarily to serve as a navy reserve intelligence officer in Afghanistan. In 2015, after Indiana passed a religious freedom law that critics say allows business to discriminate against LGBT individuals and days before the supreme court legalized same-sex marriage, Buttigieg came out as gay in an essay published in the local paper.
“I sometimes joke that I spent Thanksgiving morning in a deer blind with my boyfriend’s father,” Buttigieg told the Guardian in Washington last week. “I don’t comfortably fit into identity-ideological buckets on the matrix.”
He wants to see Democrats become more competitive in conservative states by reinvesting in local and state party infrastructure. He has said the organic resistance movement launched a “season of happy warriors”, and wants the Democratic apparatus to be shaped by that energy rather than the other way around.
The mayor is offering himself as a “compromise candidate”, someone who is not closely associated with either wing and an alternate choice if no candidate wins a majority on the first ballot. 
Sally Boynton Brown has been the executive director of the Democratic party in Idaho since 2012. 
As chairwoman, Boynton Brown said she would make empowering women and minorities a priority. 
“This past election laid bare the sexism that women have endured every day of our lives for generations,” she said. “‘Our path forward can’t gloss over this unjust barrier to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness that pervades our society.”
Boynton Brown has been criticized by conservative media for comments she made during a discussion about prejudice in the Democratic party at a forum on race. 
“My job is to listen to the issues,” she said, adding: “My job is to shut other white people down when they want to interrupt.” On Wednesday, she said the remark was taken out of context by far-right conservatives and reasserted her call for greater inclusiveness. 
Jehmu Greene is the former director of Rock The Vote and was a Democratic political analyst on Fox News before jumping into the race for DNC chair. 
The daughter of Liberian immigrants, Greene is a first-generation American who grew up in Texas. She has touted her experience as an activist and an organizer as an asset to a party looking for someone to translate the energy of the opposition movement into electoral successes. 
Greene has laid out an ambitious vision for the party. She called for a voter turnout moonshot of as high as 80% by 2020, full gender parity in elective office by 2030 and a revamped Democratic primary system to make it more open and transparent. 

Peter Peckarsky is a Milwaukee-based attorney who has dedicated himself to issues of voter and election protection. After the 2016 election, he joined the voter recount efforts led by the Green party candidate, Jill Stein, in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. 
He has argued that voter ID laws are in violation of the US constitution and during the CNN debate on Wednesday he called on Donald Trump to offer proof of his claim that three million people voted illegally in the 2016 election. 

Sam Ronan is a 27-year-old US air force veteran from Ohio who entered the race to bring wholesale change to the DNC. During the CNN debate, Ronan said the Democratic presidential primaries were rigged because the DNC is “an insider’s game”. He has vowed to change that by making the party more transparent and rejecting all corporate donations. 



ARTICLE
In the suburbs of Minneapolis–St Paul, friends gather around a backyard campfire to discuss how to turn their Donald Trump anger into action.
In San Francisco, California, an all-female crew eats Middle Eastern food and reads the constitution. 
In Decatur, Georgia, a silver bell gets rung if anyone in the group of mainly suburban moms starts speaking off-topic during their monthly get-togethers.
Political “salons” are popping up in living rooms, bars and backyards in response to the 2016 election of Donald Trump. Some have wine; some have a set agenda; all are scheming how to fight against this presidency. 
Salons first gained fame in France during the Enlightenment, with citizens gathering to engage in political conversations and arguments; they acted as a place to plan revolution and discuss philosophy. The concept has continued ever since, with the author Gertrude Stein and the former secretary of state Madeleine Albright both known to have hosted them.
“I used the term salon to evoke old gatherings of artists and intellectuals in a hostess’s home,” said Mary Huber, founder of the Progressive Salon of Decatur. “Yep, Paris in the 1920s, recreated here in Decatur, Georgia,” she quipped.
The 2017 salon is more often marked by groups of friends and neighbors organizing specific political actions, from raising money to educating each other about the refugee ban, while hanging out and making new friendships.
“I used to meet friends at the gym; now I meet them in brainstorming sessions,” said Huber.
At 7pm on a Sunday night once a month, a crowd of about 20 people pile into the semi-retired attorney’s lounge room, with the dining chairs set up around the couches in a semi-circle.
“We are not here to sit around around and complain,” explained Huber. The group is a mixture of people from the middle-class neighborhood of Chelsea Heights, including folk musicians, stay-at-home moms, lawyers and a former nun.
They are focused on three key topics: the repeal of the Affordable Care Act (ACA), the April special election for the sixth congressional district in Georgia (vacant after Tom Price became head of health and human Services in the Trump administration), and the 2018 midterm elections (the governor of Georgia is up for re-election).
At their last meeting, a woman gave a presentation on refugee work in the area. Another presented on training she’d received about the ACA, popularly known as Obamacare. Two members had attended town hall meetings and met with local senators’ staffers. 
Their official group mascot is the mosquito. “We need to be like mosquitoes, and literally bug the hell out of them,” said Huber. 
It’s enormous fun, says Huber, although it’s not a party. “I am not letting people sit around and get buzzed – they will not get anything done,” she said. 
“Maybe I should add snacks,” she laughed. 
In a forested backyard in the Minneapolis–St Paul suburbs, folks gather around a literal campfire to chat about their election concerns.
“Getting around a fire pit like humans have done for thousands of years, we’re able to have a discussion about politics in a way that is civil, personal, and such a relief,” said Brad Canham, creator of the Fire Pit Salon.
Canham started the Fire Pit Salons in early 2016, after the election came up during a local dinner party and the host quickly changed the topic because she feared it was too divisive. So Canham started inviting friends around specifically to discuss what was going on.
“It’s kind of a variation on the normal ‘parents with kids getting together’,” said Canham. “Bring over some food and a bottle of wine … and we go out and we talk about politics.” 
There’s a secret Facebook group, common among neighborhood salons for planning, but most discussion happens around the fire. The 52-year-old management consultant thinks the presence of flames makes it easier for people to chat. 
“The fire pit has become a fundamental gathering place where people feel safe to talk about this kind of stuff,” he said.
Canham even developed the “Fire Pit Method”, which includes a downloadable PDF, to help people discuss their feelings, how they fit into the world and how they can take action.
At the most recent meeting, last week, the big topic was fatigue – of media and politics, said Canham. Someone offered up the metaphor for giving birth as a suitable philosophical idea for the moment.
Right now, Canham says, we’re in the intensely emotional period of labor when everything slows down and people lose hope. 
“Sometimes you need to breathe,” said Canham. “You can’t just push all the time, that isn’t the way it works.” He said he was using that analogy to inspire him until his next big salon in May.
While marching in the San Francisco Women’s March in January, Palak Sheth and her friend Raveena Rihal decided to “do something that sustains the energy and passion feeling today”, said Sheth.
So they created PMS: Post March Salon. An all-female group, they will meet once a month (yes, the name works on many levels), on the date of either the inauguration or the women’s march.
“Just like the salons of the 18th century, where intellectuals and artists gathered to socialize and increase their knowledge through conversation, our goal is to connect, organize, converse and, most importantly, act,” they wrote in an email inviting their friends to the first event.
During the salons, they all achieve one action together, and then everyone has to do something during the month, such as reading the constitution or making a phone call to a representative.
“I’m trying to keep the burden low. I want to engage the folks who’ve done more in the last month than the last 30 years,” said Sheth, who is 36 and a managing director in the San Francisco City attorney’s office.
For the first PMS event, she cooked up a Middle Eastern feast of tagine, rice pilaf, tzatziki and halloumi salad, specifically chosen to draw attention to the Trump administration’s travel ban, and served it in her Lower Haights home. “It was either going to be Mexican food or Middle Eastern food,” she said. 
As an ice breaker, they introduced themselves by also saying a relevant word about how they were feeling politically using the first letter of their name – and they’ve taken to use them as nicknames in emails. Palak is Persist, Raveena is Resistance, Maureen is Motivation.
“I believe in the need for it to be friendly and social,” said Sheth. Chat about jobs and relationships and workouts help because “all of those things are really what are going to build the foundation of why you want to come back”. 
The Seattle Resistance Salon was created partly to find others to commiserate with.
“People feel scared and crazy and isolated right now, and that’s exactly how the bastards want us. Salons promote culture and civilization merely by bringing people with a common purpose together in a room,” said the group’s founder, David Stoesz, a 49-year-old writer.
About 10-15 people get together for drinks in a local bar in downtown Seattle or in Stoesz’s home every two weeks.
At the first event, in December, Stoesz sat alone at the bar and no one turned up. The next week, three people showed, and gradually more and more started coming along. Now the group of 40-50 people are a “social club that’s engaged in shared political action”.
They’ve attended the Women’s March, anti-travel ban protests and a rally in support of a local “Dreamer” immigrant who was arrested, and are focusing on fundraising to support Democrats in coming special elections.
Part of the salons is “given over to ranting and raving. It has no real purpose but to make people feel better,” joked Stoesz. 
When asked what inspired him to start his own salon, Stoesz talks about his 17-year-old daughter and her group of smart, politically engaged friends, many of whom are non-white or gender non-conforming. The day after the election, he felt a deep sense of shame reading their scared Facebook posts about not feeling like they belonged in the United States. 
“We adults fucked this up. We let this happen,” he said, choking up. “I wrote back to them: ‘You do belong here. I’m sorry for my role as an adult and I’m going to do everything I can to fight this.’ And I’m trying.” 



ARTICLE
Hi readers. As of tomorrow, Donald Trump has been president for 100 days. If it feels like longer, it’s because the way we perceive time depends on the number of new things we experience – our brains take longer to process novelty than repetition, and whatever your political persuasion you must admit this administration has been novel so far.
For this week’s fact-check, we’ll take a look back over the past 99 days and try to see whether the president has fulfilled any of his promises to the people who voted for him.
Step 1: Try to understand what Trump voters expected. This is not easy. About 63 million people in America voted for him, and their reasons can’t accurately be captured by simple polling percentages.
However, reading through many of the interviews that were conducted with Trump voters in the days after the election, several themes emerge. 
Immigration repeatedly appears to have been a motivation. For example Heather, 43, said she wanted “a halt to the preference of immigrants before citizens”, while another Trump voter anonymously explained: “The primary policy that I was behind was his immigration policies.”
There are two other elements of democracy which are often mentioned by Trump voters. First, the media – more specifically described as “the mainstream media” or “the liberal media” – coming under criticism for being biased. Second, the federal government, which is described as corrupt and inefficient. As a candidate, Trump suggested voters were right to distrust both the “lying” media and “the swamp” of government – leaving few other places for voters to channel their faith but himself. 
So has President Trump kept the media and government in line?
Step 2: Trump made campaign pledges to “stop illegal immigration, deport all criminal aliens” and also remove all existing undocumented immigrants from the country. Big promises. To figure out if they’ve been kept, we need to look up immigration statistics. 
 I Googled “immigrant arrest statistics” and filtered for results published in the past month. A quick scan of the first few pages showed that there aren’t any results published by federal authorities, so I had to go for a plan B and clicked on an article by the Washington Post. Their journalists requested numbers from US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (Ice), so it’s the next best thing to a direct source.
Ice numbers suggest that Trump is attempting to fulfill his promise. From 20 January to 13 March, arrests of immigrants with no criminal record were twice as high as what they were over the same period in 2016. 
But the figures are still lower than they were in the first few months of 2014, when Barack Obama was in office. And although arrests have risen under Trump, deportations have remained pretty steady, falling by just 1.2%. It’s also worth noting that the the arrests make up a small share of the 11 million undocumented immigrants living in the US (by the way, that number hasn’t risen for the past eight years). Perhaps Trump voters feel they can be patient for more to follow. 
Step 3: As a candidate, Trump responded to voter concerns about government inefficiency by promising to enact a “a requirement that for every new federal regulation, two existing regulations must be eliminated”. I simply Googled the claim word for word with quote marks around it (that way the search engine only shows results that contain that exact phrase), as well as “promises kept”. I landed at Politifact. 
The page explains that on 31 January, Trump signed an executive order with wording that was pretty similar to his initial promise. 
To see whether the executive order has had any impact, I searched for “new federal regulations per month” and landed here, the Regulatory Studies Center at the George Washington University. They have really fascinating data on this subject (I had no idea that the Code of Federal Regulations has grown from 71,224 pages in 1975 to 178,277 at the end of 2015), but unfortunately they don’t have any new data for 2017. Still though, I’ll be keeping an eye on this page in the future. 
Step 4: To find out what Trump has done for voters who were frustrated with the media, I remembered an email I received yesterday from the Index on Censorship, a nonprofit campaign group on free expression. (I know it’s a bit of a cheat, but a search for “press freedom under Trump” would have gotten you to a similar place.)
The group has just published a study that reviewed over 150 media freedom incidents that happened in the US between 30 June 2016 and 28 February 2017. That number isn’t supposed to represent every incident that took place, but still. The report summary says:
For many journalists, this is deeply worrying. But for some Trump voters who didn’t trust the “dishonest” media in the first place, maybe it’s not a big deal. 
On these three promises, it looks like Trump has at least tried to keep his word. I’m reminded yet again of writer Masha Gessen’s survival guide which she published a couple of days after the last US election: “Rule #1: Believe the autocrat.”
Would you like to see something fact-checked? Send me your questions! mona.chalabi@theguardian.com / @MonaChalabi



ARTICLE
With three Oscar wins from eight nominations, the success of the gritty coming-of-age drama Moonlight at last month’s Academy awards should have been a celebration of a thriving Florida film industry, once the nation’s largest outside Hollywood and New York.
Instead, the state’s association of moviemakers is warning that Moonlight, which was set and filmed entirely in Miami, could be among the last of Florida’s long production line of blockbusters. 
The group says that a bill currently working its way through the legislature in Tallahassee threatens the future of movie and television production in the state by eliminating financial incentives to film there and driving billions of dollars of potential revenue to rivals. 
If signed into law, the bill would also eliminate the 40-year-old office of film and entertainment, leaving Florida alongside Vermont as the only two states with no dedicated taxpayer-funded support for production companies.
“We’re effectively telling the world that we don’t take the film industry seriously here, we don’t want your business,” said Kelly Paige, president of Film Florida, a non-profit association of movie, TV and digital media producers.
“Florida’s film history is long and rich and we have people coming here from all over the world, but we need a film office, no ifs, ands or buts. What are they going to do when they want to shoot in a state park, or need a road closed, or a permit for something? If there’s no place for them to call, they’re not going to come.”
Film Florida calculates that $875m in revenue has already been lost since the legislature allowed sales tax exemptions in place for the entertainment industry since 2004 to expire last summer. The association says a $26m hit came when HBO switched filming of its hit series Ballers, starring Dwayne Johnson, from Miami to California to take advantage of that state’s tax-incentive programme, similar to the one Florida looks set to permanently eliminate.
Paige is worried that the new proposals, contained in a Republican-sponsored bill that seeks to shut down several other economic development projects, will crush the enthusiasm of film-makers such as the Florida State University graduates behind Moonlight.
“We want those creative minds to stay here and make their second and third and fourth movies here,” she said. “But how do we keep those creative people here, buying their homes here, raising their children here? That’s a conversation we’re hoping to have with legislators.”
Tarell Alvin McCraney, the Miami-born playwright who won the best adapted screenplay Oscar for Moonlight, alongside the movie’s co-author and director Barry Jenkins, told the Guardian he shared Film Florida’s concerns.
“There were people who worked on Moonlight who were only in Florida at the time of filming because it was their last job before moving to Atlanta or Los Angeles for work,” he said. “Barry and [producer] Adele Romanski and Andrew Hevia, co-founder of the Borscht Corporation, all from Florida, all graduating from FSU, worked hard to keep the film set, shot and celebrating south Florida.
“There are so many stories to be celebrated and created here. There are also many artists, technicians and business owners in the film industry in Florida who want to be here. But when we don’t provide an opportunity for those stories to be shared, we all lose, large production and the revenue it can bring and intimate production alike.
“Look at all the TV shows set here that no longer film here. I hope the story of how Moonlight came to be can shine a light on this economic possibility for our state and the business-minded government of Florida will seek to help create a pathway to more like it,” McCraney added.
Film Florida’s leaders, who will discuss their fears with lawmakers in Tallahassee next Tuesday, appear to have an unlikely ally in Rick Scott, Florida’s Republican governor. Scott is at odds with the Florida house speaker, Richard Corcoran, who is promoting the incentive cutbacks as a war on “corporate welfare” and the governor has suggested he might veto the bill.
“A vote for these bills was a vote to kill tourism and jobs in Florida,” Scott said after the state’s house of representatives voted to approve two parallel incentive reduction bills, including the closure of the state’s economic development agency, last week. Corcoran, meanwhile, insisted his colleagues were “right on the policy, right on the principle”.
For Paige, however, it’s more about Florida’s legacy as a major film-making state renowned for popular movies including Scarface, Edward Scissorhands, Body Heat, There’s Something About Mary and Caddyshack and a succession of TV hits from Flipper and Miami Vice to more recent series such as CSI: Miami and Ballers.
“We had Flipper going in the 1960s, which started people thinking how beautiful it would be to visit Florida in the warm weather,” she said. “Miami Vice actually created South Beach, and if you’re young and hip and want to to have a great time, South Beach is one of our busiest tourist areas outside of Disney and Universal, which are themselves all about films.”



ARTICLE
The insistence by the former US intelligence chief James Clapper that there was no electronic surveillance of Donald Trump or his presidential campaign directly contradicted the president’s claims he was being wiretapped.
However, Clapper’s assertion does not necessarily conflict with reports that secret court orders were issued in the course of a justice department investigation of Russian efforts to skew the election in Trump’s favour, and possible collusion in those efforts by his associates.
The News Corp-owned Heat Street news site and later the BBC published reports in November and January respectively that a secret surveillance order had been issued by a special court allowing the justice department to investigate two Russian banks suspected of being part of the Kremlin’s efforts to hurt Hillary Clinton’s campaign and aid Trump’s.
The BBC said the justice department request had originally been based on a tip-off from an intelligence agency in one of the Baltic states, saying that the banks were being used to channel Kremlin money into the US presidential campaign.
Both reports said the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (Fisa) court gave permission in mid-October for monitoring of the activities of the two banks that also covered Trump associates.
The Guardian has been unable to independently verify that reporting. However, the Guardian reported earlier this year that the Fisa court last summer turned down an application for an order that would have involved four members of the Trump campaign.
A source familiar with the case said that the intention behind the application was to explore the nature of contacts between individuals linked to the campaign and Moscow. The Fisa court, established in 1978, is housed in a specially built annex to the federal courthouse in Washington. One of its 11 judges drawn from around the country is on duty in any given week. It very rarely rejects applications outright but quite frequently asks the government to tighten the focus of its request to minimise any unnecessary surveillance of Americans.
The Heat Street and BBC reports said that after the first unsuccessful application, the justice department had refined its request. According to the BBC, the successful application in October named only the banks as direct targets, but the request was part of a broader investigation into possible collusion, in which three Trump associates were under scrutiny.
Asked about Trump’s tweeted claims that he had been the subject of wiretapping by Barack Obama, Clapper told NBC’s Meet the Press: “There was no such wiretap activity mounted against the president, the president-elect at the time, or as a candidate, or against his campaign.”
Asked if there had been a Fisa warrant to that end, Clapper – who was director of national intelligence (DNI) in the Obama administration – flatly declared: “I can deny it.”
However, former US officials and legal experts said there were various ways Clapper’s remarks could be consistent with the reports of a Fisa court order.
If the Fisa order only named the Russian banks, then it would be technically correct to say it did not target the Trump camp, even if the order was part of a broader investigation of links between members of his team and Moscow.
Furthermore, the court order could refer to a clause in legislation allowing the justice department to demand business records, such as bank transfer records or archived emails, rather than a full surveillance warrant. 
In the case of electronic communications, those records could be just a few seconds old, so almost as valuable as live wiretap, but the Fisa court order would be easier to obtain.
Julian Sanchez, a senior fellow at the Cato Institute, said that for the justice department to target US persons under Fisa directly, it would have to show probable cause that they were acting as “agents of a foreign power”.
 “An application targeting only foreign corporate entities – especially entities openly controlled or directed by the Russian government – would require no such showing, even if the FBI’s ultimate interest were in communications concerning those US persons,” Sanchez wrote on the Just Security website.
Lastly, the Trump advisers most closely linked to Russia – Trump’s former campaign manager Paul Manafort and the businessman Trump once described as a foreign policy adviser, Carter Page – had left the campaign over the summer, after reports surfaced about their ties. If they had been covered by the court order, it would not count as targeting the campaign.
“Anyone who is in the intelligence community would understand what Clapper said as there being no wiretap targeting of Trump or his campaign,” Todd Hinnen, a former acting assistant attorney general for national security at the justice department, said. “I don’t think what Clapper said contradicts the BBC report that there was a Fisa order targeting Russian banks.”
However, even if an investigation did go ahead with the aid of the Fisa court ruling, it is not clear whether it produced any incriminating evidence of collaboration between the Trump camp and Moscow’s election meddling. In his Sunday interview Clapper said by the time he left office on 20 January, “We had no evidence of such collusion.”



ARTICLE
Democrats were silent on Thursday as Tulsi Gabbard, one of the party’s sitting lawmakers in Congress, announced that she had met with Bashar al-Assad during a trip to war-torn Syria and dismissed his entire opposition as “terrorists”.
Gabbard, a Democratic congresswoman from Hawaii, disclosed her meeting with the Syrian president on Wednesday, during what her office called a “fact-finding” mission in the region.
“Initially I hadn’t planned on meeting him,” Gabbard told CNN’s Jake Tapper. “When the opportunity arose to meet with him, I did so, because I felt it’s important that if we profess to truly care about the Syrian people, about their suffering, then we’ve got to be able to meet with anyone that we need to if there is a possibility that we could achieve peace. And that’s exactly what we talked about.”
Democratic leaders were mum on the decision by one of their sitting lawmakers to meet with a dictator whom the US government has dubbed a war criminal for his use of chemical weapons against civilians. 
Gabbard’s trip raised alarms over a potential violation of the Logan Act, a federal statute barring unauthorized individuals from conferring with a foreign government involved in a dispute with the US. The US currently has no diplomatic relations with Syria.
Gabbard’s office said her visit was approved by the House ethics committee. A spokesman for the committee declined to comment, although under its rules members have a period of 15 days following the completion of a trip to make public their approval letter and financial disclosures related to privately funded travel.
The offices of Nancy Pelosi, the House minority leader, and Chuck Schumer, the Senate Democratic leader, did not respond to requests for comment when reached by the Guardian. The White House did not immediately return an email inquiry, nor did a spokeswoman for House speaker Paul Ryan.
Pelosi told reporters on Wednesday that she had no knowledge of Gabbard’s unannounced trip, which drew scrutiny over who arranged and paid for the travel.
“She hasn’t reported or brought anything to our office as far as I know,” Pelosi said at a press conference held before Gabbard’s revelation about her meeting with Assad.
“So when I know more about it, I’ll have something to say about it.” 
Adam Kinzinger, a Republican congressman from Illinois, was among few lawmakers to immediately condemn Gabbard’s actions. 
“It is sad and a shame and a disgrace,” Kinzinger told reporters at a Republican policy retreat in Philadelphia. “In no way should any member of Congress, should any government official, ever travel to meet with a guy that has killed 500,000 people and 50,000 children.”
Kinzinger called on leadership in both parties to condemn Gabbard’s trip and questioned how it was financed. But Kinzinger – like Gabbard, an Iraq war veteran – said he would need to know more to file an ethics complaint against his colleague.
“She has the audacity to say that everywhere she went people supported Assad,” Kinzinger said. “Of course, when you have an Assad-led tour, he’s only going to take you to places where people like him”.
Evan McMullin, a former independent candidate for president in the 2016 presidential election, asked on Twitter: “Why are so many of our leaders becoming stooges of foreign dictators and war criminals? @TulsiGabbard @realDonaldTrump This is America!” 
Senator John McCain, who went to Syria in 2013 to meet opposition groups and was criticized by the Assad regime for doing so, reportedly said Gabbard’s visit “send[s] the wrong signal”.
“It kind of legitimizes a guy who butchered 400,000 of his own people,” the senator from Arizona said.
While Gabbard did not travel in her official capacity as a representative of the American government, she is the first sitting US lawmaker to meet with Assad since the start of the conflict in Syria. She is also a member of the House committee on foreign relations.
The House committee was not made aware of Gabbard’s trip beforehand as it was not official travel, a spokesman for New York congressman Eliot Engel, the ranking Democrat on the panel, told the Guardian.
“Mr Engel’s position on Assad is well established,” the spokesman, Tim Mulvey, said in a statement. “He’s a war criminal and a murderer, he has supported and benefited from terrorism, he has close ties to Russia, and he cannot have a role in Syria’s future.”
A spokesman for Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee, declined to comment.
Gabbard’s office claims her trip was funded by the Arab American Community Center for Economic and Social Services (Aaccess) – Ohio; however, the group has not reported any financial revenue to the US government since 2006.
Bassam Khawam, the executive director of Aaccess who traveled with Gabbard, reportedly belongs to a pro-Assad Lebanese political party, the Syrian Social Nationalist party (SSNP). The party has dispatched its members to fight on behalf of the Assad regime during the nearly six-year war. 
 Gabbard was joined on the trip by former Ohio congressman Dennis Kucinich, who has made prior trips to meet Assad that were also funded by Aaccess. Kucinich, who interviewed the Syrian president as a contributor for Fox News in 2013, has also defended Assad’s intentions in Syria.
Gabbard framed her sit-down meeting with Assad as part of a necessary dialogue in order to resolve the Syrian conflict. The war began after a series of pro-democracy protests in March 2011 were swiftly and brutally put down by the Assad regime. The war has since devolved into a brutal and complex war, fuelled by sectarian, political and international divisions.
“Whatever you think of President Assad, the fact is that he is the president of Syria,” Gabbard said. “In order for any possibility of a viable peace agreement to occur, there has to be a conversation with him.”
Gabbard said her trip to the region was born from “the suffering of the Syrian people that has been weighing heavily on my heart.” 
But in 2015, she was one of just 47 Democrats who sided with Republicans and backed a GOP-sponsored measure that would essentially block Syrian and Iraqi refugees from resettling in the US. Gabbard was also a vocal critic of the Obama administration – which repeatedly called for Assad to step down – for arming Syrian rebel groups.
In November, Gabbard met with then president-elect Donald Trump to discuss foreign policy. Trump has stated he will end assistance to US-backed Syrian rebels. His son, Donald Trump Jr, met privately with pro-Russia diplomats and political figures in October to discuss the Syrian conflict.
During her interview with CNN, Gabbard claimed the US was funding terrorist groups by assisting Syrian rebels and further pushed a talking point propagated by the Assad regime and the Russian government that there are no moderate rebels in Syria.
That argument was also at the center of an op-ed published by Gabbard on Thursday in her hometown newspaper, the Honolulu Star-Advertiser. 
“Repeatedly I was told there is no difference between ‘moderate’ rebels and al-Qaeda (al-Nusra) or Isis – they are all the same,” Gabbard wrote. 
“Although opposed to the Assad government, the political opposition leaders adamantly rejected violence as a way to bring about reforms.”
International monitoring organizations estimate there have been at least 400,000 civilian casualties in Syria during the war. Assad’s forces, supported by Russian airstrikes, have been accused of deliberately targeting civilians. More than 11 million Syrians have been forced to flee their homes, according to the United Nations. The number includes those who are internally displaced, as well as the millions of displaced refugees in neighboring countries. 
Gabbard was elected to the US Congress in 2012 and has been regarded as a rising star within the Democratic party. 
Even so, she has often clashed with party officials and resigned from her position as vice-chair of the Democratic National Committee amid tensions over the 2016 presidential primary. Gabbard went on to endorse Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont and became one of his most visible surrogates during the campaign.
Spokespeople for both Sanders and the DNC declined to comment on Gabbard’s meeting with Assad and subsequent refusal to criticize the dictator. 
Additional reporting by Ben Jacobs in Philadelphia



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
On his 100th day in office, facing a historically low popularity rating, a succession of intractable foreign crises and multiple investigations of his links with Moscow, Donald Trump reminded the nation that 1 May was Loyalty Day.
The day is an American tradition dating back to the Cold War, when it was a bolster to stop May Day becoming a rallying point for socialists and unionised workers. But for an embattled president learning on the job, it has an added resonance.
Making his remarks in an interview with Fox News timing with the 100-day mark, Trump also declared himself “disappointed” with congressional Republicans – despite his many “great relationships” with them.
Regarding his lack of signature legislative achievement, he blamed the constitutional checks and balances built in to US governance. “It’s a very rough system,” he said. “It’s an archaic system … It’s really a bad thing for the country.”
The Loyalty Day announcement came amid a flurry of other proclamations to mark a milestone at which presidencies are traditionally measured. The coming seven days were named both National Charter Schools Week and Small Business Week. May has been burdened with being National Physical Fitness and Sports Month, Older Americans Month, Jewish American Heritage Month, National Foster Care Month and Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month.
Such announcements are always a mechanism to help a president look busy – doubly so for an inexperienced politician rapidly learning the limits of presidential power even with a solid Republican majority in Congress.
Trump has failed to get any of his priorities turned into legislation in the face of party disunity, and his attempt to rule by executive order has been largely hollow. His decrees have been either meaningless, like his one-page, detail-free tax reform plan, or have been been blocked by the courts, like his two attempts to impose a travel ban on refugees and travellers from some Muslim-majority countries.
In what is supposed to be a honeymoon period, the president’s approval rating has remained mired at historic lows, hovering around and frequently below 40%, well below recent predecessors at this stage.
But his core supporters have remained faithful, choosing to believe that the mainstream media is a purveyor of fake news rather than accept that Trump has not been the unrivalled success he has claimed. They have also accommodated Trump’s affinity for Vladimir Putin. The percentage of Republicans who see Russia as an unfriendly state has fallen from 82% in 2014 to 41%, according to a CNN/ORC poll. 
On his 100th day, Trump turned to this loyal base and trumpeted the issue that bonds them most tightly – economic nationalism. On an otherwise leisurely Saturday, in which his only other engagement was a morning call with the CIA director, Mike Pompeo, the president was due to attend an evening rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, a state in which disenchanted workers defected from the Democrats in droves in the 2016 election.
While visiting the town – and skipping the media’s White House Correspondents Dinner in Washington – he was due to sign an executive order to establish an office of trade and manufacturing policy, which will help push his drive for import substitution.
Trump’s weekly presidential address focused on jobs, repeating his claim that his first 100 days “has been just about the most successful in our country’s history” and pointing to evidence of an economic revival that has been previously suggested to be a result of corporate decisions made before Trump came to office.
In his address, Trump claimed that car companies were “roaring back in”, an apparent reference to General Motors’ plans and Ford’s decision to expand in Michigan, which both appear to be part of long-term strategy.
Trump also claimed that his approval of the Keystone oil pipeline from Canada would create tens of thousands of jobs. That will be true in the short term, during construction. After that, keeping the pipeline going is expected to employ 35 people on a permanent basis.
The gap between the extreme bravado of Trump’s claims and the daily realities of governing has deepened public cynicism. In a new Gallup poll, just 36% declared the president honest and trustworthy, down from 42 in early February. His general approval rating stood at 40%.
There is strong evidence however that fact-checking of presidential claims is having a small and dwindling impact on true Trump loyalists. Support remains strong in blue collar areas and evangelical strongholds, where there is more trust in the president than the mainstream media. 
The president has relentless assaulted the media, launching an attack per day on average, denouncing negative news as “fake news”. There are signs the offensive has inflicted wounds. One poll released on Friday found that more people trusted the White House than political journalists.
Against that background there were reports on Saturday that Steve Bannon, the champion of economic and ethnic nationalism, is making a political comeback in the White House, and that he remains a bulwark of Trump’s strategy to secure his core support and win again in 2020.
Bannon’s hand has been seen behind the rapid-burst issue of protectionist moves in the run up to the 100th day, including picking fights with Canada over milk and softwood imports and measures to shield the aluminium industry from foreign competition.
“All of these people who say the president doesn’t have an ideology, they’re wrong,” one unnamed Bannon ally told The Hill. “He does have an ideology, and it’s Bannon’s ideology. They are just now figuring out how to implement it.”
Bannon was also said to have drafted an executive order withdrawing the US from the North American Free Trade Area (Nafta). Trump chose simply to issue a call for its renegotiation on Thursday, reportedly after having been shown a map showing it would cost the most jobs in states that had supported him in the election. 
The battle between countervailing factions in the Trump White House continues to ebb and flow, but the president’s reflex in times of adversity is to fall back on the “America First” nativist message that got him elected in the first place.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump sought to rebuild his administration’s relationship with the Jewish community on Tuesday as he spoke out against Holocaust deniers and promised to confront antisemitism.
The US president was criticised after an official White House statement to commemorate International Holocaust Remembrance Day failed to mention Jews, his spokesman claimed that Hitler did not use chemical weapons against “his own people” and Trump himself described far-right Marine Le Pen as the “strongest” candidate in the French election, despite her party’s history of xenophobia and antisemitism.
In a speech marking Holocaust Remembrance Day at the US Capitol, Trump addressed an audience that included Holocaust survivors, Israeli ambassador Ron Dermer and the president’s son-in-law Jared Kushner, who is Jewish, as well as members of Congress.
Millions of innocent people were imprisoned and executed by the Nazis without mercy, Trump said. “Yet, even today, there are those who want to forget the past. Worse still, there are even those filled with such hate, total hate, that they want to erase the Holocaust from history. Those who deny the Holocaust are an accomplice to this horrible evil. And we’ll never be silent – we just won’t – we will never, ever be silent in the face of evil again.”
Trump earned applause during a 15-minute speech at the ceremony hosted by the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum. He highlighted recent incidents of antisemitism on university campuses, in the public square and in threats against Jewish citizens.
“Even worse, it’s been on display in the most sinister manner when terrorists attack Jewish communities, or when aggressors threaten Israel with total and complete destruction,” he said.
“This is my pledge to you: we will confront antisemitism. We will stamp out prejudice. We will condemn hatred. We will bear witness. And we will act. As president of the United States, I will always stand with the Jewish people – and I will always stand with our great friend and partner, the state of Israel.”
The improvisational businessman turned politician wisely stuck to the teleprompter but couldn’t resist an ad lib after speaking of the Nazi genocide: “You saw the organized attempt at the extermination of an entire people,” adding: “And great people, I must add.”
After his remarks, Trump took a seat on stage as Holocaust survivors lit candles in memory of the dead. Among them was Manny Mandel, who survived the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp.
Mandel, 81, a retired psychotherapist, said later: “I’m not a supporter of the president but I must say I was very impressed by the delivery, by the composition and by the whole spirit of how he did. I think I’ve not been as impressed by him ever before today.”



ARTICLE
Ivanka Trump marked her first foray into White House policy at a roundtable for female business leaders on Monday, as yet more retailers rushed to drop her clothing and accessories lines from their stores.
Sitting alongside Donald Trump and the Canadian prime minister, Justin Trudeau, Ivanka made only brief public remarks at the top of the meeting, pointing to the “unique challenges” faced by women in the workforce.
“I’m honored to be here and really looking forward to hearing from each of you,” Ivanka told the group of about a dozen business leaders, “as we think about the unique challenges that entrepreneurs, women in the workforce, female small business owners are confronted with each and every day, and as we think [about] how we level the playing field for this generation and for the next.”
The appearance came against the backdrop of a searing controversy over the impact of Ivanka’s newfound prominence in the White House on her commercial brand. 
On Monday, Burlington Stores joined other retailers in choosing not to carry Ivanka’s apparel on its website, according to a report in Business Insider. And over the weekend, Sears Holdings, the parent company of US retail stores Sears and Kmart, pulled 31 Trump-branded products from its website. 
Although Ivanka holds no formal role in the White House, she has frequently participated in official events with the president while her husband, Jared Kushner, is a senior adviser to the president. 
She sat next to Trudeau at Monday’s roundtable, which established a new taskforce called the United States Canada Council for the Advancement of Women Business Leaders-Female Entrepreneurs. Donald Trump, who sat across from his daughter, said Ivanka “is very much involved” in issues pertaining to women in the workplace.
Ivanka’s proximity to the administration has nonetheless come under increased scrutiny as her brand has begun to fall under the weight of her father’s political profile.
Earlier this month, Nordstrom became the first major retailer to stop selling Ivanka’s merchandise, citing a decline in sales. Luxury department store Neiman Marcus soon followed suit and dropped Ivanka’s jewelry line.
Sales of Ivanka’s products at Nordstrom had dropped more than 70% in the weeks before the 8 November election, according to internal data reported by the Wall Street Journal.
Following Nordstrom’s decision, Donald Trump and the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, publicly denounced the retailer for what they dubbed a political decision.
“My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom,” Donald Trump tweeted on Wednesday. 
Spicer meanwhile called Nordstrom’s move a “direct attack” on the president’s policies and Ivanka’s name.
Kellyanne Conway, Trump’s senior counselor, arguably lit the biggest fire by using a televised interview on Fox News, taped from the White House, to promote Ivanka’s merchandise.
Conway’s conduct was met with considerable backlash, prompting a letter from the House oversight committee recommending she be disciplined if necessary. 
The dust-up over Ivanka’s brand has, in many ways, proved to be an early microcosm of the looming conflict of interest questions surrounding Donald Trump and his family’s empire as he governs from the Oval Office.
Ivanka said she would take a leave of absence from her business when her father was sworn in as president. 
“I will take a formal leave of absence from the Trump Organization and my eponymous apparel and accessories brand,” Ivanka wrote on 11 January. 
“I will no longer be involved with the management or operations of either company.”
But according to ProPublica, she was still listed as running Trump businesses on at least some active liquor licenses associated with the family’s properties. 
Richard Painter, a White House ethics lawyer under George W Bush, said by acting as a de facto government employee, Ivanka was running the risk of mixing official business with her commercial enterprises. 
“If she wants to sit in as a woman business leader, I guess she can,” Painter said.
“But she can’t be getting into stuff at the White House that affects her businesses … She better stay an outsider.”
Painter said the Trump administration’s attack on companies that chose to no longer do business with Ivanka, such as Nordstrom, was the most concerning aspect of the saga.
“What Kellyanne Conway did was shilling for the Ivanka Trump brand from the White House – she shouldn’t do it,” he said.
“But much worse is trying to use the force of the government, the power of the government, to intimidate private markets for dissidents who don’t choose to do business with a member of the president’s family.”
“That’s where the attacks on Nordstrom were particularly reprehensible.”



ARTICLE
Just after 8am on the first of March, Lucia Gomez sat snarled in traffic on her way to her office when she received a call from an undocumented worker – an elderly member of the labor union where she works as an organizer. Two officers from Immigration and Customs Enforcement (Ice) were knocking at the door of the man’s apartment building in Union City, New Jersey. Should he let them in? Was it unlawful to not let them in? If he didn’t open the door, would they find a way to arrest and deport him anyway?
The man, who makes a living hauling asbestos waste, had been walking home with groceries for breakfast when the Ice officials had intercepted him. They asked for his name, which he gave, and his identity papers, which he said he needed to gather from his apartment. He’d be right back, he told them. 
Instead, dashing inside, he locked the door and waited, frozen in fear. Twenty-two years since he left his home for the US, he was careful to renew his drivers’ license each year and had long since received certification to handle hazardous waste that he was still carting in his late 60s. But he lacked legal residence papers. 
Through his window, he could see the officers lurking. 
Calculating a half-hour drive at least to the man’s home, Gomez phoned an immigration attorney, then another, and a third. No one picked up. She sent them texts. Nothing. It was early. People were probably commuting to work. Perhaps they were out of range. Her heart racing, she burst into tears. “My level of anxiety was through the roof,” Gomez said. 
Tough-minded and raspy-voiced, Gomez had worked for years as an immigration advocate before joining Local 78, a union that represents asbestos, lead and hazardous waste handlers in New York and New Jersey. Still, she said, she was at a loss about how best to counsel her union member – unclear on his rights, his obligations, and the rapidly vanishing options for undocumented or ambiguously documented people in Trump’s America.
Among the expanded powers that Trump’s executive orders and accompanying memos have given law enforcement since his inauguration, undocumented immigrants can be arrested and deported on mere suspicion of a broad array of offenses. According to immigrant advocates, that might include selling DVDs on the street, lingering in a park by nightfall or walking through an open gate in the subway.
Under the Obama administration, immigration authorities prioritized those convicted of committing serious crimes, such as murder or sexual assault. Trump’s new policies have begun to implement his campaign pledge to deport millions of undocumented immigrants and come atop a months-long barrage of statements in which the president and key members of his administration had demonized immigrants as drug dealers and rapists, pouring over the border unchecked and by the thousands to steal jobs from Americans.
Last Thursday, advocates gathered in front of the Ice offices in Manhattan in support of a man who was inside for a mandatory check-in with immigration officials, concerned that he would only re-emerge on a bus bound for a deportation center then shortly be deported to Trinidad. In a similar incident in Phoenix last month, a woman who would have been considered low priority under the Obama administration went in her for annual check-in with immigration authorities and was instead placed in detention and deported back to Mexico. 
If keeping heads down and working hard has long been part and parcel of a life in the shadows, the uncertainty and anxiety across New York and the country has surged, rippling from undocumented immigrants to relatives, friends, co-workers and whole neighborhoods.
In anticipation of crackdowns, people say they have stopped driving, stopped shopping, stopped sending remittances to countries of origin. Small businesses fret about closures from fewer customers. Families are forgoing medical care, afraid to have their identities examined in hospital emergency rooms. Children wonder aloud if they’ll come home from school to find their parents gone. 
Some of the fears have been amplified by rumors of Ice checkpoints thrown up at street crossings that spread virally in text messages or on social media. To dampen the potential hysteria, immigrants’ advocates are counseling that any reports of sightings be immediately verified and photographed. But other fears are justified by mounting evidence of raids and deportations across the country.
•••
On the way to the apartment of the man – who requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of his case – Gomez heard back from one of the immigration attorneys she had phoned – Angela Fernandez of the Northern Manhattan Coalition for Immigration Rights. No need to open the door; warrants can be slipped underneath, she said. Failing that, the man could and should stay silent.
By the time Gomez arrived at the man’s apartment, the Ice officers were gone. Why they were prowling, who they were after and whether they would return remained a mystery. With the man’s help and a few strategic calls, Gomez began to piece together the semblance of an explanation. 
A call to Union City officials and the local police department turned up a drug charge for someone – no one could specify who – in the man’s building, which contained several apartment units. The man’s son, now 27 and undocumented like his father, had been convicted some years earlier for driving under the influence. He had subsequently failed to complete the community service that a judge had prescribed. Had the DUI charge triggered a “drug charge” suspicion sufficient to send the Ice office sniffing? If so, did that mean police and Ice officers were collaborating, an old concern that immigrant advocates have fought hard against? 
As Gomez sat talking with the son and his father in his living room, a traffic officer in the street began towing away his daughter’s car. Unlike her brother, the young woman had received legal protection under the Obama-era Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival (Daca) program, which since 2012 provides temporary protection to many undocumented immigrants who arrived in the US as children. Gomez rushed outside. According to the traffic policeman, the woman’s vehicle permit had expired on 1 February. She owed a $140 fine. Could that have been the minor infraction that had apparently set off a chain reaction through law enforcement sufficient to spur Ice into action?
The possibility wasn’t inconceivable. In nearby Staten Island, in early February, Ice officers loitered outside a courthouse and arrested an undocumented immigrant from Mexico who emerged from a hearing, charged with driving under the influence. The man awaits trial on 14 April and near-certain deportation in a jail cell in Hudson County correctional facility, along with convicted criminals, according to Gonzalo Mercado, who works for the immigrant advocacy organization La Colmena. Mercado spoke with the man’s wife and daughter, who say that he hopes not to be deported back to the violent parts of Mexico. Instead he told his wife that he was bidding on Canada.
The chilling effect carries a whiff of life in a police state, under authoritarian or semi-authoritarian rule, where security forces strike unpredictably, rarely with just cause, and most often with inhuman efficiency. 
The presence of men in uniform doesn’t reassure. It intimidates, inviting the likelihood of a shakedown or an arbitrary arrest. Nightfall brings heightened anxieties about the knock on the door, and the disappearance to detention centers where terms of release are discretionary and capricious. By day, people glance over shoulders, careful about what they say or who might be listening. Laws, when applied, turn on technicalities whose mutability and application serve the whims of the state. 
But law enforcement is only one pillar of an autocracy’s machine. A system’s longevity often depends less on foolproof organizational rigor than its capacity to keep fear alive through the bogeyman of uncertainty. People, of their own volition, shrink – from self-expression, from public life, from standing up for their or others’ rights.
For supporters of Trump, the new policies are a necessary assertion of law and order. But in New York, a region of immigrants whose streets are a carnival of pluralism, the hardline anti-immigrant approach of the Trump administration feels, to many, like a dystopian aberration.
“It flies in the face of our historical progress,” said Fernandez. “Unfortunately, racism is part of the DNA of American history. But so are incredibly victorious civil rights and social justice struggles that, when they were won, they led the way for other countries.”
•••
On a recent morning at a parking lot in Brooklyn beside a Home Depot, clusters of day laborers waited for construction jobs. Among them stood Carlos, who knew the price of living as an undocumented immigrant. In 2008, his eldest son, then 18 years old and a senior in high school, was arrested by Ice officials, sent to a detention center in Texas, and deported back to Honduras. Three years later, he was dead, killed by members of a narco-trafficking ring in the climate of insecurity that Carlos had sought to shield his family from when he’d left for the States years earlier. 
“That is half of me,” he said, a finger stabbing at his heart, his dark eyes misting.
 But even for Carlos, whose temporary work visa expired in 2002, the surge of anti-immigrant rhetoric and likelihood of security crackdowns in Trump’s America are unprecedented. He appreciated President Obama’s immigration policies, he said. There was a logic to them. His son might even have avoided deportation if the Ice raid had come after Daca’s implementation. 
The policies of the Trump administration, by contrast, were akin to smashing a leg out from under a table, destroying the fabric of New York work and family life.
“You know what? If I get $600 in my pocket, maybe $50 I send to my country. But the rest stay here. Because we got to pay rent, we got to pay bill. We got to pay cellular, we got to buy food, toy for children, everything. Money stay here,” Carlos said.
As for life as a day laborer, Carlos could not remember a February that had been so bereft of work. He opened wide his empty wallet. All last year, he said, he could count on carrying $400 (he pays for everything in cash), thanks to a healthy run of jobs – mixing and laying cement, tiling, loading truck. But the weeks since Trump’s inauguration have run dry. Perhaps it was a function of a winter halt in construction, although the climate this year has been relatively mild.
More likely, day laborers agreed, Trump’s policies had brought a new season of fear, including among contractors – rightly or not – that hiring an undocumented worker could result in fines of up to $10,000 for repeat offenders. For law enforcement, day laborer sites are among the most traceable and easy to raid. 
“The problem right now, people don’t go buy clothes. People don’t go buy shoes. People don’t buy nothing to send back,” he said. “Because we don’t know. We don’t know what happen tomorrow.” A friend recently sold his deli for $30,000, which about half what he paid for it. Better to take the loss, the friend told him, than lose everything.
“When children see police they say: ‘Papa, papa! Police is there, let’s go!’ They move from here, they see police, they think police catch them.”
Oscar, another undocumented immigrant, agreed. “We are scared. We are scared. We watch all the time the news,” he said, a pencil tucked behind one ear, a measuring tape fixed to a hip. Since Trump’s policies were announced, he has stopped driving, for fear of being caught without papers. He would, in the unlikely event of being given a choice, ask for deportation to Mexico this time. But leaving isn’t actually an option. Here in the US, he has a son, 10, a daughter, seven, and a newborn.
 “They are afraid,” he said. “In the morning, they say: ‘OK, you go work? I’m going to see you tonight.’”
After the election, non-immigrant residents in Staten Island, the only New York borough that voted Trump, reached out to La Colmena, the immigrant advocacy organization, to ask how they might help. Since then, the group has assembled undocumented immigrants alongside non-immigrants for sessions that include legal guidance and efforts to build community through activities, such as cooking and Spanish classes.
“The fact that we have these non-immigrants at these meetings, that gives a sense of relief for a lot of people,” said Gonzalo Mercado, the organization’s director. “Especially in Staten Island that not everyone is a Trump supporter.”
Immigrant advocates are careful to weigh preparation for impending crackdowns against the need to keep panic at bay. 
“That’s what Trump wants to do,” said Mercado. “He’s campaigning on fear. So we have to turn that rhetoric around – focusing on community, focusing on solidarity.”



ARTICLE
It’s official: Donald Trump is the first Twitter president of the United States.
In an interview with Tucker Carlson of Fox News, Trump put into words what many people have long been suspecting, that were it not for his mastery of hyperbole in 140 characters, he would not now be occupying the most powerful office on Earth. 
“Let me tell you about Twitter,” the president began. “I think that maybe I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for Twitter.”
Lump together his followers on Twitter and Facebook, Instagram, @Potus and “lots of other things”, Trump said, and he has the combined ability to publish directly to as many as 100 million people. 
“Twitter is a wonderful thing for me, because I get the word out … I might not be here talking to you right now as president if I didn’t have an honest way of getting the word out.” 
Or “dishonest way”, he might have said. Many of his most memorable tweets have been demonstrable lies, such as his claim that millions of people voted illegally in the presidential election.
Or his contention that global warming was a hoax invented by the Chinese.
And then there was that little matter earlier this month in which Trump sparked a firestorm by claiming on Twitter, without producing any evidence, that President Obama had wiretapped Trump Tower.
Carlson pressed Trump on his relaxed approach to accuracy on social media. “Why not wait to tweet about it until you can prove it? Don’t you devalue your words when you can’t provide evidence?” the Fox News host asked.
To which the president of the United States replied, slightly indignantly, that there had been evidence: he had read about wiretapping in the New York Times – “the failing New York Times” he corrected himself quickly, realizing he had just committed a faux pas by crediting one of his “dishonest media” enemies as a reliable source.
Not only that, he hastened to add, he even heard Fox News’s own Bret Baier use the word. “If you watched the [sic] Bret Baier and what he was saying and what he was talking about and how he mentioned the word wiretap, you would feel very confident that you could mention the name.”
Who needs the combined might of the intelligence agencies – commanded, as it happens, by one President Trump – when you’ve got the “failing” New York Times and the Bret Baier to lean on?
“And don’t forget,” Trump added, “when I say wiretapping, those words were in quotes. That really covers, because wiretapping is pretty old fashioned stuff, but that really covers surveillance and many other things. And nobody ever talks about the fact that it was in quotes, but that’s a very important thing.”
But if the president says something that cannot be proved or is demonstrably untrue, doesn’t that devalue his own currency, Carlson asked a second time.
“Let’s see whether or not I proved it,” said the Twitter master. “I think we have some very good stuff. And we’re in the process of putting it together, and I think it’s going to be very demonstrative.” 



ARTICLE
Lawyers and anti-Trump protesters are preparing for renewed confrontation at US airports over the president’s revised travel ban on visitors from six Muslim-majority countries that is scheduled to come into effect at midnight.
Trump’s travel ban has been revised in the wake of judicial opposition to remove some its most glaringly anti-constitutional provisions. But it remains highly contentious, and in the eyes of many civil rights experts openly discriminatory against Muslims.
Volunteers will be out in force at many of the major international airports across the country to mark its arrival at 12.01am Thursday. “This second ban is just as unconstitutional as the first, as it is motivated by the same religious animus,” said Simon Sandoval-Moshenberg, legal director of the Immigrant Advocacy Program, which has been involved in litigation against the new rules. 
He added that the call had gone out to volunteers to provide extra legal advice at Dulles international airport at midnight and through Thursday as part of Dulles Justice Coalition, a spontaneous network of activists that has been holding a daily vigil at the arrivals area of the Washington DC-area airport since the first ban struck in January.
The hours leading up to the scheduled start of the revised ban promise to be fraught and dramatic, with no fewer than three federal courts set to hear emergency arguments over the legality of the prohibition. The first is set to open at 9.30am ET, when a group of civil rights and refugee groups led by the American Civil Liberties Union go before US district court judge Theodore Chuang in Maryland.
Later in the day the most important legal challenge is also likely to come before a federal court in Seattle. Several Democratic-led states have joined Washington, including California, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New York and Oregon, in calling for the revised rules to be put on hold. 
The states are arguing that the amended executive order, signed by Trump on 6 March with a 10-day delay for implementation, is equally driven by anti-Muslim prejudice and that the restraining order that was imposed by the Seattle court in February should therefore be extended. A third legal challenge is set to be heard in a federal court in Hawaii just hours before the ban is due to take hold.
In the revised travel ban, Trump removed Iraq from the list of countries singled out for restrictions and allowed people with permanent resident status in the US and valid visitor papers to enter. But it still imposes a 90-day stop on all new visa approvals for the remaining six Muslim-majority countries – Iran, Somalia, Sudan, Yemen, Syria and Libya – as well as a 120-day ban on refugees attempting to be resettled in the US from anywhere in the world.
Should the federal courts decline to extend the current restraining order, and in turn allow the new ban to kick in at midnight, all eyes will swing to the main US arrivals ports, notably Dulles, JFK in New York, LAX in Los Angeles and O’Hare in Chicago. When the first ban came into effect on 27 January, those airports saw scenes of extraordinary chaos and confusion, and become focal points of mass protests.
Key changes made to the executive order mean that similar scenes of pandemonium are much less likely to be witnessed at midnight Thursday. Under the new rules, anyone with a valid visa should be allowed into the country, reducing the likelihood of scores of people being denied entry having stepped off planes from around the world.
“We don’t anticipate the scenes we saw at the airports first time around of people being rejected for entry even with valid visas causing enormous confusion and anger,” said Lee Gelernt of the ACLU, who successfully argued for a restraining order against Trump’s initial executive order in federal court in Brooklyn.
Gelernt warned that while the dramatic scenes that marked introduction of the first ban might not be repeated, the impact of the revised prohibition would still have powerful negative implications. “There will be thousands of people across the US who will be suffering as they wait to be reunited with loved ones, and many more living in fear as a result of having their religion singled out and demonized by Trump’s rhetoric.”
Volunteers will also be watching closely from midnight to see whether Customs and Border Protection (CBP) officials at the airports, as well as the airline companies, fully understand the small-print of the revised provisions. Sirine Shebaya, a civil rights lawyer who volunteers with the Dulles Justice Coalition, said it remained to be seen whether the new rules would be implemented properly.
“The revised ban allows waivers to be issued on a case-by-case basis, for instance for family reunion,” Shebaya said. “But will it be clear to every airline that someone with a waiver should be let on the plane? Will it be clear to a rank-and-file CBP officer that they should let that person into the country?”
Asked to comment on how its officers would respond to the new travel ban, a CBP spokesperson said: “As a law enforcement agency, US Customs and Border Protection officers are trained, experienced and equipped to operate in emerging and dynamic situations. The travelling public may expect to be processed in accordance with current rules and regulations and with professionalism, dignity and respect.”
This time, the worst excesses of the travel ban are likely to be felt not in the US but in the six Muslim-majority countries where new visas will now be blocked and in other countries bearing the brunt of the mass humanitarian crisis that the UN said this week was the worst since 1945. Under the travel ban for refugees, set to start at midnight, new approvals for resettlement in the US will be stopped for at least the next 120 days from all over the world.
Writing in the Guardian, David Miliband, CEO of the International Rescue Committee (IRC), one of the largest US refugee resettlement organizations, called the revised ban “cruel and counterproductive”. He said: “When countries in the west refuse refugees from the Syria crisis, there is only one winner: those who would say that Muslims should never trust the US and other western countries, including Britain. It is a propaganda gift for extremism to halt the slow flow of refugees into the western world.”
The revised executive order will instantly impact 11,000 refugees who have already cleared all the security and other hurdles and are ready to come to the US pending a final visa. Many of those people have already moved to transitional locations awaiting a flight to the US, and may now have to return to refugee camps from which they came.
“They’ve sold everything they owned in the camps, given up their dwelling thinking that they were going to live in the US. Now they will be back to square one,” said the IRC’s Hans van de Weerd.
In addition, there are 61,000 people who are at various stages of going through the application process. The fear for those individuals is that in the course of the 120-day ban some of their security checks might expire, which would push them all the way to the back of the line. 
“That’s a real problem. There are going to be a lot of people struggling with insecurity and uncertainty in refugee camps around the world,” said Van de Weerd.
The restart of the travel ban is causing bemusement in countries on the proscribed list, particularly in Syria which is still targeted by Trump, unlike neighboring Iraq which has been removed from the restrictions despite sharing a common enemy shared with the US in the Islamic State (Isis). “The United States is in a confusing place,” said Zakariah, 32, from the eastern Syrian city of Hassakah.
“I don’t understand the difference between Syrians and Iraqis, we are in the same situation. This decision from Trump makes no sense, because he claims it is to stop terrorists coming to his country – yet already no one can go to his country without having every single thing in their life checked, and double-checked.”
A second Syrian, Mohamed Al-Sheikh, 30, from the town of al-Bab, which was liberated from Isis in February, said: “For this, I am not happy or sad. But I feel this is bad, not because of Iraq or Syria, but because of all the Muslims in the area. It is so obvious the US is against the Muslims, even though Muslims are fighting the same enemy as the US.”
In Yemen, where the travel ban also remains and war continues to rage, there is also considerable bitterness. Emad Sultan, 31, from Taiz, now a war refugee in Sana’a, said: “None of this is a surprise, it’s very clear that this was coming. Trump is just doing what everyone else has wanted to do but never could. I am on year six of waiting to at least get a visa and I am not the only one. I no longer want to waste my time even considering visiting or building a life in a country where they alienate, attack and degrade us.”
As the executive order goes into effect, there are also likely to be immediate consequences for refugees already resettled inside the US who are awaiting to be reunited with family members. Medya, a Syrian-Kurdish refugee living in Buffalo, New York, was brought into the country last November, a week after Trump’s election, with two of her siblings.
She was expecting her parents to join her shortly after, but their flight was cancelled. “They gave no reason, so I don’t know exactly what’s going to happen,” Medya, who asked only to use her first name for fear of making her relatives’ position more untenable, told the Guardian.
Medya and her family crossed the border from Syria into Kurdistan in 2013 after months of trekking on foot. They were approved to resettle to the US after going through around two years of vetting, she said. 
She said she had been afraid to leave her father behind as he has had four heart surgeries and is unable to work, depending on Medya and her sister for income. “They need me. If I know that I will be here [without them], I will not come,” she said.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump has called whistleblower Chelsea Manning an “ungrateful traitor” and criticized Barack Obama’s decision to commute her 35-year sentence by declaring that she “should never have been released from prison”.
Trump’s tweet on Thursday morning is the first time he has addressed Manning’s impending release, since Obama commuted her sentence in his final week in office:
As Mediaite noted, Trump tweeted his response using the same language that had appeared in a Fox News segment just 14 minutes earlier. As a picture of Manning was shown onscreen with the words “ungrateful traitor” brandished across it, Fox News anchor Abby Huntsman announced: “In a new article for the Guardian, the disgraced former army private is slamming President Obama as a weak leader with few permanent accomplishments.”
Minutes later Trump, who is known for getting his news from cable television, particularly Fox, tweeted using the same “ungrateful traitor” and “weak leader” language. This is the third such instance of Trump echoing Fox News coverage recently: Trump’s tweet about threatening to “send in the feds” to eliminate Chicago’s gun violence on Tuesday, and about flag-burning in November, also followed Fox News segments on those same subjects.
In a column for the Guardian on Wednesday, Manning wrote that the country needed a strong progressive president since the Obama administration’s policy of compromise would not work in a divided nation.
“Barack Obama left behind hints of a progressive legacy. Unfortunately, despite his faith in our system and his positive track record on many issues over the last eight years, there have been very few permanent accomplishments ... The one simple lesson to draw from President Obama’s legacy: do not start off with a compromise. They won’t meet you in the middle. Instead, what we need is an unapologetic progressive leader.”
In her column, Manning also chronicled the “seething vitriol and hatred” for Obama that she encountered in the military.
Manning, 29, will go free on 17 May, almost exactly seven years since she was first arrested outside of Baghdad, for passing on classified information in the biggest security breach in US military history.
The former US army intelligence analyst was sentenced in 2013 for leaking more than 700,000 documents, videos and diplomatic cables to WikiLeaks, exposing US military’s actions in Iraq and Afghanistan.




ARTICLE
The US Senate has confirmed conservative Georgia representative Tom Price as Donald Trump’s health secretary, an appointment that suggests a radical shift in American healthcare over the next four years.
In a late-night vote sharply divided along party lines, the 62-year-old former orthopedic surgeon was confirmed by 52 votes to 47. He will lead an agency with a $1.1tn budget, made up of some of America’s largest public health insurance programs, which he has spent much of his career attacking.
As a congressman he supported privatizing Medicare, America’s public health insurance for the elderly. He proposed turning Medicaid, a program for the poor, into a block grant – a change certain to precipitate cuts.
Price campaigned relentlessly to repeal the Affordable Care Act, Barack Obama’s signature health law, which brought consumer protections and government subsidies to an unwieldy private insurance market. The law helped insure 20 million Americans. 
If such changes were enacted they would amount to critical shifts in American healthcare, arguably the most expensive and complex system in the world. 
Price’s nomination process has also been plagued by allegations of insider trading.
Price bought and sold health stocks repeatedly even though he was a leading voice on healthcare policy in the US House of Representatives. In one case, he was offered a discounted price for an Australian company called Innate Immunotherapeutics for between $50,000 and $100,000 worth of stock. At the same time, another Trump transition team member and fellow House colleague, Chris Collins, was one of the company’s main investors.
In another instance, Price purchased up to $15,000 worth of stock in Zimmer Bionet, one of the world’s lead orthopedic device manufacturers, before filing a bill less than one week later that could have aided the medical device market. 
In yet another instance, Price introduced a bill that could have potentially benefitted durable medical goods manufacturers, before purchasing $15,000 worth of shares in Blackstone, which owns medical durable goods manufacturer Apria, according to USA Today. The same investigation found Price misstated the timing and value of his purchases in several instances. 
Price has always denied any wrongdoing. Throughout hearings, he maintained that his broker was in charge of buying and selling stocks, and that in most cases he had no knowledge of the trades. His broker arrangement is far from a blind trust though, and in the Innate Immunotherapeutics case Price testified that he personally instructed his broker to purchase the stock. 
Democratic opponents, keen to keep the Affordable Care Act in place, called on the Securities and Exchange Commission to investigate Price. When Democrats boycotted his hearing before the Senate finance committee, Republicans changed the rules to advance his candidacy without them. 
It was not only Price’s opposition to the ACA that has raised the hackles of Democrats. Price is vehemently anti-abortion, and anti-gay rights. He called an escrow account established for victims of the Gulf of Mexico BP oil spill a “Chicago-style political shakedown”. 
He voted against allowing the Food and Drug Administration to regulate tobacco. He voted against federal funding for syringe exchange programs, which are proven to reduce HIV infection rates, even as injection drug use in his district was on the rise. 
Price’s stances on medical issues are so controversial even doctors were divided by his nomination, despite his physician bona fides. 
While Price’s proposals represent the near polar-opposite of the current ACA, emphasizing that the free market and doctors could best determine how to treat patients, his testimony was almost conciliatory.
“Many individuals have coverage, they have a card, but they don’t have any care,” Price said during a recent hearing. “It’s imperative we have a system that is accessible for every American, affordable for every American.” 
His broad assertions about affordability and access have left many attempting to read tea leaves to determine which, among several Republican proposals including Price’s, would make it into an actual plan. So far, Republicans have made seemingly contradictory proposals for “insurance for everybody” and to end the individual mandate, the element of Obamacare that requires people to have insurance. 
“I have had conversations with the president about healthcare, yes,” Price said at another point in his hearing, though he offered no details of what those conversations entailed. 
Recent protests against the repeal of the ACA ensure that, whatever Price’s role in replacement is, it is unlikely to go unnoticed. 



ARTICLE
The James S Brady Press Briefing Room at the White House was crammed as usual but there was an extra frisson of suspense. As the press secretary, Sean Spicer, walked to the lectern, a conversation was unfolding just 27 paces away in the Oval Office. It would invalidate almost everything he said.
Paul Ryan, the speaker of the House of Representatives, told Donald Trump the news he did not want to hear. Weeks of cajoling and arm-twisting to win over skeptics of their healthcare reform legislation had failed. Ryan asked the president to ditch the bill and avoid the humiliation of putting it to a vote in the House. Trump agreed.
It was a chastening defeat for a president whose election campaign was built on his reputation as a negotiator and a winner. His book, The Art of the Deal, brags: “Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully on canvas or write wonderful poetry. I like making deals, preferably big deals. That’s how I get my kicks.” When it came to his first major legislation as president and the question “deal or no deal”, the answer was, emphatically, no deal.
In a poetic twist, the president who has espoused a rightwing agenda of economic nationalism, law and order and “America first” was undone by the right wing of his own party. Conservatives said the bill did not go far enough to repeal and replace Barack Obama’s signature healthcare policy, the Affordable Care Act (ACA), also known as Obamacare.
“Today was a big win for the president. The 44th president, Barack Obama,” declared TV host Lawrence O’Donnell on MSNBC. “And it was, to put it in Trump-speak, a complete disaster for the current president.”
It came hard on the heels of two legal knock-backs to his attempt to ban travelers from certain Muslim-majority counties. That policy too was imposed with a missionary zeal that masked a lack of competence and grasp of detail. But Trump appears to be playing the role of a chief executive intent on shaking up a business and his chief strategist, Steve Bannon, is said to admire a creed from the tech sector in Silicon Valley: “Move fast and break things.”
But Washington politics are different. Add in the Russia affair – the resignation of the president’s national security adviser, groundless claims of wiretapping against Obama and an ongoing FBI investigation into his associates – and the first two months of the Trump presidency reek of chaos, crisis and confusion.
In his rambunctious election campaign, the 70-year-old novice promised to repeal and replace the ACA “immediately”. It was a bad choice for an opening offensive. Healthcare reform is to American presidents what the Russian winter was to Napoleon. Obama got further than most but even then the notion of an American National Health Service remained a distant dream.
With Republicans controlling both the House and Senate, Trump should have had the cards in his favour. In what Democrats regarded as an act of spite, he and Ryan set a deadline to erase the ACA on its seventh anniversary, 23 March. They would supplant it with the slimmer American Health Care Act (AHCA).
But as the negotiations gathered steam, it was clearly not going to be plain sailing. Last month, Trump admitted: “Now, I have to tell you, it’s an unbelievably complex subject. Nobody knew healthcare could be so complicated.” The bill was, in the eyes of many, rushed and deeply flawed, falling well short of Trump’s campaign pledge to provide insurance for everyone.
Grassroots protests erupted across the country, citizen activists hitting the phones and constituents berating congressmen at town hall events. Groups representing hospitals and medical professionals derided the legislation. The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office estimated that the AHCA would lead to 24 million fewer Americans having health insurance over the next 10 years. The bill achieved the rare feat of uniting the far left and far right in opposition.
The biggest holdouts in Republican ranks were the hardline conservatives of the House Freedom Caucus. Trump tried to woo them with White House bowling sessions and trips on Air Force One. In the final week, he made a desperate bid to prove his credentials as “the closer”, offering concessions such as the removal of 10 so-called essential health benefits, including maternity care and emergency services.
But by Thursday, the supposed day of the vote, the wheels were coming off. Trump digressed, greeting commercial truckers to the White House, climbing into the cab of a 18-wheeler to pose at the wheel and honk the horn. Apparently unaware that the vote had just been postponed until Friday, he said: “It’s going to be a very close vote.”
Meanwhile, the scramble continued. Bannon and the White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, were dispatched to Capitol Hill to try and turn the doubters. Spicer told reporters on Friday that more than 120 members of the House had had a visit, call or meeting at the White House in the past few days. Trump had been making calls from 6am to 11pm, he said.
But even as the press secretary put on a brave face – “Why don’t we continue with a very positive, optimistic Friday?” he said. “The sun is coming out, I feel really good” – Trump and Ryan were about to agree the terms of surrender. The speaker’s funereal expression as he left the White House spoke volumes.
Republicans, who voted more than 60 times to repeal or alter Obamacare over the past few years only to be vetoed by Obama, had got their big chance and blown it. The party’s deep ideological and factional divisions, temporarily papered over amid the euphoria of last November’s surprise win, were back with a vengeance as it struggled to go from opposition to governance.
About a mile and half away, tourists crowded under the magnificent dome of the US Capitol building. As they filed out of the rotunda they saw, outside Ryan’s office, clutches of reporters trading gossip and making mental tallies of votes. Any passing House member was asked eagerly which way they were leaning. The corridors of power in one of the world’s biggest democracies teemed with life.
Trump announced the pulling of the bill in calls to the Washington Post and New York Times. Soon after, digesting the biggest defeat of his career, Ryan admitted that the ACA would remain in place for the foreseeable future, though he claimed it was in a state of collapse – something Democrats fiercely dispute.
The minority party, traumatised by Hillary Clinton’s shock defeat, finally had something to cheer. They called it a a moment to “breathe a sigh of relief” for the American people. The Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer, said sarcastically: “So much for The Art of the Deal.”
The Democrats may have been right about the merits of Obamacare, and the havoc that would have been wrought by “Trumpcare”. But Friday’s debacle may yet be a blessing in disguise for the president. 
Bob Shrum, a Democratic consultant and politics professor at the University of Southern California, said: “The truth is it might have been worse for him had it passed because he would have faced a potentially devastating midterm election.
“It’s clear from what he said he was not that personally invested in this. He felt he was obligated to do it for the party. I think his preference was to go first on taxes and maybe infrastructure. The way forward would be to push taxes and then take a leaf out of Ronald Reagan’s book and work with Democrats on infrastructure.”
Trump has said tax reform is next, and years of Republican planning might allow for that legislation to pass more easily. But his ability to work with Congress is in grave question. His unique selling point, as a dealmaker, has taken a huge hit.
Gwenda Blair, a Trump biographer, said of Trump’s supporters: “They voted for a guy who could fix it, the CEO, on The Apprentice for 10 years, who could make a deal with anybody.”
But the tactics that served Trump so well in business – playing the alpha male, holding one-on-one meetings – did not translate to politics, she said. 
“Now he’s up against 535 other people [in the House and Senate], other people who have their own independent power base and are not really interested in rolling over. The model of taking one person in a room and beating up on them doesn’t work with 535.”
Friday’s failure was a fillip for the anti-Trump “resistance” but it was hardly grounds for complacency. The president looks set to press ahead with his agenda on everything from rolling back Obama-era protections on the environment to building a wall on the Mexican border to firing off tweets that alienate allies and embolden enemies. 
He may also ensure that his prediction of Obamacare’s explosion becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy. “Move fast and break things” will continue, even it if means breaking his own party.



ARTICLE
Irish activists plan to move St Patrick’s Day beyond drink and craic by holding a pro-immigrant “Irish Stand” rally in New York City later Friday.
Irish senator Aodhán Ó Ríordáin and a diverse group of activists, musicians and writers plan to “remind” the Trump administration “that the international community rejects the politics of division and fear”.
Speaking to the Guardian on Wednesday, Ó Ríordáin compared the plight of Muslim refugees to that of Irish immigrants. “We know exactly what it means to leave to seek refuge. We used to leave Ireland on what they call coffin ships – as in you get on this and you may not survive. That’s exactly what the Syrians are doing.”
He said Irish Americans working with Trump – they include Mike Pence, Sean Spicer and Paul Ryan – should have more empathy with refugees.
The Sami – an indigenous people who live in the far north of Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia’s Kola peninsula – have persuaded Norway’s second largest pension fund to withdraw money from the Dakota Access pipeline.
The KLP fund said this week it would sell shares worth $58 in companies constructing the pipeline, after lobbying from the Sami parliament. Read more here.
• More than a thousand activists are planning to protest outside a Paul Ryan fundraiser in Chicago on Friday. Tickets for the event – which is apparently being held in honor of “Team Ryan” – are priced between $1,000 and $50,000.
The focus will be on resisting Ryan’s proposed Obamacare reform – an overhaul which the Congressional Budget Office predicts would see 24 million people lose health coverage over the next decade. Activists are trying to find out the exact location, which is not on the invites.
• People are planning a protest in Austin on 21 March against Corrections Corporation of America, one of the largest private prison companies in the US.
In August 2016 the Department of Justice said it would end its use of privately owned prisons, with then deputy attorney general Sally Yates warning that private prisons “compare poorly” to federal facilities. But Jeff Sessions reversed that memo last month.
The US has the highest incarceration rate in the world, with 2.2 million adults in detention in 2013, according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics.
• Membership of the Democratic Socialists of America has tripled over the past year, driven – in different ways – by Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump, according to the LA Times. “Unabashed socialism hasn’t had this big of a voice in American politics in decades,” writes Matt Pearce.
• Travel Ban Mark II may have been temporarily halted, but people can’t rely on the courts alone, says Rob Hunter. Only a “vigorous exercise in mass democracy”, like the protests over the January ban, can convince judges to act.
“We’re not spending money on that any more. We consider that to be a waste of your money.” That was White House budget director Mick Mulvaney’s take on climate change, as he unveiled Trump’s first budget on Thursday. 
The budget – described by Mulvaney as “a hard power budget” – would also eliminate the National Endowment for the Arts, legal aid for the poor and low-income heating assistance. Funding for Meals on Wheels would also be slashed.
Republicans and Democrats have criticized the budget, as have evangelical leaders, with more than 100 urging Trump not to cut International Development funding.
“I had been seeing all these crazy videos online of all these people being so racist, against people’s religion, skin color and all that stuff,” said Tracey Tong, who is being praised after she stepped in to stop racial abuse on the NYC subway.
“I promised myself if I ever witnessed that I would totally freak out.”
She kept her promise.
• The presidential campaign ended in November, but try telling that to Donald Trump. The president will continue his greatest hits tour with a rally in Louisville, Kentucky, on Monday.
On Wednesday, Trump popped up in Nashville, Tennessee, where a nostalgic crowd revived the campaign chants of “Build that wall” and “Lock her up” – two promises Trump is yet to fulfil.
• Also on Monday, the Senate confirmation hearing will start for Neil Gorusch, Trump’s supreme court nominee, and the House intelligence committee will hold the first public hearing on the investigation into Russia’s alleged interference in the 2016 presidential election.
• Administration appeal against the immigration executive order? Don’t have a date.



ARTICLE

When Elbia fled her tiny hamlet in Guatemala, she left behind years of abuse at the hands of her boyfriend. The breaking point came after he beat her so badly that she became wedged between the slats of their bed. Some time later, she and her four-year-old son walked into the mountains that loomed above the family’s house – the first step on her months-long path to the United States.
Now, she is at the end of that harrowing journey. Elbia, whose name has been changed to protect her identity, appeared recently before an immigration court in Eloy, Arizona, to plead for asylum.
“I am starting to learn that what happened to me was not my fault and that I have rights,” she said in her petition to the court. “This is my dream: to live a life free from violence.”
Immigration advocates have been doing battle over the fate of women such as Elbia for more than a decade. Arguing that people who are fleeing gender violence ought to qualify for asylum, they have notched critical court victories for victims of female genital mutilation, forced marriage and homophobic violence. 
In 2014, the country’s immigration high court issued a landmark ruling that some women escaping pervasive domestic violence may qualify for asylum in the US. 
But under a president who rode a wave of anti-immigration sentiment into office, advocates fear these achievements, and the futures of thousands of women are in danger. 
Taken together, Trump’s various executive orders on immigration will make it harder for asylum seekers to reach the US, force them to spend longer in detention, and make it harder for them to succeed in immigration court if they don’t give up first, say advocates. Trump’s original order on immigration – the travel ban – even led some Customs and Border Protection officials to refuse to allow asylum seekers to file new claims. 
Another document, issued by the justice department, has already begun to transform what used to be a straightforward evaluation of an asylum seeker’s credibility into something more closely resembling a full-blown judicial hearing. 
Asylum seekers coming over the southern border have always had to pass the credibility stage before making their case to a judge. But with the standard of evidence now ratcheted up in the credibility hearing, say advocates, it’s as if asylum seekers are having their case adjudicated twice – and in the credibility hearing, there’s no chance to present evidence or witnesses.
“The cumulative impact of the orders is to make it much harder for people to be successful,” said Karen Musalo, the director of the Center for Gender & Refugee Studies, which, along with the Florence Project, provided Elbia’s representation.
Jeff Sessions, the newly appointed attorney general and a longtime opponent of immigration, has the power to personally overturn the nation’s highest immigration court. And there are calls for him to decertify that landmark case of 2014.
Anti-immigration advocates have long desired no less than a wholesale reversal of decades of asylum policy. And now those groups have the ear of the administration.
Elbia was 14 when a 15-year-old boy approached her at a village festival and pressed her to be his girlfriend. He persisted, refusing to accept no as her answer. By the time she was 16, she was living with him in his family’s home.
It was after she gave birth to their son that he began to abuse her. Aside from beating her, her boyfriend spent so heavily on his drinking problem that there was hardly money to feed their child. When she refused to have another, he raped her. 
He made threats to kill her. Over three years, she recalled: “I can’t remember all of the times that [he] beat and raped me.”
US asylum law protects people who are persecuted on the basis of their race, religion, nationality, political opinion or particular social group. It does not explicitly protect people who are persecuted because of their gender, but a series of court rulings has recognized specific groups of woman as protected “particular social groups”.
The ruling in 2014 recognized “married women in Guatemala who are unable to leave their relationship” and gave women firm ground on which to make their asylum claims.
The argument for the validity of that ruling goes like this: in Guatemala, domestic violence against women is a pervasive and societal problem. The country’s law enforcement is both unable to stand in the way of abusers and unwilling, because of attitudes about women’s rights. Domestic violence is not a private, household problem, but one that is nation and cultural, similar to female genital mutilation or forced marriage.
The argument against granting women such as Elbia asylum holds that there are just too many women like her.
“Our country is not a battered woman’s shelter,” said the rightwing provocateur Ann Coulter said on Sean Hannity’s radio show. “We’re not here to take in all the charity cases of the world.”
But immigration advocates note that it is already extremely hard for women to claim asylum in the US from domestic abuse.
Over the past six years, according to an analysis conducted by researchers into judicial trends at Syracuse University, the US immigration system has become increasingly polarized between judges who overwhelmingly approve asylum claims or deny them. The disparity has increased so sharply that today, the judge assigned to hear a case is single best predictor of the case’s outcome.
At the same time, the odds have tipped against asylum seekers. Denials rose at an unprecedented rate from 2015 to 2016. People from Mexico, El Salvador, Honduras and Guatemala, where a wide variety of violence forces people to flee, face the slimmest odds of winning their claims. 
Elbia’s asylum claim was designed as the perfect test case in this hostile landscape. The facts of her case are almost identical to that landmark ruling of 2014, and her attorneys assembled an elite scrum of expert witnesses to testify to the danger – persecution, in their words – Elbia would face if she were returned to Guatemala. The case unfolded in a region of Arizona where immigration judges have a sky-high rate of denial.
A judge heard her case on 17 February, and a little under one week later, he called her attorneys to say he was granting her asylum. She could stay. 
But many others won’t be so lucky, one of her lawyers fears. “The fact that it took a national expert on this issue to come in, work on this case, develop the supporting testimony, and marshall pretty significant resources to win what should be a pretty straightforward case tells you everything,” said Blaine Bookey, a staff attorney for CGRS.
And those were just the hurdles she faced inside US borders. In her affidavit, Elbia described a months-long journey that nearly cost her her life. “I slept under the trees and in a cave,” she said. “I found bones of dead people in the desert.”
But the alternative, she said, was more horrific.
“My mother-in-law told me that she went to file a complaint a few times with the police against my father-in-law, but they did not do anything to help her,” she said. 
If she had stayed in Guatemala, she anticipated that her partner would hire a gang member to find her. “The government wouldn’t give me any protection from Abuser no matter where I am in the country,” she said. “Women do not find protection. They have to keep suffering up until they are killed.”



ARTICLE
Finding a rational explanation in Donald Trump’s politics is much like seeing a pattern in a Rorschach splodge of ink. Most people stare into the random eruptions and see whatever they want to project on to the 45th president of the United States.
The process began again on Saturday morning, after Trump tweeted a claim, without accompanying evidence, that Barack Obama had “had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower” before the election in November.
Some political observers discern a deliberate pattern of distraction and diversion in the early morning tweets that are the product of the president’s prodigious fingers. When the media coverage, or the congressional pressure, gets too tough, a simple tweet is enough to send the press stampeding in the other direction.
Other insiders see an inexorable path to normalcy and the establishment. The burdens of the office – combined with so much wise counsel – will weigh down and discipline even someone as headstrong and inexperienced as Trump.
This view was best summed up by his predecessor, Obama, who delivered this dose of realism as advice to Trump in his final presidential press conference: “This is a job of such magnitude that you can’t do it by yourself. You are enormously reliant on your team … reality has a way of biting back if you don’t pay attention to it.”
Judging from the events of the past week, it’s not clear what Trump is paying attention to. Nor is it clear whom he relies on at any given time.
This was a week when the pundits were almost united in seeing amid the inkblots something that started to look presidential. Trump’s first address to a joint session of Congress was the polar opposite of his first press conference: he stuck to his script rather than riffing at length on his pet peeves. That meant speaking in a subdued tone and complete sentences, which was such a departure from his natural style that the contrast led once again to talk of a presidential pivot.
“The most presidential speech Mr Trump has ever given,” said the New York Times, summing up the kind of reaction that left Trump’s aides elated as they returned to the White House. Anonymous sources cited the influence of his daughter Ivanka or his chief of staff, Reince Priebus.
The Washington Post reported that those same aides were surprised at how many plaudits they were earning, since the substance of the speech represented no pivot at all. Trump spoke harshly about immigrant criminals even as he made a vague promise of immigration reform. He claimed that the nation’s voters were all united behind his campaign promise to make America great again, despite the fact that he lost the popular vote by three million.
The reaction was good enough the White House decided to defer the release of the new executive order banning travel from several Muslim-majority countries. What used to be an urgent national security priority was now deferred so they could bask in the briefly good press.
But that was so Wednesday.
By the next day Trump’s entire grip on politics slipped back to its usual tenuous state as revelations emerged about his attorney general’s contacts with Russian officials through the course of the 2016 election. Jeff Sessions had testified under oath, during his own confirmation hearings, that he had no such contact. After dismissing the news reports as false, Sessions was forced to recuse himself from the ongoing investigations into the Trump campaign’s Russian ties, while also refusing to confirm the existence of any such investigations.
What followed amounted to a desperate grasping at straws by the White House and its Republican allies in Congress. They defended Sessions by pointing to past meetings between Russian officials and Democratic senators. They claimed that all such allegations were the result of a dark conspiracy between President Obama and career government officials currently buried deep within the Trump administration. The various tactics sounded much like the homepage of Breitbart, whose publisher, Steve Bannon, is now sitting inside the West Wing as Trump’s political guru.
Sessions is the second Trump confidant to be laid low by the Russian saga that is unfolding on a social network near you. Michael Flynn, Trump’s first national security adviser, was forced out of his job for lying to the vice-president about his Russian contacts during the presidential transition. Sessions lied to the Senate under oath in what other justice department officials usually consider a case of perjury.
Still, the reality is that the Trump administration has every available tool to block the Russian investigation. Sessions would need to appoint a special counsel to investigate Russian ties to lead to any prosecution. Without a special counsel, the current FBI investigations will grind to a halt before any decision to prosecute.
Congress could pick up those investigations and lead to impeachment. But given the solid Republican control of both sides of Capitol Hill, that is unlikely – unless public opinion turns even more decisively against Trump, especially among Republican voters.
In the meantime, we are left with Trump’s unprecedented Twitter trolling this weekend. Projecting his own plotting on his predecessor, Trump accused Obama of “McCarthyism” before grasping for another historical comparison, complete with the usual misspelling: “How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!”
Minutes after declassifying this blockbuster intelligence about a new Watergate, Trump had already moved on to more weighty matters. 
“Arnold Schwarzenegger isn’t voluntarily leaving the Apprentice,” he wrote. “He was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. Sad end to a great show.”
You can almost feel the burn, or the narcissism, or the attention deficit disorder. It’s up to you.



ARTICLE
Civil rights activists have made a probably doomed last-ditch effort to prevent the confirmation of Jeff Sessions as Donald Trump’s attorney general, as the Republican-controlled Senate prepared to approve his nomination on Wednesday.
A petition bearing the names of 1 million people asking lawmakers to reject Sessions, a rightwing senator for Alabama, was delivered to Washington by a coalition of activist groups that said his record made him “entirely unfit” to be the nation’s top law enforcement official.
“Senator Sessions has built his career on demonizing people of color, women, the LGBT community, people with disabilities, immigrants and refugees,” said Wayne Henderson, the president of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights.
Sessions is expected to be confirmed by the Republican-controlled Senate in a vote later on Wednesday. The vote follows a heated hearing on Tuesday evening in which the Democratic senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts was silenced by the Republican leadership while trying to read sharply critical 1986 testimony about Sessions from Martin Luther King’s late widow, Coretta Scott King.
None of Sessions’s Republican colleagues have said publicly that they intend to vote against him and Joe Manchin, a conservative Democrat from West Virginia, has said he plans to vote to confirm Sessions. The Republicans have 52 seats in the 100-member Senate; a simple majority is needed to confirm a cabinet nominee. 
Trump’s nomination of the 70-year-old senator, who was blocked from a federal judgeship in 1986 following allegations of racism, has attracted extraordinary levels of opposition from members of Congress and campaign groups. As attorney general, Sessions would be responsible for the enforcement of federal civil rights laws intended to protect minorities. 
A video advertisement released this week, which urged those watching to ask their representatives to vote no on Sessions, focused on his 1985 indictment of three African American activists on charges of voter fraud when he was the top federal prosecutor in Alabama’s southern district. The three were later acquitted by a jury.
“We were trying to register black people to vote,” Evelyn Turner, one of those indicted by Sessions, says in the clip. “And Jeff Sessions was trying to put us in jail.” Turner tells viewers that Sessions has not changed since he prosecuted her.
During Senate judiciary committee hearings on Sessions’ nomination last month, Cory Booker, a senator for New Jersey, became the first in the genteel chamber’s history to testify against the confirmation of a colleague. Fellow Democratic congressman John Lewis, a hero of the civil rights era, also testified passionately against the confirmation of Sessions.
In response, conservatives have rallied round Sessions. The 45 Committee campaign group, which is funded by prominent Republican donors Todd Ricketts and Sheldon Adelson, last month paid for national television advertisements that told people to urge their members congress to vote yes.
Sessions, a former state attorney general who has represented Alabama in Washington since 1997, was the first member of the Senate to support Trump’s wildcard presidential campaign and is credited with pushing the property tycoon toward a “law and order” agenda.
Allegations of bigotry, which he denies, have dogged Sessions’ career. After hearing accusations that he had made racist remarks, the Republican-controlled US Senate judiciary committee voted in June 1986 to reject his appointment by Ronald Reagan to a federal judgeship in southern Alabama. It was this judgeship that King was opposing in the letter that Warren read from on Tuesday. 
A black prosecutor who worked for Sessions in his federal prosecutor’s office testified that Sessions had called him “boy” and told him to be careful what he said to white people. He was also said to have condemned the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) as “un-American” and suggested that a white civil rights attorney might be a race traitor.
In his hearings last month, Sessions said: “This caricature of me in 1986 was not correct.”
More recently, Sessions has described Black Lives Matter as “really radical” and blamed the protest movement for a rise in violent crime in some US cities. He has consistently attacked US justice department investigations into troubling practices in local police departments, which the Obama administration opened in cities such as Ferguson, Missouri.
Last year, Sessions helped to block a bipartisan congressional criminal justice reform plan that would have reduced “mandatory minimum” prison sentences and made other changes to the federal prisons system.
This record has led civil rights campaigners to conclude that the grounds on which Sessions was rejected by the Senate in 1986 continue to exist today. Cornell Brooks, the current president of the NAACP, said his nomination was “deeply troubling”. Democratic congressman Luis Gutiérrez of Illinois said Sessions was the choice of people who had “nostalgia for the days when blacks kept quiet”.



ARTICLE
After months of attending meetings of world leaders and visiting factories with her father, the role of first daughter Ivanka Trump is officially expanding – creating new ethical issues for an administration that has been heavily criticized over its potential conflicts of interest.
She will not have a specific title, but Trump will have an office in the West Wing, a government-issued phone and computer and security clearance to access classified information, and she will advise her father.
“While there is no modern precedent for an adult child of the president, I will voluntarily follow all of the ethics rules placed on government employees,” she told Politico in a statement.
But following the ethics guidelines should not be voluntary, said Richard Painter, a law professor at the University of Minnesota who served as chief ethics lawyer for George W Bush between 2005 and 2007.
“Given what she’s going to do, I don’t think she has any choice,” he said. “She has a West Wing office, she has equipment, she has a White House email address, she’s going to be doing policy work,” said Painter.
“For purposes of the conflict of interest statute, I believe she is a government employee,” he added.
Ivanka Trump’s lawyer, Jamie Gorelick, argues that since she will earn no salary and not be sworn in, she does not count as a government employee. There is no precedent for adult children whose father is president working in the White House, although two presidents – Andrew Jackson and James Buchanan – had their nieces serve in the role of first lady since Jackson was a widower and Buchanan a bachelor.
Trump has handed control over the day-to-day running of her eponymous clothing business to an executive and its assets are maintained by a trust managed by two of her husband’s siblings.
As part of the trust rules, outlined in the New York Times, Trump can veto any potential business deals for her clothing company that might create a conflict with her political work.
That means, points out Painter, that Trump has to know about any new deal that might put her at risk of breaking the statute, meaning she can be held responsible.
“She’s got accountability on that stuff. She can’t just blame the trustee,” he said.
Trump’s marriage to her father’s senior adviser, the real estate developer Jared Kushner, poses additional potential problems, because both could benefit financially from each other’s businesses.
Painter warned that the pair should avoid official political discussions involved with trade agreements regarding textiles, real estate and even bank deregulation, since that can affect real estate.
That means if the premier of China visits the White House – most of Ivanka Trump’s clothing line is made in China and Hong Kong – it is fine for her to attend the meeting, but she should not mention trade and if the discussion begins to focus on trade, she should excuse herself, says Painter. 
The ethics expert noted approvingly that Ivanka Trump engaged Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr, the same legal services used by the secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, former head of ExxonMobil, to handle issues of conflict of interest. Kushner also used the DC-based lawyers to manage his potential conflicts of interest with his family business after taking the role of adviser in the Trump administration.
“It’s a criminal statute, so people better not mess up under it. But I think she’ll do the right thing,” said Painter.



ARTICLE
The White House claimed talks between Donald Trump and House speaker Paul Ryan were ongoing on Friday as the Republican effort to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act stood on the verge of defeat.
Earlier the White House had insisted there would be a vote at 3.30pm, but moments after that deadline slipped by, reports began to emerge that Trump had asked for the vote to be pulled. Ryan was due to hold a press conference at 4pm.
“They are continuing to discuss the way forward on this,” the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, said of the meeting. “The speaker is updating him on his efforts.”
Spicer said Trump had been calling House members from early in the morning to late at night to lobby for the legislation and insisted that the president “left everything on the field when it comes to this bill”.
He said: “The question is can we get to 216 [votes]? But make no mistake about it, the president made clear last night that this is it.”
A downbeat Spicer added: “At some point you can only do so much ... We are confident that we have done everything and it’s now up to the voters [in Congress] ... And I think that now’s the time for the vote.”
Asked if the buck stopped with Trump, the author of the Art of the Deal who predicated his presidential run on his negotiating skills, the press secretary replied: “You can’t force someone to vote a certain way.”
Trump  started the day by employing an unconventional negotiating strategy – mocking conservatives for being insufficiently anti-abortion.
“The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!” Trump tweeted, referring to the hard-right group of conservative legislators.
The American Health Care Act includes a provision to defund the women’s health organization, which has long been a bête noire for conservatives opposed to abortion rights who strongly object to taxpayer money going to an organization that performs abortions.
Prior to his run for president as a Republican, Trump described himself as “very pro-choice”. Even on the campaign trail, he went out of his way to praise Planned Parenthood, saying that the organization had done “very good work for millions of women”. 
Freedom Caucus members, who held a late-night meeting Thursday on Capitol Hill to plot their strategy, were skeptical of the AHCA on the grounds that it left too much of the architecture of the Affordable Care Act, widely known as Obamacare, in place. However, they won one major victory on Thursday when they were able to add a provision removing the federal mandate for “essential health benefits” in the bill and letting states decide which health benefits were essential. Under the current law, all health insurance plans are required to cover these 10 services, including maternity care, mental health, prescription drugs and both inpatient and outpatient care.
This concession helped to win over hesitant conservatives, including some members of the Freedom Caucus.
But a number of conservatives remain dissatisfied, while at the other end of the spectrum, some Republican moderates believe the legislation goes too far and would result in too many people losing their health coverage. A report from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimated that 24 million fewer Americans would have health insurance in 2026 if the AHCA passes.
Twenty-two Republican defectors would be enough to lead to the AHCA failing in the House. No Democrats are expected to vote for the bill. 
Republican Mark Amodei of Nevada, an opponent of the bill, saw this number as being relatively easy to reach. “You’re going to get some noes out of the Freedom Caucus, get some noes out of those 59 people elected in Hillary Clinton-voting districts, and then you have some of the people in the middle and we don’t fit into any label and I think you’re going to get some of those too,” said Amodei. 
He noted “that doesn’t require a lot of noes from each [group]”, adding that 22 “doesn’t seem like a monster number”.
Among the Republicans opposing the bill is Rodney Frelinghuysen of New Jersey, who is the chair of the House appropriations committee. It is almost unprecedented in recent congressional history for such an important figure to oppose the House speaker on a major legislative priority.
The bill is politically risky: although recent polling from Quinnipiac University showed that a majority of Americans wanted at least some changes to Obama’s health law, it also pegged current support for the AHCA among voters at only 17%. 
Democrats seemed eager to use the vote for political leverage in midterm elections. The House minority leader, Nancy Pelosi, predicted in a press conference on Friday: “The people who vote for this will have this vote tattooed to their foreheads as they go forward. They have to answer for the vote.” Already, on Friday, a number of Republicans in competitive districts announced they were voting no including Barbara Comstock, who represents a swing Virginia district just outside Washington.
But the blame game was also being played on the other side of the aisle.
Amodei complained to reporters that his caucus “didn’t spend a lot talking about a unified Republican vision for what we should do with healthcare in the House”, while Paul Gosar, a member of the Freedom Caucus, pointed a finger at White House staff. 
“We need to get this across the finish line, but [Trump’s] relying a lot on his staff,” Gosar said. Further, sources close to the White House have been pushing the blame on Paul Ryan in discussons with reporters from several outlets.
Democrats took their own lessons. The House minority whip, Steny Hoyer, told reporters that Republicans “find themselves in this position because they have now for a very long period of time said to themselves that they don’t want to include Democrats”.



ARTICLE
Sarah Palin has finally made it to the Oval Office.
The former governor of Alaska and vice-presidential nominee visited Donald Trump at the White House on Wednesday night, along with the controversial musicians Ted Nugent and Kid Rock.
The photos show the trio having a “glowing all American over the top” time, as Nugent described it on Facebook. They were accompanied by Nugent’s wife, Shemane Deziel, and Audrey Berry, Kid Rock’s fiancee.
In the photos she released on social media, Palin can be seen chatting with Jared Kushner, and looking at documents with Trump in the Oval Office.
In one photo, Palin can clearly be seen making a face as the trio pose mockingly in front of a portrait of the former first lady and erstwhile Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
Palin, who served as a prominent surrogate during Trump’s presidential campaign, was not given a formal role in his administration. On her official website, she wrote that the president had invited her for dinner, and told her to bring some friends. 
“Asked why I invited Kid Rock and Ted Nugent I joked, ‘Because Jesus was booked,’” she wrote.
Nugent has a history of making racist remarks and posting racist memes on his official social media accounts. In 1990, he defended South Africa’s apartheid rule by stating: “All men are not created equal.” More recently, Nugent was forced to apologize for an antisemitic Facebook post which featured photos of several prominent American Jewish politicians – including Michael Bloomberg and Chuck Schumer – with an Israeli flag superimposed on their faces. The image was headlined: “So who is really behind gun control?”
Nugent repeatedly attacked Barack Obama during his time in office, calling him a “subhuman mongrel” worthy of being “tried for treason & hung”. In 2007, he told concertgoers: “Obama, he’s a piece of shit. I told him to suck on my machine gun. Hey, Hillary [Clinton], you might want to ride one of these into the sunset, you worthless bitch.”
Kid Rock, meanwhile, has a history of posing with the Confederate flag. 



ARTICLE
A senior official in the Trump White House has said he was not aware of any plans to lift sanctions on Russia and did not think it would be a “smart” thing to do in the absence of any change in Moscow’s behaviour.
Kevin Harrington, the newly appointed deputy assistant to the president for strategic planning, cautioned on Monday that the fact he had not seen any draft plans to relax pressure on Moscow did not mean they did not exist, but he stressed he did not think it would be good policy.
“[There’s] nothing that I have seen, nothing that I am aware of,” said Harrington, a former investment fund manager for Pieter Thiel, a prominent Trump backer. “It doesn’t mean there aren’t things going on. It’s early days in the administration. Obviously it’s going to rethink a lot of things in the long run.
“It’s smart to look at things from fresh angles, as it’s a fresh administration, but that doesn’t mean you should drop things for no improvement in behaviour anywhere. That wouldn’t be smart either,” Harrington said at a conference on sanctions organised by the Foundation for the Defence of Democracies. 
There were reports in the first week of the Trump administration that the White House had drafted an executive order that would lift some or all of the sanctions imposed on Moscow by the Obama administration for its military intervention in Ukraine and its hacking of the US election.
After lobbying from congressional Republicans and the British prime minister, Theresa May, during her visit to Washington on 27 January, Trump appeared to backpedal on the issue, saying it was “very early” to start considering sanctions relief on Moscow. 
However, the president has avoided any serious criticism of Russian actions in Syria or in Ukraine. 
In official White House accounts of Trump’s phone conversations with the Ukrainian president, Petro Poroshenko, and Nato secretary-general, Jens Stoltenberg, the Ukrainian conflict is portrayed as a border dispute between Ukraine and Russia.
US allies, in contrast, view the annexation of Crimea and the military support for pro-Moscow rebels in eastern Ukraine as acts of Russian aggression – a position which was shared by the Obama administration. 
Trump and Vladimir Putin have consistently defended each other from criticism. It was reported in Moscow on Monday that the Kremlin had named a high-ranking new ambassador to Washington, deputy foreign minister Anatoly Antonov. Antonov had been the public face of Russian intervention in Syria in his previous job as deputy foreign minister, and both governments have emphasised their common objective in combating terrorism in the Middle East. 
In its first few weeks, the Trump administration has, however, differed markedly from Putin in its attitude to Iran, a close ally of Moscow which the White House has singled out as an adversary, expanding sanctions against Tehran last week in retaliation for a ballistic missile test and Iranian support for Houthi rebels in Yemen.
In his remarks on Monday, Harrington argued that the test launch showed Iran was not taking seriously the 2015 nuclear deal it agreed with US and five other major powers, and he suggested that US respond by also ceasing to abide by the “spirit of the agreement”, though he did not describe how that might be done.
That deal, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), does not address missile development, though a UN resolution endorsing the deal “called on” Iran to refrain from developing or testing missiles that could potentially carry nuclear warheads. The Trump administration insists that the missile test on 29 January fitted that description. 
“This very provocative series of missile tests Iran is engaged is are basically a signal that is not taking the JCPOA all that seriously,” Harrington said. “So we need to take account of that and maybe operate less in the spirit of the agreement as well in response.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s leaked tax return reveals that the businessman had to pay tens of millions of dollars in a single year because of a tax rule that he has specifically promised to abolish as president.
A two-page section of Trump’s tax return for 2005, which was published by MSNBC late on Tuesday, revealed that the president paid $38m in federal taxes on more than $150m in income in 2005.
But the documents also showed that about 82% of the total paid to the Internal Revenue Service that year by Trump and his wife, Melania, was incurred due to a tax that Trump has said should be abolished. 
The “alternative minimum tax” (AMT), which was introduced to ensure the mega wealthy pay a fairer share of tax, comprised $31m of Trump’s tax bill compared with $5.3m in regular federal income tax. In the run-up to November’s election, Trump pledged to eliminate the AMT altogether, meaning the president campaigned for a change in the tax law that would have benefited him.
The publication of the paperwork prompted immediate condemnation from the White House, which accused MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow of breaking the law and preemptively released figures from the same year.
“You know you are desperate for ratings when you are willing to violate the law to push a story about two pages of tax returns from over a decade ago,” a Trump administration official said in a statement.
“Before being elected president, Mr Trump was one of the most successful businessmen in the world with a responsibility to his company, his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required.” 
The official added that Trump “paid $38m even after taking into account large-scale depreciation for construction, on an income of more than $150m, as well as paying tens of millions of dollars in other taxes such as sales and excise taxes and employment taxes, and this illegally published return proves just that”.
“Despite this substantial income figure and tax paid, it is totally illegal to steal and publish tax returns,” the official said. 
“The dishonest media can continue to make this part of their agenda, while the president will focus on his, which includes tax reform that will benefit all Americans.”
Contrary to the White House’s claim, Maddow said the return was “turned over” to David Cay Johnston, a 2001 Pulitzer prize-winning investigative journalist who focuses on tax and finance issues and who joined her on the broadcast. It is not a violation of the law to publish leaked tax returns. Appearing on Maddow’s show, Johnston said he did not know who sent him the excerpts from Trump’s 2005 return, which appeared in his mailbox.
The documents indicate that Trump paid an effective federal income tax of about 25% in 2005 and reported a $105m write-down. Hillary Clinton, Trump’s Democratic opponent in last year’s election, had an effective federal rate of 30.8% that same year, according to her campaign. 
Trump’s son, Donald Trump Jr, welcomed the leak, adding to speculation over whether the president leaked a favourable portion of his own tax return.
Either way, Tuesday’s partial disclosure will further pressure the White House to publish the president’s tax returns in full. As a candidate, Trump broke with a 40-year precedent by refusing to release his tax returns despite repeated calls from his opponents in both parties.
The last major-party nominee to withhold tax records was Gerald Ford, who assumed the presidency after Richard Nixon’s resignation in 1974. Ford released a summary of data from eight years of tax returns but did not disclose the full documents.
Trump initially said he could not release his tax returns due to an ongoing audit by the IRS, even though such a fact would not legally preclude him from doing so. Nixon released his tax returns while they were under audit in 1973.
Trump’s campaign later pivoted to saying his taxes were a nonissue that would “distract” from his message. Polling in the campaign found that a majority of Americans, including a majority of Republican voters, wished to see the real estate developer’s tax returns.
But despite Clinton’s efforts to cast a spotlight on Trump’s refusal to disclose his returns, the subject failed to have a lasting impact as voters headed toward the polls. Following his victory in the November election, Trump declared in his first press conference as president-elect that Americans did not care about his tax returns.
 “You know, the only one that cares about my tax returns are the reporters, OK? They’re the only ones,” Trump said. “I won. And became president,” he continued when asked if the matter was not of concern to the American public. 
“I don’t think they care at all ... I think you care.”
Polling conducted since the election has found otherwise, with nearly three-quarters of Americans responding that Trump should release his tax returns.
A report in the New York Times last year, based on a filing from 1995, found Trump could have taken advantage of a loophole that potentially enabled him to legally avoid paying any federal income taxes for up to 18 years. 
That year, Trump declared a $916m loss on his income tax returns, stemming from a series of struggles pertaining to his casino empire and a failed attempt to enter the airline business. Tax experts said Trump could have used the loss to offset the equivalent amount of taxable income for up to two decades due to a tax code advantage for real estate developers.
The alternative minimum tax was created in 1969 (and amended in 1979) to address the fact that some of the uber-wealthy could use so many deductions and loopholes that they ended up paying zero federal income tax. People with high incomes have to calculate their taxes twice – once with all their deductions and once without many of them. The taxpayer must then pay the higher of the two figures.
The AMT brought in about $28bn, or roughly 2% of all individual income tax revenues in 2015, according to the Tax Policy Center, a nonpartisan thinktank, which said that 4.1m people paid it. 
The gap between those two figures can be enormous – as is made clear by these Trump tax returns, which show Trump would have paid a fraction in taxes were it not for the AMT.
“If we didn’t have the alternative minimum tax, he would have paid taxes at a lower rate than the poor who make less than $33,000 a year,” David Cay Johnston said on MSNBC about the returns. The AMT was applied to just a few hundred wealthy individuals when it was first imposed, but today it hits almost 5 million taxpayers.



ARTICLE
Ask someone to picture Bernie Sanders and they’ll likely see him leaning over a podium. With his arms raised. Shouting.
So the senator’s latest venture may seem a little jarring. It’s a chat show.
There have been four episodes of The Bernie Sanders Show so far, with the most popular seeing Sanders and his guest, Bill Nye, seated on stylish red armchairs. A coffee table is in front of them and shelves of hardback books line the wall behind. 
Sanders has pages of notes resting on one knee. It could almost be a Sunday breakfast show. 
But the genial settings shouldn’t fool anyone. Once the show gets under way, Sanders is typically brusque.
“Let’s cut right to it,” he tells Nye as he starts their conversation. We have a president who doesn’t believe in climate change, Sanders says. He asks Nye what this means for the environment.
The Bernie Sanders show, which is filmed in the Democratic party’s DC-based studio, is atypical in ways beyond just presentation. Sanders has decided to bypass traditional media and broadcast exclusively on Facebook. And it is attracting – to borrow a Sandersism – a huge audience.
The first episode of the show featured the Rev William Barber, a protestant minister and activist who is a national board member of the NAACP. The conversation, aired on 16 February, focussed on grassroots mobilizing, and has been viewed more than 950,000 times.
But it was the Nye broadcast that really got the Sanders’ team excited.
“That was the moment when we really saw the power of this. We got 75,000 people watching at the same time and it got over 4.5m views,” said Josh Miller-Lewis, Sanders’ deputy communications director.
It wasn’t just the viewing figures that were positive. Sanders is probably the most popular politician among millennials, and they let him know.
“Both Bill Nye and Bernie Sanders are amazing people! It gives me hope to see the two sitting down with each other talking about scientifically-informed public policy,” one person wrote.
“Today is my birthday and I wouldn’t wanna spend it any other way,” read another comment.
Various other people wanted to buy Sanders a beer, or indulge in other similarly relaxing pastimes.
The bulk of the audience is 18 to 45 years old – the sort of people who fueled Sanders’ presidential bid – and the show seems to have borrowed some of the fan imagery that emerged during that campaign.
The Bernie Sanders Show logo features a stencil outline of the top half of Sanders’ face in a style very similar to the Sanders tattoos that adorn many supporters bodies. 
Miller-Lewis said Sanders himself is the brains behind much of the output.
“A lot of it’s Bernie to be honest. He is the creative source for this. All of the success that we have on social media stems from his message and it’s a powerful message that people respond to,” Miller-Lewis said.
“He’ll go through comments on his Facebook posts and talk with us about how people are responding, their reaction to certain policies, things they are struggling with in their lives.”
That information feeds into who Sanders invites onto the show, the issues he discusses, and his ambitious plans to take the show on the road.
Miller-Lewis said the senator plans to travel around the country bringing everyday folk on the program to talk about and highlight issues important to them. Planning is still in the early stages, but the tour is likely to begin with Sanders hosting fast food workers as a way to discuss the Fight for 15 campaign.
“Our goal – and this is all coming from the senator – is to find new ways to move outside the bubble of DC,” Miller-Lewis said.
“I think too often we get stuck in the debate and the discussions that are going on on the hill and in Congress. The senator really wants to find ways to go out and hear from real people in this country.”
Although Sanders’ use of Facebook as a way to directly reach his audience may be novel, the idea of a politician bypassing the mainstream media has been around for decades.
Nikki Usher, professor at George Washington university’s school of media and public affairs, said Franklin Delano Roosevelt started the trend with his radio “fireside chats” during the 1930s and 40s. John F Kennedy picked up the baton when he became the first president to fully embrace television – in part because he thought he could speak direct to the American public. 
Barack Obama used broadcasts on the White House’s website, while Donald Trump has taken this to a new, albeit less polished, level with his Twitter use.
The scope of Sanders’ Facebook audience became clear after he used the platform to give a response to Trump’s state of the union speech in February. The video has 8.3m views, and statistics that Sanders’ office shared with the Guardian showed 80,000 people watched it live.
“We were essentially reaching as many people as we could if he went on cable news after the address,” Miller-Lewis said.
“But instead he was able to give a 15-minute speech about whatever he wanted. He didn’t have to deal with the questions that they were going to ask or the things the anchors on CNN thought were important.”
While that might be a boon for politicians, Usher said the rise of direct messaging is not necessarily a good thing for the public because it eliminates journalists as gatekeepers for policing potential misinformation.
“We know once misinformation or even just a part of an argument enters the public dialogue its really hard to correct misinformation,” Usher said. “I think it’s really concerning.”
While the show does allow Sanders to bypass questions from the media, Miller-Fox said it also enables him to learn from the public.
“He views social media as an incredibly important tool for talking to people, for communicating,” he said. 
“He’ll go through comments on his Facebook posts and talk with us about how people are responding, their reaction to certain policies, things they are struggling with in their lives.”



ARTICLE
The Standing Rock Sioux tribe and its supporters are vowing to resist Donald Trump’s executive order to allow construction of the Dakota Access pipeline with legal action, civil disobedience and a return to the “water protector” encampments. 
“President Trump is legally required to honor our treaty rights and provide a fair and reasonable pipeline process,” said Standing Rock Sioux tribal chairman Dave Archambault, who called Trump’s action “politically motivated”. 
“Creating a second Flint does not make America great again,” he added.
The executive order represents a major – if not wholly unexpected – reversal of fate for the $3.8bn project, which was slated to cross the Missouri River just upstream of the Standing Rock Sioux reservation. The tribe feared the pipeline would contaminate their drinking water and destroy sacred sites.
On 5 December, the US army corps of engineers denied a permit for the pipeline to cross the river, handing a major victory to the thousands of Native American and environmental activists who established encampments on the banks of the river to oppose the pipeline. 
The denial of the permit – and initiation of an environmental impact statement – were expected to delay the pipeline’s completion by years. Water protectors in Washington DC were already mobilizing on Facebook to protest at the White House on Tuesday evening. “Stopping these projects will require action at home, in the halls of power, and in the path of each pipeline,” the group wrote. 
Jan Hasselman, a lawyer representing the tribe, said that Trump had “unlawfully and arbitrarily sidestepped” the findings of the previous administration. “It’s an insult to the Standing Rock and all of its supporters in Indian country, and it’s a continuation of a historic pattern of trampling on Native rights,” he added.
Dallas Goldtooth, an organizer with the Indigenous Environmental Network and member of the Mdewakanton Dakota and Dine tribes, said he had expected Trump to support the pipeline, but did not imagine it would happen within days of the administration. 
“These are attacks on our ancestral homelands,” he said. “These orders demonstrate that he is more than willing to violate federal law that protects the environment and protects our communities and protects indigenous rights for the benefit of oil and gas.” 
Ron His Horse is Thunder, a member of the Hunkpapa-Lakota Oyate tribe, said he anticipated a protracted court battle to stop the pipeline. But the former Standing Rock chairman said he feared the pipeline corporation, with the support of Trump, could eventually push forward. 
“It’ll slow down the executive order, but it’s not going to stop it,” he said. “It takes us back to where we were when the whole protest started.”
The Standing Rock encampments swelled to include tens of thousands of people in early December, but the numbers shrank significantly following the announcement of the permit denial. The tribe asked supporters to go home for the winter following the December decision, and reiterated that call on 21 January, with a unanimous vote of the tribal council. 
About 300 to 500 water protectors have remained at the camps through the harsh North Dakota winter, leading to multiple recent clashes with law enforcement and ongoing concerns about the harsh tactics employed by a militarized police force. 
Linda Black Elk, a member of the Catawba Nation who works with the Standing Rock Medic & Healer Council, said campers had been working hard to clean up and considering whether to leave in accordance with the tribal council’s wishes. But Tuesday’s announcement changes that.
“We can’t back down now. We have to continue to stand to protect the water for future generations,” she said. “I’m not scared for myself, but I admit I am frightened for the future.” 
Some activists who left in December may soon return to the camps. 
Xhopakelxhit, a member of the Nuu Chah Nulth, Coast Salish, and Cree who was a steady presence at Standing Rock last year, said she would return as soon as possible. 
“If you want to stand with Standing Rock, this is the time people should be there,” said Xhopakelxhit, who is a member of the Red Warrior camp, which organized direct actions against the pipeline. “The people still at camp are requesting help, more bodies, people who are willing to actually make a stand with them, because it’s the most dire need.”
Others promised the escalation of solidarity protests around the country. 
“We need mass civil disobedience and a showing of solidarity with Standing Rock,” said Kandi Mossett, a member of the Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara tribes, who lives in North Dakota. “The Trump administration is sparking a revolution that makes us stronger than we ever were before.”
Cheryl Angel, a member of the Sicangu Lakota tribe, who was one of the first to join the Sacred Stone encampment, called for “action everyday in the communities where the water protectors are standing right now”. 
For Jumping Buffalo, a member of the Standing Rock Sioux whose English name is Troy Fairbanks, Trump’s announcement came on a sad day. The sixth-generation grandson of Sitting Bull was preparing to attend the funeral of his daughter when he spoke with the Guardian. 
“You can’t drink oil. It’s so sad,” he said. Still, the tribal elder continued to hold out hope that his prayers would be answered. 
“Have we as Native people ever been given a fair shake?” he asked. “Nah. But this time, the whole world is watching.” 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s new nominee for labor secretary oversaw the justice department’s civil rights division at a time when the division was widely attacked for making politically motivated enforcement decisions, and he was personally singled out in an inspector general’s report for failing to closely supervise a subordinate who was accused of illegally politicizing the hiring process.
Trump’s new nominee, Alexander Acosta, is the dean of the Florida International University College of Law and the former US attorney for the southern district of Florida. He is Trump’s selection to replace Andrew Puzder, whose nomination foundered after accusations of alleged wrongdoing in his businesses and personal life. 
But Acosta’s record is not without its own potential sticking points. From August 2003 to June 2005, Acosta served as the assistant attorney general in charge of the justice department’s civil rights division. During that time, the division was roundly accused of a lax approach to racial bias and voting rights and of taking the politics of a lawyer into consideration when hiring new attorneys and assigning or transferring cases.
Those accusations became the subject of hearings on Capitol Hill and a 2008 joint investigation by the Office of the Inspector General and the Office of Professional Responsibility, which singled out Acosta personally for a failure of oversight. Acosta, the investigation concluded, had failed to act on “red flags” about the conduct of his subordinate in charge of hiring. 
The employee, Bradley Schlozman, was ultimately hauled before a congressional committee on charges that he had used political affiliations in vetting potential civil rights attorneys. 
Federal law prohibits the use of political or ideological affiliation to evaluate candidates for the justice department’s career attorney positions.
The OIG report that chastised Acosta concluded that Schlozman distinguished between “right-thinking Americans” and “libs” or “commies” when hiring new attorneys, and that Acosta was aware that Schlozman had forwarded a racially insensitive email around the office.
Despite his own misgivings about Schlozman, the report said, Acosta did nothing to prevent Schlozman from becoming his replacement when he left the civil rights division.
In an email, Schlozman said: “I strongly disagree with the preposterous allegations leveled by the highly partisan inspector general back in 2008, most of which have been refuted.” He provided the link to a Weekly Standard article which disputed many of the report’s claims.
“I’d also note that the Obama DoJ’s civil rights division engaged in politicized hiring at a level exponentially worse than anything I was even accused of,” he said. “Battling the unprofessional attorneys who populated much of the Division during my tenure was a herculean task, but I am extremely proud of my tenure there.”
Acosta reads as an odd selection for Trump’s cabinet. He has been outspoken in his defense of Muslim Americans and their religious civil liberties, criticizing policies that prohibit headscarfs. And unlike many Trump picks, his résumé is one of a career civil servant. Acosta has clerked for the conservative US supreme court justice Samuel Alito, served on the National Labor Relations Board, and worked as a federal prosecutor. 
Still, his 2003 appointment to lead the civil rights division elicited mixed feelings from civil rights groups. “There is no broad-based support for Acosta among civil rights groups, as of yet,” Nancy Zirkin, of the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights, said at the time. “Several organizations are expressing concern.” 
The Bush administration enacted policies that seemed to make politicized hiring inevitable. In 2002, the then attorney general, John Ashcroft, disbanded the hiring committees made up of veteran career attorneys and placed the authority to hire with political appointees. A year later, Acosta issued a memo within the civil rights division that further reduced the ability of career civil servants to vet potential hires.
The changes took their toll. From 2003 to 2006, only 42% of new hires in the Civil Rights Division had civil rights experience, compared with 77% of new hires in the two years prior, according to an investigation by the Boston Globe. 
The Globe report, for which reporters obtained hundreds of pages of hiring data from an open records request, also found that the new hires’ credentials skewed political. Eleven out of 45 lawyers hired in that period were members of the Federalist Society, a conservative thinktank, and seven were members of the Republican National Lawyers Association. 
During the same time period, the Globe reported, the civil rights division brought far fewer voting rights cases or cases involving employment bias against black people than before, and more cases alleging discrimination against white people or Christians. Morale among career civil rights attorneys became so low, some complained to the Globe, that a 2005 buyout offered led to 63 resignations – twice the average number since the late 1990s. 
“The clear emphasis has been to hire individuals with conservative credentials,” Jon Greenbaum, a career civil rights attorney, told the Globe. Greenbaum left in 2003. “If anything, a civil rights background is considered a liability.”
David Becker, a career voting rights attorney who accepted the buyout in 2005, told the Globe that the division replaced lawyers like him with “inexperienced ideologues, virtually none of which have any civil rights or voting rights experiences”.
It was during these turbulent years that Acosta oversaw the civil rights division and delegated hiring to two subordinates who were later accused of improperly considering applicants’ political or ideological affiliations.
Acosta gave final authority on hiring to Sheldon Bradshaw, his primary deputy assistant attorney general, who in turn turned over most hiring decisions to another deputy, Schlozman. 
According to several members of the division who spoke to investigators, Schlozman ran the hiring process with little oversight or scrutiny. 
Schlozman and his superior frequently referred to applicants they favored as being “good American”, “fine American”, “right-thinking American”, or being “on the team”, which investigators concluded were codewords for conservative. To describe applicants or career civil rights attorneys he didn’t like, investigators said, Schlozman used the terms “libs” and “commies”.
A Washington Post investigation reported that Schlozman had transferred three minority women out of their positions over their supervisors’ objections to “make room for some good Americans”. While he denied those reports, Schlozman conceded, in testimony to a congressional committee, that he often bragged of hiring conservative lawyers.
The inspector general’s investigation did not establish whether Acosta knew about the signs that Schlozman was engaged in political hiring. And Acosta claimed that no one approached him with complaints of inappropriate hiring practices.
But at least one official claimed that she complained to Acosta that Schlozman had hired as her deputy “an applicant whom she considered unqualified even for a line attorney position”. The official, special litigation chief Shanetta Cutlar, told investigators that Acosta brushed her off. Acosta claimed he did not recall the conversation. He did, however, recall having a discussion in December 2004 with a different section chief about Schlozman’s management style.
Acosta was also aware that in August 2004, Schlozman had mass-forwarded an email containing a racist joke, writing: “Y’all will appreciate [this].” In the email, a colleague said he liked his coffee “Mary Frances Berry style – black and bitter”. Berry was the former chairwoman of the United States Commission on Civil Rights. Acosta claimed he demanded a written apology from Schlozman for forwarding the email, although investigators never found such an apology when they searched Schlozman’s correspondence.
Overall, Acosta acknowledged to investigators that he was aware of potential problems with Schlozman’s conduct and formed his own concerns. But Acosta, investigators concluded, did not alert anyone in the justice department of his concerns. In fact, after Acosta left the civil rights division in 2005, Schlozman served as his acting replacement for five months before becoming an interim US attorney.
It was not until 2007 that Acosta took any action to prevent Schlozman from obtaining a position of power. At that time, Acosta claims, he helped stymie Schlozman’s hiring as director of the Executive Office for United States Attorneys.
A White House spokesman did not immediately reply to a request for comment. Cutlar, who held her position until 2010, could not be reached. 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump granted controversial adviser Steve Bannon a regular seat at meetings of the National Security Council on Saturday, in a presidential memorandum that brought the former Breitbart publisher into some of the most sensitive meetings at the highest levels of government.
The president named Bannon to the council in a reorganization of the NSC. He also said his chief-of-staff Reince Priebus would have a seat in the meetings. 
Trump also said the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff and the director of national intelligence, two of the most senior defense chiefs, will attend meetings only when discussions are related to their “responsibilities and expertise”. Barack Obama and George W Bush both gave the men in those roles regular seats on the council.
In an interview with the New York Times this week, Bannon called the press “the opposition party” and said it should “keep its mouth shut”. He has previously described himself as “a Leninist” and an “economic nationalist”. 
Before he caught the ear of Trump while the businessman was a candidate, Bannon oversaw Breitbart news, a website that has featured racist and sexist articles. Like Trump, he entered government with no experience in public service.
Also on Saturday, Trump ordered a lifetime ban on administration officials lobbying for foreign governments and a five-year ban for domestic lobbying, in an executive order signed on Saturday.
The US president also signed executive memorandums on the reorganisation of the National Security Council and the formation of a new plan to defeat the Islamic State.
During his presidential campaign, Trump promised to “drain the swamp” of Washington, which he depicted as a city rife with unscrupulous lobbyists and corrupt career politicians. 
Since election day he has drawn criticism, however, by relying on lobbyists to advise his transition team, by stocking the government with potential conflicts of interest, and by refusing to divest or publicly account for his own ethics risks. 
“So this is a five-year lobbying ban, and this is all of the people – most of the people standing behind me will not be able to go to work,” Trump said after signing the order.
“It’s a two-year ban now and it’s got full of loopholes and this is a five-year ban. So you have one last chance to get out.”
When no one around his desk in the Oval Office said anything, Trump added: “Good, I had a feeling you were going to say that.”
The order prescribes a nine-part “pledge” that among other promises commits officials to five years without lobbying after they leave the government; to reject gifts from registered lobbyists and lobbying organizations; and to never lobby on behalf of a foreign government or political party. 
The executive order has a provision that allows the president or “his designee” to grant a waiver to the ethics pledge.
The order stipulates that officials who violate the pledge can be debarred from their post and future lobbying, and possibly sued in civil court.
Trump has said he wants government officials to concentrate on their duties, rather than influence they may gain by dint of their position. Before his inauguration, he ordered a similar ban on lobbying for transition officials, but lobbyists have said that the order did nothing to close loopholes or stop undisclosed “shadow lobbying” or “strategic consulting”. 
Former officials can skip registration, for instance, by making sure to spend less than 20% of their time lobbying for a single client or in meetings with sitting officials.
In 2009, Barack Obama ordered a similar ban, for instance barring recent lobbyists from government posts and forbidding ex-officials from contact with their former agency for two years. 
The rule allowed for exceptions, however, and advisers such as John Podesta, Robert Holleyman and Jim Hock all worked in his White House despite histories with influential Washington thinktanks and firms.
Trump also directed that the National Security Council be restructured, an action typical of a new administration, and requested strategies to defeat Isis. Trump ordered 
“This is the plan to defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, in other words Isis,” the president said. “I think it’s going to be very successful. 
“That’s big stuff.”



ARTICLE
Democrat Jon Ossoff will compete in a runoff in a traditionally Republican congressional district in suburban Atlanta, after falling just short of the majority threshold needed to win outright in a special election on Tuesday.
With 88% of precincts reporting, the 30-year-old had 48.3% of the vote. He will face Republican opponent Karen Handel, a former Georgia secretary of state, on 20 June, after Handel finished second in a chaotic 18-candidate field.
In a speech just before midnight, Ossoff painted his performance as a victory, saying: “We may not know the outcome for sometime but let me tell you this, there is no doubt that this is already a victory for the ages.”
In a midnight tweet, Donald Trump took a victory lap for Ossoff’s expected failure to win a majority of the vote. “Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG “R” win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!” The campaign had attracted late attention from Trump, who tweeted six times about it in the 48 hours before polls closed, an unprecedented level of activity in a down-ballot race. 
The special election became a locus of national attention, and brought the type of politics more associated with swing states to leafy Atlanta suburbs filled with office parks and corporate headquarters. While Ossoff’s hefty fundraising of over $8 million guaranteed a media frenzy alone, it was followed with extensive advertising by Republicans urging their voters to support any candidate but Ossoff as well as the self-funded Republican Dan Moody, who saturated the area with a television spot featuring him cleaning up elephant manure.
Trump’s activity was unsurprising in a race that many nationally tried to paint as a referendum on the president in a congressional district where he lagged far behind other Republicans in 2016.
In interviews with voters, Ossoff supporters invariably cited Trump in describing why they support the Democrat. In contrast, those supporting Republican candidate were far more focused on local issues and the fine gradations between leading contenders in a crowded Republican field.
Eleven different Republicans ran in a reliably red district that has been the bedrock of the Georgia Republican party for more than a generation. Represented by Newt Gingrich, the former speaker of the House, it went on to elect Price who regularly won by landslide margins against nominal opposition. However, Clinton won 46.8% of the vote there, raising hopes for Democrats who saw it a potential gain due to Trump’s unpopularity there.
Despite its southern location, the district resembles stretches of prosperous suburbia found in metro areas ranging from Raleigh to Denver. There are far more Starbucks than Waffle Houses and nearly 60% of residents have a college degree, making it one of the most well-educated districts in the country. 
Ossoff’s performance there, which appears likely to exceed Clinton’s numbers against Trump in 2016, potentially represents a major political shift in American politics as Democrats increasingly try to woo voters in prosperous suburbs like Georgia’s Sixth District. 
It also represents a warning sign for national Republicans. Ossoff’s near-win comes a week after a Kansas Democrat made a bright red district competitive in a special election there. In both races, the Democratic congressional candidate ran roughly 24 percentage points ahead of the party’s candidate for the seat in 2016. Similar margins in 2018 would be more than sufficient for Democrats to win the 24 seats needed for the party to regain a majority in the House of Representatives.
At a local level, a runoff will also present a study in contrasts between Handel and Ossoff. Handel is a veteran politician, known for her trademark pearl necklaces, who served one term as Georgia secretary of state before resigning to run for governor in 2010. Handel narrowly lost the Republican primary for that office by 2,500 votes to current incumbent Nathan Deal and also lost a 2014 primary for US Senate. She also became a lightning rod for national controversy when she was forced to step down from a senior role at charity devoted to fighting breast cancer in 2012 after pushing it to defund Planned Parenthood.
Ossoff is a lanky 30-year-old first-time candidate who has faced heavy criticism for not living in the district. Despite growing up there, he lives with his girlfriend a few minutes away. Republicans have attacked him for producing television documentaries that have been aired by al-Jazeera as well as for potentially inflating his credentials as a former congressional staffer.



ARTICLE
Time sure does fly when you’re on Air Force One, back and forth from Washington to Florida! Donald Trump is nearly 100 days into his presidency, and so far he’s tweeted more than 860 times, rolled back nine Obama-era actions, and built a mind-boggling zero meters of his promised border wall between Mexico and the US. The Guardian has been tracking those statistics and more about the Trump administration – but what we want to do now is check in with you, the people.
How are you coping with Trump? Whether it’s via extended yoga poses or extra pilsner pours, we want to hear your tried-and-true post-inauguration hacks. Because here’s the thing: the election may be over, but the pushback that put him there – one that overlooked Trump’s alleged sexual assaults, business scandals and sundry outright lies – remains.
Experts had weighed in on how voters could survive the election cycle frenzy, and a lot of their advice feels as relevant after the fact, from logging off social media to accepting that it’s OK to feel anxious. Have you taken any measures of your own? Tell us about it in the form below. A selection of your responses will be included in coverage of the Trump presidency. 
Thank you for your submissions. The form is now closed, but a selection of your responses will appear in upcoming coverage around Trump’s 100th day in office.



ARTICLE
Customs officials have reportedly told US airlines that they can board passengers who had been barred from entering the country after a federal judge in Seattle ordered a temporary halt on Donald Trump’s travel ban for refugees and people from seven predominantly-Muslim nations.
District judge James Robart granted a temporary restraining order on Friday after hearing arguments from Washington state and Minnesota that the president’s order had unlawfully discriminated against Muslims and caused unreasonable harm.
It was not immediately clear whether authorities would comply with the broad order, especially after officials reacted in confusion a week earlier, detaining valid visa holders and arguing with lawyers. 
Late on Friday, the White House released a statement saying that it would seek an emergency stay against Robart’s ruling; an earlier request for a stay by a justice department attorney had been denied by the judge.
“At the earliest possible time, the Department of Justice intends to file an emergency stay of this outrageous order and defend the executive order of the President, which we believe is lawful and appropriate. The president’s order is intended to protect the homeland and he has the constitutional authority and responsibility to protect the American people,” press secretary Sean Spicer said. In a second “updated” statement, the White House removed the word “outrageous”.
The justice department later said it would not immediately file for an emergency stay, at least on Friday night, and reports said Customs and Border Protection (CBP) had informed US airlines that they should board travelers who had been barred by an executive order last week.
CBP did not reply to repeated questions seeking more information, and a duty officer who answered a phone call referred questions to headquarters.
At San Francisco’s international airport, the duty manager said officials there had received no instructions from the government so far. “We’re just waiting to find out how the law’s changing and morphing,” the manager said. “People are just coming and going. We’re hoping it works out well for everyone.”
Washington state’s attorney general, Bob Ferguson, hailed the decision as an important victory against the White House.
“We are a nation of laws. Not even the president can violate the constitution,” Ferguson told reporters outside the courtroom. “No one is above the law, not even the president.”
“This decision shuts down the executive order immediately, shuts it down,” he added. “That relief is immediate, happens right now. That’s the bottom line.”
In a statement, the state department said it did not immediately know how to comply. “We are working closely with the Dept of Homeland Security and our legal teams to determine how this affects our operations.” A DHS spokeswoman said that the agency would not comment: “As a matter of policy, we do not comment on pending litigation.”
In his order, Robart wrote that the states had shown “immediate and irreparable injury” caused by Trump’s order. 
“The executive order adversely affects the states’ residents in areas of employments, education, business, family relations, and freedom to travel,” he wrote. He then issued nationwide restraining stops to several sections of Trump’s executive order: its 90-day ban on visa-holders from seven nations, its indefinite ban on Syrian refugee admissions, and its 120-day ban on the entire refugee program.
“The work of the court is not to create policy or judge the wisdom of any particular policy promoted by the other two branches,” Robart wrote. “The work of the judiciary, and this court, is limited to ensuring that the actions taken by the other two branches comport with our country’s laws, and more importantly, our constitution.”
The judge insisted that his ruling was “narrow” – about whether certain actions by the president were cause for a restraining order – but concluded that “the circumstances brought before [the court] today are such that it must intervene to fulfill its constitutional role in our tripart government.”
Trump’s order, which was signed a week ago, threw airports into chaos over whether to detain or deport travelers. Last Saturday, federal judges in Brooklyn, Boston and other cities ordered the government to temporarily halt deportations of valid visa holders. Several courts are expected to rule on whether the order is constitutional later this month.
Also on Friday, a federal judge in Boston declined to extend a temporary restraining order that allowed some immigrants into the US from countries affected by Trump’s three-month ban.
US district judge Nathaniel Gorton expressed skepticism during oral arguments about a civil rights group’s claim that Trump’s order represented religious discrimination.
Robart’s order represents the first major challenge to the Trump administration, which is expected to appeal to a higher courtHis ruling does not permanently overturn the president’s order, nor does it rule on its longer-term directives to the Department of Homeland Security (DHS).
Last week, after judges ordered Customs and Border Protection officials to stop deporting travelers with valid visas, enforcement remained confused for days. The Department of Homeland Security said that its officials would comply with court orders, but attorneys said that “rogue” agents continued to detain and even coerce detained travelers into signing away green cards.
In court, Washington solicitor general Noah Purcell called the White House’s arguments “frightening”, arguing that they cloaked everything under a veil of national security concerns. The government had argued, he said: “If the president says, ‘I’m doing this for national security’, then the court cannot review that that’s a reasonable reason. Our view is that’s not the law.”
Ferguson conceded that Congress had given the president broad powers to make national security and immigration decisions, but maintained that the order was unconstitutional discrimination. Robart pressed the government hard, however, on the president’s preference for Christian refugees and why the seven nations had been singled out when no citizens of those countries had committed terrorist acts in the US since September 11 2001.
Robart, who was appointed by George W Bush and confirmed by the Senate 99-0, said it seemed like “a bit of a reach to say the president is anti-Islam” based on his comments during the 2016 campaign but also questioned the justice department’s argument that states do not have standing to sue. He noted, for instance, that University of Washington students and faculty had been blocked from the school. “Is that not a direct financial harm?” the judge asked.
The Washington-based businesses of Amazon, Expedia and Microsoft joined the state’s efforts to stop the order. 
Elsewhere in the US, a district judge in Virginia ordered the White House to provide a list of names of “all persons who have been denied entry to or removed from the United States” – a total that tops at least 60,000 people, according to the state department.
Additional reporting from agencies.



ARTICLE
About 100 people held a pro-Donald Trump rally in midtown Manhattan on Saturday, in one of about 40 such events across the country at the end of a week in which the president failed to get enough votes to repeal the Affordable Care Act and saw the FBI confirm it was investigating possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia.
“It’s time for us to stand up and tell people what we believe in,” said Assunta Dell’Elce, a Trump supporter from Long Island who organized the Manhattan event. 
“We need to be heard.”
On Friday, the Republican speaker of the House, Paul Ryan, pulled a vote on a proposed replacement of the Affordable Care Act. On the campaign trail, Trump repeatedly promised to replace Obamacare, as the ACA is known, and touted his skills as a negotiator. 
Both claims have come under scrutiny after the president failed to convince members of his own party, who control both houses of Congress, to vote for the healthcare bill.
Dell’Elce, echoing Trump’s own remarks, said she was unperturbed by the failure.
“What’s going to happen now is Obamacare is going to get worse,” she said. “The premiums are going to go up and it’s just going to destroy itself.
“Now he’s going to take care of the taxes. I want him to take care of the middle class like us. My husband pays much too much taxes.”
Dell’Elce, who raises puppies for training as guide dogs, had predicted more than 500 people would show up. But by 1.30pm, half an hour after the official start, only around 100 were at Dag Hammarskjold Plaza, two blocks north of the United Nations building.
Undeterred, people chanted Trump’s name while a small choir sang in praise of the president. One woman was carrying a life-size cardboard cutout of Trump, while a man named Freddy Lent had brought a Trump-Pence 2016 banner – with the “16” taped over and replaced by a “20”.
“I did it with masking tape so I didn’t damage it,” he said, adding that he had travelled to Manhattan from Yonkers, about 10 miles north of the city.
Like Dell’Elce, Lent said Trump was not to blame for the failure of the healthcare bill.
“He may be the best negotiator there is,” Lent said. “But he has to just rely on his own party and deal with the Freedom Caucus and all of the hardcore conservatives.
“Sometimes you have to meet in the middle, right of center. The Freedom Caucus should be able to do that. Paul Ryan’s healthcare plan may not have been the best healthcare plan there was but it was still better than Obamacare. Everyone should have met in the middle of right of center.”
Lent said he regularly held pro-Trump events in Yonkers.
“My rallies only have a couple of people,” he said. “We stand on street corners with flags on poles.”
Similar pro-Trump events were due to take place on Saturday in cities in 30 states. Anti-Trump activists planned counter-protests at some locations. In Rhode Island, the Providence Journal reported that a march in the city attracted 1,000 people from both sides of the spectrum.
In Philadelphia, about 75 Trump supporters were met by a similar number of people opposing the president, according to the Philly Voice. A group called Resist was planning to counter a pro-Trump event in Columbus, Ohio; and at a rally at Bolsa Chica state beach in southern California, violence flared briefly.
There were no anti-Trumpers at the New York event, allowing people like Hedy Aldina, from Brooklyn, to continue their revelry unimpeded.
“Like the New Yorker he is, he’s a street fighter, and I think he knows what he’s doing,” Aldina said of the president. “It’s not his fault he keeps getting knocked down by the opposition.”
Adina had pinned 10 patches to her sheepskin coat and black trousers. Each bore a different message – “It’s time to bomb the shit out of them”, one said – and she was also wearing a ring with a rhinestone-encrusted handgun on it.
“I have one in black, one in pink, one in silver, which the cat stole, and this one,” Aldina said of her ring.
Aldina, like Dell’Elce and Lent, believed Trump was not at fault for the Republicans’ healthcare debacle. But she said it would still be good for the president to see people cheering for him.
“I think we all need support,” she said. “I do think it would be nice for him to feel the love.”
Later, Trump tweeted his thanks to those who turned out to back him. “Amazing support,” he wrote. “We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!”



ARTICLE
Bill Clinton, the former US president, has warned that America, Britain and other parts of the world are embroiled in an “identity crisis” as nationalist movements carve divisions within borders.
Clinton was making his first major public appearance on Thursday since his wife Hillary’s shock election defeat by Donald Trump, which robbed him of a widely trailed return to the White House.
Appearing relaxed and in good humour, the 42nd president spoke at the launch of a biography of Yitzhak Rabin, the late prime minister of Israel, at the Brookings Institution thinktank in Washington. He made no reference to Trump or the bruising election but suggested that the rise of nationalism echoes the turmoil in Israel that led to the 1995 assassination of Rabin.
“In the microcosm of the Middle East he prefigured the battle that is now raging across the world, that you see in America, you see in the Brexit vote, you see in the Philippine election, you see in the debates being held in the Netherlands and France, all over, where people who claim to want the nation state are actually trying to have a pan-national movement to institutionalise separatism and division within national borders all over the world,” Clinton said.
“And nothing strikes people as unusual about that, in thinking that that loyalty is more important than the loyalty to the traditions, the rules, the laws, the development of your own nation. This is a global deal. It’s like we’re all having an identity crisis at once – and it is the inevitable consequence of the economic and social changes which have occurred at increasingly rapid pace.”
Rabin’s rise to become prime minister for the second time, putting some old adversaries in government, offering Israelis assurance that they could vote on a final peace deal and trying to reconcile conflicts within the country has lessons for the present, Clinton added.
“It is worth remembering that what happened 20 years ago is a microcosm of what is coming full bloom across the world today and these things are going to have to be worked out. He believed in the end we’d be better off sharing the future.”
In what could be construed as a dig at Trump, the former president said: “I think if you believe that climate change is real, if you believe that technology will give terrorists more options to kill people and basically delegitimise the whole idea of the nation state, then the idea of institutionalised internal conflict in nation after nation after nation is not the wisest strategy to pursue.”
Clinton, who campaigned for his wife across the country and recounted her story at the Democratic national convention only to suffer crushing disappointment in November, observed that people often “have found more political success and met the deep psychic needs people have had to feel that their identity requires them to be juxtaposed against someone else”.
He challenged the audience: “It always comes down to two things – are we going to live in an us and them world, or a world that we live in together? If you got that, in every age and time, the challenges we face can be resolved in a way to keep us going forward instead of taking us to the edge of destruction.”
Last year’s election featured moments that shocked even veteran observers when at the second presidential debate Trump paraded women who have previously accused Clinton of sexual abuse. On Thursday the Democrat decried an erosion of standards and said: “We have to find a way to bring simple, personal decency and trust back to our politics.”
He called the day of Rabin’s assassination – by an extremist Jew after Rabin had signed the Oslo peace accords with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat – as maybe his worst day in the White House. “I remain convinced that had he lived we would have achieved a comprehensive agreement with the Palestinians by 1998 and we’d be living in a different world today.”



ARTICLE
US secretary of state Rex Tillerson has directed US diplomatic missions to identify “populations warranting increased scrutiny” and toughen screening for visa applicants in those groups, according to diplomatic cables seen by Reuters.
 He has also ordered a “mandatory social media check” for all applicants who have ever been present in territory controlled by Islamic State, in what two former US officials said would be a broad, labor-intensive expansion of such screening. Social media screening is now done fairly rarely by consular officials, one of the former officials said.
Four cables, or memos, issued by Tillerson over the past two weeks provide insight into how the US government is implementing what Donald Trump has called “extreme vetting” of foreigners entering the United States, a major campaign promise. The cables also demonstrate the administrative and logistical hurdles the White House faces in executing its vision.
 The memos, which have not been previously reported, provided instructions for implementing Trump’s 6 March revised executive order temporarily barring visitors from six Muslim-majority countries and all refugees, as well as a simultaneous memorandum mandating enhanced visa screening.
 The flurry of cables to US missions abroad issued strict new guidelines for vetting US visa applicants, and then retracted some of them in response to US court rulings that challenged central tenets of Trump’s executive order.
 The final cable seen by Reuters, issued on 17 March, leaves in place an instruction to consular chiefs in each diplomatic mission, or post, to convene working groups of law enforcement and intelligence officials to “develop a list of criteria identifying sets of post applicant populations warranting increased scrutiny”.
 Applicants falling within one of these identified population groups should be considered for higher-level security screening, according to the 17 March cable.
 Those population groups would likely vary from country to country, according to sources familiar with the cables, as the 17 March memo does not explicitly provide for coordination between the embassies.
 Trump has said enhanced screening of foreigners is necessary to protect the country against terrorist attacks.
 Advocates and immigration lawyers said the guidance could lead to visa applicants being profiled on the basis of nationality or religion rather than because they pose an actual threat to the United States.
 “Most posts already have populations that they look at for fraud and security issues,” said Jay Gairson, a Seattle-based immigration attorney who has many clients from countries that would be affected by the travel ban.
 “What this language effectively does is give the consular posts permission to step away from the focused factors they have spent years developing and revising, and instead broaden the search to large groups based on gross factors such as nationality and religion.”
 Virginia Elliott, a spokeswoman for the state department’s bureau of consular affairs, said the department was working to implement Trump’s presidential memorandum “in accordance with its terms, in an orderly fashion, and in compliance with any relevant court orders, so as to increase the safety and security of the American people”.
 State department officials declined to comment on the specifics of the cables, saying they were internal communications.
 A White House spokesman referred questions about the cables to the state department and OMB.
 Reuters could not determine to what extent the cables departed from guidance given to consular officers under previous administrations, since this type of guidance is not made public.
 Some consular officials suggested some of the 17 March guidance – aside from identifying particular populations and doing more social media checks – differed little from current practice, since vetting of visa applicants is already rigorous.
 
 



ARTICLE
It was a cold, misty, gray, early spring day in Albany, New York – the kind of bone-chilling, turn-up-the-heat weather that encourages residents to flee to Florida.
But 500 New Yorkers were still out on the sidewalk lobbying for healthcare reform that has long seemed like a pipe dream: government-provided universal health insurance.
“I wanna make sure my children get healthcare,” said Minerva Solla, a 66-year-old organizer with the New York State Nurses Association. “It’s a right, not a privilege.” Moments earlier she riled the crowd with call-backs: “If they don’t pass it? Vote them out!” 
Americans might know the liberal dream as “Medicare for all”. If it ever passed, it could be as comprehensive as the UK’s National Health Service. 
Universal healthcare is not a new idea, but one with fresh energy since Republicans’ disastrous attempt to reform the American health system. In Albany, a record number of people turned out to a rally for universal healthcare in New York, several activists and one lawmaker said.  
“It’s an uphill battle, and the Republicans are in control of Congress, and there’s no signal they would be willing to let this pass right now,” said Clare Fauke, spokesperson for Physicians for a National Health Program, which advocates for universal healthcare. “But we’ve been thinking in terms of the long game, and there’s never been more support for it than there is right now.”
In a universal healthcare system, New York would pay for every resident not covered by an existing federal health insurance program, like Medicare for the old or Medicaid for the poor. For-profit health insurance companies would be all but eliminated.
That would mean New Yorkers would be freed from “co-pays”, “deductibles”, and “premiums”, all insurance industry jargon for one thing: medical bills. 
“We’re unanimous that this is the most logical system going forward,” said Phil DeSalvo, a 29-year-old medical resident from New York City. He and three fellow health workers traveled three hours north on their only day off to protest. Was universal healthcare gaining momentum? 
“Absolutely, particularly with the collapse of the plan advanced by the Republicans,” he said. “This is the best solution going forward.” 
Despite campaigning for seven years to “repeal and replace” the Affordable Care Act, better known as Obamacare, Republicans’ first attempt at a reform bill sank like a stone. 
Trump and the Republican leadership’s concessions to both hardline conservatives and moderate Republicans made the bill a mishmash. Tax credits would have helped Americans buy private insurance, but the gutting of insurance regulations would have made policies practically meaningless. It would have left 52 million people uninsured by the end of the decade, at last estimate. 
It had an abysmal 17% public approval rating, and lasted two weeks before it was pulled. It is Trump’s single largest loss to date. In the vacuum of ideas, liberals have conjured hope.
 “I think fear of the Republican bill, and fear that it will come back in even worse form, is sparking support,” said Richard Gottfried, a New York City Democrat who has sponsored a universal healthcare bill since 1992.
Advocates of universal healthcare are not missing an opportunity to make a fuss. Physicians for a National Health Program held their first day of national rallies to coincide with the Congressional recess on Saturday. Protests were planned from Florida to New Hampshire, Oregon to North Carolina.
Bernie Sanders plans to introduce a bill in the US Senate to support single-payer healthcare. In the House, there is already a single-payer bill with 93 co-sponsors.
In an issue of the British medical journal the Lancet devoted to the US healthcare system this week, Sanders wrote the opening letter.
“The goal of a healthcare system should be to keep people well, not to make stockholders rich,” wrote Sanders. “The USA has the most expensive, bureaucratic, wasteful, and ineffective healthcare system in the world.”
Sanders called single-payer healthcare “as American as apple pie” – an attempt to throw off single-payer reform’s negative reputation as “socialized medicine”. 
Meanwhile, the American healthcare system may be worsening inequalities, the the Lancet found. A widening income gap, paired with insurance companies’ increasing tendency to push health costs on to consumers, has resulted in a “regressive” system in which the richest 1% of Americans can now expect to live up to 15 years longer than the poorest 1%.
Even for those who have insurance, increasing monthly costs have eroded wage gains, the Lancet reported. Medical debt accounts for more than half (52.1%) of all unpaid personal debt.
“I could tell you this – I’ve been on the job for 25 years. When I first started, I paid nothing” for healthcare, said Chris Tague, who works in road construction. He is also a part-time town supervisor in Schoharie County, New York, which voted overwhelmingly for Donald Trump.
Tague’s health insurance costs grew to $20 per week, then to $50 per week, then $75, then to more than $200 per week, he said. Middle class Americans, he said, “work their asses off for nothing”.
The ACA insures more Americans than ever. Nevertheless, 9% of Americans, or 28 million people, remained uninsured in 2015, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation. Those people are predominantly in Republican-led southern states, which rejected an expansion of Medicaid, a federal program for the poor, even though the national government paid for it.
Even conservatives admit that government-run healthcare could save money.
“I mean look, you can save money with a single-payer system, don’t misunderstand me,” said Robert Moffit, a policy analyst at the conservative Heritage Foundation. “But the quality and supply of medical services is going to be determined by government officials.”
For this and other reasons, many argue single-payer reform simply is not viable. 
“The history of healthcare reform in the US has dictated that it is politically untenable,” said Richard Boxer, a Los Angeles urologist who studies insurance reform. He pointed out that a public insurance option was proposed when the ACA was first under consideration in 2010. A Democratic Congress rejected the idea.
Grassroots efforts at the state level have also failed.
In Colorado, advocates tried to establish a state-funded universal health program through a ballot initiative last year. State residents would have paid a 10% payroll tax to fund the program. 
Though the program would have insured all Coloradans, only 20% of voters favored the effort. 
The insurance industry group Coloradans for Coloradans had a seven-to-one fundraising advantage at one point. The group raised more than $4m, its single-largest $1m donation coming from the insurance company Anthem. Comparatively, the pro-universal healthcare group ColoradoCareYES raised $902,000.
“The insurance companies, of course, were worried this would pass,” said Patricia Rice, a spokesperson for ColoradoCareYES. “Because it would signal a tidal wave. Once it passes in one state, I think it would just spread to other states and it would cut into profits.
“They were throwing everything they had at us, and we only had a few spots on television,” said Rice. 
Most analyses of universal healthcare assume that money taxpayers once spent on private insurance would go to support a government program, and that the elimination of bureaucracy and profit would save money.
A 2015 analysis of single-payer health insurance in New York found the system would save $44.7bn in healthcare costs in the first year, assuming the state could negotiate with drug companies. Studies of single-payer healthcare at the federal level have also found savings. One 1998 study found that a single-payer health system would lead “to sizable savings in the future”. 
Not all projections are rosy. The non-partisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget analyzed Sanders’ plan for universal health coverage in 2016, and found it would add $19tn to the federal debt.
New York’s latest battle to pass universal healthcare represents a theme in the long fight – so close to passage, but so far from enactment.
Gottfried’s bill is expected to pass the lower New York state assembly, but could run into trouble in the Republican-controlled senate. 
The Republican senate majority leader may never let the legislation come to the floor, and it is an open question whether the moderate Democratic governor, Andrew Cuomo, would support the legislation.
If the bill did make it to the senate floor, just one Democrat stands in the way of a majority: Simcha Felder. He represents deeply conservative orthodox Jewish neighborhoods in Brooklyn, and often caucuses with Republicans.
“I do not have a position on the New York health act,” Felder said in an email. “This legislation would be a huge overhaul of the healthcare system in New York, and I would like to hear from experts and other senators on the committee.”
“Everybody’s calling about it,” said a worker in Felder’s office, as she folded a “Healthcare is a human right” sign in half and stuffed it into a wastebin. 
Just an hour earlier, Dr Roona Ray was whipping up demonstrators, exclaiming, “We can have healthcare that covers everyone as a right and as a public good,” she said. “There will be no premiums, no co-pays, no co-insurance, no deductibles, no doughnut holes, no bills!” 
“The other side has money,” she said, “but we have people.” 

• This article was amended on 11 April 2017 to clarify the findings of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget’s analysis of Bernie Sanders’ healthcare plan.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump did not know that his now-dismissed national security adviser Michael Flynn had lobbied on behalf of the Turkish government and potentially needed to register as a “foreign agent”, Sean Spicer insisted on Friday.
The White House press secretary told his daily media briefing that Flynn’s decision to register with the justice department was a personal one and not something for Trump’s lawyers to determine.
The Associated Press reported earlier on Friday that Flynn’s personal lawyer had contacted Trump transition attorneys before the inauguration about the possible filing as Flynn was being considered for appointment as Trump’s national security adviser.
Spicer was asked on Thursday whether Trump was aware Flynn was working as a “foreign agent” when he gave him the job, and replied: “I don’t believe that was known.”
Flynn resigned in February after just four weeks as national security adviser when it came to light that he had misled the vice-president, Mike Pence, about phone conversations with the Russian ambassador about sanctions in December. The resignation came after a flow of intelligence leaks revealed that he had secretly discussed sanctions with the ambassador, Sergey Kislyak, and then tried to cover up the conversations.
On Friday Spicer insisted that Flynn had had “impeccable credentials” for the post and dismissed concerns by saying that the retired general had complied with the law at all times. He said Flynn had simply asked the transition for legal advice on the matter and had been told to consult a personal attorney.
The AP’s report does not directly contradict Spicer’s remarks, or those of Pence, who has said he was unaware of Flynn’s foreign agent work until this week. But it suggests that some key Trump administration officials were aware before Flynn’s appointment that it was likely he would be registering as a foreign agent.
According to the AP, one of the people told of Flynn’s lobbying work for Turkey was Don McGahn, Trump’s campaign lawyer who served in the transition and later became White House counsel.
Trump has long rhetorically opposed lobbying, particularly for foreign governments, a staple of his pledge to “drain the swamp”. Thus, the disclosure that one of his top national security aides was actively working on behalf of a foreign government was particularly embarrassing for the White House. Pence said the news was “an affirmation of the president’s decision to ask General Flynn to resign”.
On Wednesday, it was revealed that from September to November last year, while he was working as a top adviser to Trump’s presidential campaign, Flynn was lobbying for a firm linked to the Turkish government, earning $530,000. He and his company Flynn Intel Group Inc filed retroactive documents with the Department of Justice only this week to register as a foreign agent.
Under the Foreign Agent Registration Act, US citizens who lobby on behalf of foreign governments or political entities must disclose their work to the justice department. Willfully failing to register is a felony, though the justice department rarely files criminal charges in such cases.
The renewed controversy over Flynn came as the administration is stepping up its efforts to lobby on behalf of the American Health Care Act (AHCA), which is intended to fulfill Trump’s campaign promise to repeal Barack Obama’s signature healthcare legislation and replace it with “something terrific”.
The AHCA would eliminate Obamacare’s individual mandate, which requires Americans to have health insurance or pay a fine and roll back the expansion of Medicaid which was a key aspect of Obamacare over a three-year-period. Instead, it would institute refundable tax credits which could be used by individuals to pay for their own health insurance.
Trump met with four House committee chairs at the White House on Friday to discuss the AHCA’s progress. Earlier in the week, the bill advanced through two congressional committees on party-line votes.
The president claimed to reporters that Obamacare was designed to fail once Obama left office. “’17 would be a disaster for Obamacare, that’s the year it was meant to explode, because Obama won’t be here,” said the president.
However, Trump still faces major challenges wooing recalcitrant conservatives about the legislation. Many Republican detractors in both chambers of Congress see the legislation as not going far enough to repeal Obamacare and have particular concerns that the bill does not promptly roll back the expansion of Medicaid. Spicer seemed to feed this concern by describing Trump as “working with Congress to begin replacing the worst parts of Obamacare and replacing it with AHCA” rather than totally repealing it.
Trump is scheduled to have several of these conservative lawmakers over to the White House next Tuesday for bowling as part of his efforts to whip votes on the legislation.






ARTICLE
In Baltimore, familiar faces stood at a podium, presenting a familiar slogan. In a stab at increased relevance, the slogan had acquired a hashtag: #FightingforAll. In the age of Donald Trump, House Democrats were seeking to frame their core message.
“We believe in an economy that works for everyone, not just the privileged few,” said Nancy Pelosi, the House minority leader. She paused, perhaps thinking to have caught herself repeating a platitude of the kind expected from those who work in Washington.
“It sounds like a cliche, but it is a fact,” she said, with a shrug.
This is a moment of reckoning for Democrats, who were in Baltimore for an annual retreat to discuss strategy and vision. They had expected to start the year working with President Hillary Clinton and a Senate majority. Instead, for the first time in a decade, they were without control of the White House or either chamber of Congress.
They must therefore defy President Trump with limited tools, while seeking to recapture the working-class voters who helped keep Clinton out of the White House. It will not be easy. The three-day Baltimore retreat exposed discord within the ranks, but largely the same leadership espoused trite slogans that long predated Trump. It was clear that senior Democrats see little if any cause for major change.
“We are not irrelevant at all,” Steny Hoyer of Maryland, the No2 Democrat in the House, told reporters on Wednesday. “This conference is a misnomer,” he added, referring to the use of the word “retreat”. “No one in America ought to think this party is in retreat. This party is energized.”
California representative Linda Sanchez, one of the newer leadership members, said the conference – whose official title was Fighting for all Americans – was “aptly named”. She had but one suggestion, quipping the slogan ought to be: “Kicking a little ass for the working class.”
The moment was emblematic of how the party sees its defeat in 2016. They won the popular vote, Democrats say. It’s not a question of message, but of communication.
Pelosi compared the failure to connect with working-class voters to a marriage in which a husband sends his wife flowers every month. “He thinks he’s communicating and you don’t,” she said. “It doesn’t matter that he thinks he is.”
In a political landscape often shaped by the tweets of a twitchy-fingered president, the Democrats must find a message that resonates.
“Donald Trump is a master marketer and that is what we are up against,” Cheri Bustos, an Illinois representative who co-chairs the House Democrats’ messaging committee, told the Guardian.
“We have been drowned out by this overly simplistic message that Donald Trump delivered very effectively for over a year and a half, which was ‘make America great again’.”
That message resounded in the election, in which the president won a razor-thin victory thanks to working-class white voters in so-called Rust Belt states: Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania. In such states, formerly home to heavy industry, many counties won by Barack Obama swung in favor of Trump.
In a phone interview, Jon Favreau, Obama’s speechwriter from 2007 to 2013, said the Democratic message should center around exposing the president as a false prophet.
“There is a case to be made against Trump that his populism is bullshit,” Favreau said, citing the nomination of billionaires and former Goldman Sachs executives to cabinet positions, which will be the wealthiest in US history, and moves to unravel the Dodd-Frank reform in a boon to Wall Street.
“The biggest challenge is maintaining focus on one or two issues. Trump gives you 100 targets every day.
“It’s very easy for all of us to go down the rabbit hole … then you waste all your time and energy on the Trump tweet of the day, and you don’t build the message that Trump is screwing the very people he said he’d fight for.”
In Baltimore, between closed-door panel sessions, Democrats milling about the lobby of the Hyatt Regency were mindful of the constant media churn surrounding Trump. Members repeatedly emphasized to reporters the importance of the free press and its task of holding Trump accountable.
Many of their own cues on where to engage, they hoped, would arise from the public resistance that has been expressed since 20 January, when Trump took the oath of office.
Fueled by women’s marches and airports packed with protests against Trump’s travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries, they said, an opportunity had arisen to build a liberal equivalent of the Tea Party movement that swept Republicans into control of the House in 2010.
The comparison seemed apt. In 2009, Democrats recalled, they faced angry constituents opposed to Barack Obama’s healthcare law. In 2017, Republicans who have long promised to dismantle the Affordable Care Act at the first opportunity are contending with opposition from those who found coverage under it.
Last weekend, for example, Representative Tom McClintock, from California, had to be escorted by police officers as he left a town hall event. Gus Bilirakis, from Florida, was also grilled by constituents for hours. In Baltimore, Democrats saw an opening.
“As time goes on, it gets better for us,” said Richard Neal, from Massachusetts and the ranking member of the House ways and means committee. “As time goes on, more people apply for insurance. From a net benefit, all of a sudden you’re going to tell the American people you’re going to take something away.”
On the campaign trail, Trump said he would repeal the ACA “on day one” and replace it with something “terrific”. In office, he has lowered expectations, saying a replacement will be delivered “within the year and the following year”. Even congressional Republicans have modulated their ambition, from “repeal and replace” to “repair”, rather than start from scratch.
“If they had done this quickly – first day, do it while no one’s looking ― they might have gotten away with it,” said Bobby Scott, from Virginia. “Now, just too many people, including too many of their members, recognize the chaos that will be caused.”
At the Baltimore retreat, assurances that Democrats were unified were sometimes betrayed. Progressives, for example, reportedly walked out of a presentation hosted by the centrist thinktank Third Way on Wednesday evening. 
“I didn’t notice that,” Pelosi said on Thursday morning. “Members walk out for a variety of reasons – some of them relate to personal hygiene.”
Was she saying there were no divisions in the party? “Yeah, that’s what I’m saying,” Pelosi answered, through a mouthful of cookie from Vaccaro’s bakery in Baltimore’s Little Italy, where she grew up. 
Pelosi, 76, has led her party for 13 years. After November’s election, she faced her most significant challenge yet, from a younger bloc frustrated by repeated losses.
Though Pelosi was re-elected by a comfortable margin, the unusual drama surrounding the leadership contest suggested the extent of discord in the ranks. This weekend, also in Baltimore, the Democratic National Committee will hold its fourth and final regional forum, showcasing the candidates vying to lead the party’s internal organization. 
The race for DNC chair has evolved into a proxy battle between the Clinton and Sanders wings of the party. The leading candidates are Tom Perez, labor secretary under Obama and a top surrogate for Hillary Clinton in the presidential campaign, and Minnesota representative Keith Ellison, a progressive organizer who was the second member of Congress to endorse Bernie Sanders in the primary.
In Congress, meanwhile, the Democrats lack an obvious standard bearer to channel the energy of resistance to Trump into victory in the 2018 midterm elections.
Elizabeth Warren was elevated once more this week when Senate Republicans voted to silence her during a debate over the nomination as attorney general of Jeff Sessions. But one House Democrat at the Baltimore retreat questioned whether the firebrand from Massachusetts was the answer to the party’s problems.
“I would be curious to see if her appeal extends to the midwestern counties we just lost,” said the member, who requested anonymity to speak more freely. “We can’t keep focusing on winning reliably liberal areas.”
Marcia Fudge, a representative from Ohio, one of Trump’s key wins, warned that her party risked drawing the wrong conclusions by crediting his victory solely to an economic message.
“What Donald Trump did was address [voters] at a very different level, an emotional level, a racial level, a fear level, an anger level,” Fudge, a recent chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, said at a roundtable with reporters on Thursday. “Just dog-whistle politics is what it was.”
But even Democrats from the country’s most liberal enclaves concluded that the party had lost its way with blue-collar voters, and not just in post-industrial areas.
“The next Democratic nominee has to be someone who has gutted a deer,” Brad Sherman, a representative whose district includes Los Angeles, told the Guardian.
“Or someone who at least shows respect for rural values.”



ARTICLE
Rex Tillerson has defended his decision to block American reporters from his first major mission to Asia, saying: “I’m not a big media press access person. I personally don’t need it.”
Although newsrooms have for decades paid the state department for airplane seats when the top diplomat travels, the secretary of state only allowed one reporter to join him on a trip to Japan, South Korea and China.
In an interview with the reporter from the conservative Independent Journal Review, a website partly owned by a top adviser to Vice-President Mike Pence, Tillerson insisted the decision was made first for cost reasons and second for his preference to work “behind closed doors”.
“We’re not hiding from any coverage of what we’re doing,” he said, arguing that major outlets often have foreign bureaus. “They have people there. So it’s not like they can’t cover what’s happening there. The only thing that’s missing is the chance to talk more in the air.”
Tillerson said he did not “have this appetite or hunger” to speak with reporters about US diplomatic missions. 
“We have some very, very complex strategic issues to make our way through with important countries around the world,” he said, “and we’re not going to get through them by just messaging through the media. We get through them in face-to-face meetings behind closed doors.”
However, the absence of regular reporting from Tillerson’s trip has created confusion on his current visit with South Korean officials. In the interview, Tillerson accused Korean officials of trying to save face by misstating what had happened.
On Friday, the Korea Herald cited government officials to report that Tillerson had “shortened diplomatic consultations and public events in Seoul” because he was feeling “fatigue”. 
The Herald report said Tillerson did not attend a dinner with South Korea’s interim president, but did have dinner meetings with Japanese officials during his trip there.
Without regular US reporters around Tillerson to confirm or correct that report, it circulated widely until Tillerson personally rebutted the claims.
“They never invited us for dinner, then at the last minute they realized that optically it wasn’t playing very well in public for them, so they put out a statement that we didn’t have dinner because I was tired,” Tillerson said.
The IJR reporter asked: “Are you saying they lied about it?”
“No, it was just their explanation,” Tillerson said. “I had dinner last night.”
Tillerson did not answer a subsequent question about with whom he had dinner. 
“The host country decides whether we are going to do things or not,” he said. “We didn’t decide that.”
The secretary of state said he understood that the press helps him “communicate not just to the American people, but to others in the world that are listening”. But he cited his decades of experience with oil giant ExxonMobil as evidence that he did not need to use a bully pulpit to push American objectives at home and abroad.
“I’ve been very successful diplomatically for over 25 years,” he said. “Done some really tough deals around the world with some really difficult governments. I’ve been successful because I was always able to respect their integrity and respect the fact that they have a population they have to take care of.
“And the less I said about what we were trying to do in public, the easier it was for them to manage the outcome, and in the end we could be successful.”
Tillerson’s position that the US speak less about the domestic affairs of “difficult” governments appears to fit with the Trump administration’s subdued attitude toward human rights abuses. 
Earlier this month, Tillerson disconcerted advocates when he declined to present the state department’s annual report on human rights. Donald Trump has refused to condemn Vladimir Putin over Russia’s violent crackdowns on dissent and the press.
The secretary of state said future permission for the press to travel would be “trip dependent”, and that he wanted to speak with the press only after “we have our thinking formulated well enough”.
“To talk about them before they are formulated isn’t useful to anyone, most importantly the people we are trying to get things done with,” he said. He would prefer to tell the public about developments “after they’ve happened”, he said.
Although the Trump administration has repeatedly attacked the press, sometimes barring reporters, it has made exemptions for some conservative outlets, even when those outlets traffic in racist or false information. 
Last week a reporter for the Independent Journal Review quit in protest over a post that seemed to allege a conspiracy between Barack Obama’s vacation to Hawaii and the decision by a federal judge there against Trump’s second travel ban. 
The site later added a note saying editors had “removed unnecessary speculation”, before eventually retracting the entire story.



ARTICLE
Senior Trump aide Kellyanne Conway has said her defence of “alternative facts” was a mistake that she has not been allowed to “brush off”.
In an interview scheduled to be broadcast on CBS Sunday Morning, the senior White House adviser compared her remark, which she said was a conflation of “alternative information and additional facts”, to the error last weekend that saw the Oscar for best picture given to La La Land instead of Moonlight.
 Her experience under fire from the media, she said, had taught her women must have “bile in your throat” if they are to run for office or be involved in national politics.
Conway has been at the centre of several successive news storms since Donald Trump’s inauguration on 20 January. First, she said in a TV interview that when Trump press secretary Sean Spicer repeated falsehoods about inauguration crowds and protests across the country, he was presenting “alternative facts”.
Conway was later criticised for repeated references in interviews to “the Bowling Green massacre”, a supposed terrorist attack in Kentucky that did not occur. 
Then Conway gave an on-camera recommendation of products sold by the president’s daughter, Ivanka Trump, which the Office of Government Ethics said breached rules and which led to a White House rebuke.
Asked by interviewer Norah O’Donnell about the now infamous “alternative facts” episode, which many critics seized upon to illustrate the Trump White House’s facility with dishonest or misleading statements , Conway said she had simply spoken in error. 
“Well,” she said, “it was alternative information and additional facts. And that got conflated. But, you know, respectfully, Norah, I see mistakes on TV every single day and people just brush them off. Everybody thinks it’s just so funny that the wrong … movie was, you know, heralded as the winner of the Oscars.”
Asked whether she would consider a run for office herself, she said: “It’s not just the fire in your belly anymore. You have to have the bile in your throat. And this is why I think many women do not run for office. Many good men and women who would.”
O’Donnell interjected: “Bile in your throat?”
“Yeah,” Conway said, “just to swallow so much, that the country looks at you through this negative lens, you know corruption and cronyism and ‘You’re lying’ and ‘You want money and you’re motivated by power.’”
CBS also said the interview, which was filmed at Conway’s home in New Jersey, included comments from George Conway, her husband, who has been touted as a pick for solicitor general.
Conway also discussed the “triple standard” she was held to as a conservative woman, CBS said. 
In an appearance last week at the CPAC conservative conference in Maryland, Conway said in remarks critical of the Women’s March and other protest movements it was “difficult to call myself a feminist in the classic sense, because it seems to be very anti-male and it certainly is very pro-abortion in this context and I’m neither”.
She added: “One thing that’s been a little bit disappointing and revealing and that I hope will get better is it turns out that a lot of women just have a problem with women in power.”
A political pollster by profession, Conway joined Donald Trump’s campaign for the presidency in August, as his third person to oversee his campaign after the departures of Corey Lewandowski and Paul Manafort. She previously worked for the Texas senator Ted Cruz, the runner-up in the Republican primary.
Conway was widely credited with imposing a measure of discipline on the erratic campaign, leading some observers to christen her as “the Trump whisperer”. She was also credited with finessing Trump’s message to white suburban women and for demonstrating an ability to navigate political interviews.
 If anything would make her leave the White House, Conway told CBS, it would be her four children.
“They’re having the hardest time with this,” she said. “They’re great kids, but they’re really the worst ages for a mom to be … away from them, 12, 12, eight and seven. And 24/7 secret service protection is tough for them. It’s tough for them to think about when I’m away from them and why does she have that. 
“This is all new for us,” she added. “This is not something I sought. I’m not a famous person on TV.”
Conway said her children were “ struggling because it’s just different to not have a mom there as much as they’re used to even though I’ve always worked. This is an entirely different level.”
Conway said she was monitoring what her children saw about her online. Trailing the interview, O’Donnell said she asked Conway whether she thought Saturday Night Live, which has lampooned the adviser and her feuds with the press, had gone too far in its depictions of her. The network did not say how Conway answered.




ARTICLE
As congressional Republicans prepare to gather in Philadelphia for their annual retreat, they are dealing with an irritation that has become familiar over the past year and a half: Donald Trump.
Although the first days of the Trump administration have been marked by a significant number of policy wins for the GOP, ranging from moves to revive the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines to new limitations on government funding for abortion and the initial steps towards repealing Obamacare, none of those topics have dominated headlines since his inauguration on Friday. 
Instead, the new president has continued to indulge the penchant for controversial and often demonstrably untrue statements that marked his time on the campaign trail. 
Trump spent the aftermath of his inauguration litigating the size of the crowds that came to see him take office in front of the memorial wall at the CIA. The president has since told congressional leaders that there was massive voter fraud in the 2016 election, with between 3 million and 5 million people casting illegal ballots, a claim unsupported by evidence. After being drafted in to harangue the press with a series of falsehoods over the inauguration’s crowd size, Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, reiterated the president’s fraudulent claims at the White House press briefing on Tuesday, telling reporters the president “does believe that. He has stated that before. I think he stated his concerns of voter fraud and people voting illegally during the campaign and he continues to maintain that belief based on studies and evidence that people have presented him.”
The statements brought endless irritation to Republicans on Capitol Hill on Tuesday, who were hoping to focus on policy after an election driven and dominated by Trump’s off-the-cuff remarks. Some, such as Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky, blamed the media for the attention that Trump’s statements had gotten. “There’s a lot in the media that are sort of stuck on it. The media would be better served to look at some forward-thinking things we needed to do with Obamacare and tax reform,” said the libertarian former presidential rival of Trump.
When asked for his thoughts on Trump’s voter fraud claims, Senator Bob Corker, chair of the Senate foreign relations committee, said: “He has a whole swathe of people I saw that were sworn in as his advisers at the White House the other day, and that’s their job.”
Corker, a longtime Trump supporter who was considered as a possible candidate both for vice-president and secretary of state, said that the comments had “no effect” on his job. Instead, he suggested it was good for the media and “great for all of you selling newspapers and having television ratings”.
Senator John McCain of Arizona, the GOP’s 2008 presidential nominee, became exasperated when asked about Trump’s remarks. “Long ago I gave up talking about what the president talks about, my concern is what he does and I’m pleased he’s got a national security team, many of whom I have known for many years … that’s my priority, I cannot respond to his statements which I don’t have any knowledge of.”
Perhaps the most typical response came from Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina who, when asked about Trump’s comments on voter fraud, said: “I don’t think about it because it’s not that important to me.” When asked by reporters if he knew of any evidence of voter fraud, Scott simply gave a shrug. 
Democrats responded by trying to put the onus on their Republican colleagues for not condemning their party’s leader. “When these falsehoods are told, our Republican colleagues have an obligation to reject them, not to skirt around them,” said the Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer, on Tuesday. However, 18 months after Trump first announced his presidential candidacy, Republicans are well practiced at evading questions about his controversial remarks. But they will dog the retreat. 
And, as much as Republicans would like to tout policy priorities such as tax reform and repealing Obamacare, let alone a historic visit from the British prime minister, Theresa May, who is speaking at the retreat on Thursday, it is likely that Trump’s penchant for drawing attention, both positive and negative, will continue to loom over the event.



ARTICLE
The US Senate on Monday confirmed Steven Mnuchin as Donald Trump’s treasury secretary, elevating a former Goldman Sachs banker to one of the administration’s highest roles in shaping economic policy.
Mnuchin was approved on a mostly party-line vote of 53-47 with Joe Manchin, a senator facing re-election in 2018 in conservative West Virginia, acting as the lone Democrat to vote in Mnuchin’s favor. The vote capped off yet another contentious debate in the Senate over Trump’s fledgling administration, as Democrats cried foul over Mnuchin’s ties to Wall Street.
Mnuchin, who served as Trump’s campaign finance chairman, was accused by Democrats of overseeing a “foreclosure machine” while at the helm of OneWest bank from 2009 to 2015. 
Senator Sherrod Brown, an Ohio Democrat who sits on the banking, housing and urban affairs committee, said Wall Street had received a signal that “now there’s no sheriff in town”.
“You can get away with anything with Steve Mnuchin as secretary of the treasury,” Brown said on the Senate floor just ahead of the chamber’s vote. 
Trump’s choice of Mnuchin stood at odds with his rhetoric on the campaign trail, where he repeatedly decried Hillary Clinton for giving paid speeches to Wall Street while vowing to lift up working-class Americans. 
Mnuchin, whose net worth is estimated at $400m will join the wealthiest cabinet in US history.
Republicans defended Mnuchin’s résumé, highlighting his experience in the financial sector as an asset for the job. 
Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell said Mnuchin “is smart, he’s capable, and he’s got impressive private-sector experience”.
Mnuchin will soon be in charge of reforming the tax code, a top priority for Republicans, as well as imposing economic sanctions on foreign governments and individuals, including Russia. 
During his Senate confirmation hearing, Mnuchin was aggressively grilled over his tenure at the California-based OneWest bank. 
In 2009, Mnuchin assembled a group of investors to buy the failed IndyMac bank, whose collapse the year before was the second biggest bank failure of the financial crisis. He renamed it OneWest and turned it around, selling it for a handsome profit in 2014. 
OneWest foreclosed on more than 36,000 homeowners in the state and 24,000 additional households around the country, according to housing advocacy groups. Mnuchin pushed back during his confirmation hearing on charges that he had seized on the financial crisis, even though he and his partners sold OneWest in 2015 for a profit of roughly $1.5bn.
Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, a Democrat from Rhode Island, said, “I simply cannot forgive somebody who took a look at that banking crisis and took a look at the pain that Wall Street had sent in a wave across all of America, and thought, ‘Ah, there’s a great new way to make money, foreclosing on people.”’ 
Congressman Maxine Waters of California, the top Democrat on the House financial services committee, called Mnuchin “the foreclosure king”.
Democrats also complained that Mnuchin failed to disclose nearly $100m in assets on forms he filed with the Senate finance committee. 
In his testimony before the committee, Mnuchin defended his actions while heading OneWest. He said he had worked hard during the financial crisis to assist homeowners with refinancing so that they could remain in their homes. 
He told the committee that his bank had extended more than 100,000 loan modifications to borrowers. 
Mnuchin called his failure to disclose assets an oversight. After meeting with committee staff Mnuchin amended his disclosure forms and also disclosed his position as director of Dune Capital International in the Cayman Islands, a well-known offshore tax haven. 
When pressed by Democrats to explain the omissions, Mnuchin said: “I did not use a Cayman Island entity in any way to avoid taxes for myself. There was no benefit to me.”
The Senate also voted unanimously on Monday to confirm David Shulkin to serve as the secretary of Veterans Affairs. Shulkin, the VA undersecretary for health since July 2015, was the only Obama appointee to remain among Trump’s cabinet nominees. 
The physician was also among the only Trump picks who did not meet opposition from Democrats, who focused their attention Monday on Mnuchin.
Dick Durbin, the No 2 Democrat in the Senate, said Mnuchin’s confirmation had sent a loud and clear message that “the banks are going to have the best friend they can have in the treasury department”.



ARTICLE
Looming above Washington as Congress and the White House attempt to avert a funding shutdown in only five days’ time, Donald Trump’s central campaign promise to build a wall on the Mexican border threatens to bring the US government to a halt this week in a national display of dysfunction.
On Sunday, even White House officials expressed uncertainty about whether the president would sign a funding bill that did not include money for a wall, which Trump has promised since the first day of his presidential campaign. 
“We don’t know yet,” said the White House budget director, Mick Mulvaney, on Fox News Sunday. “We are asking for our priorities.”
The president himself waded into the negotiations on Sunday, holding out two sticks and no carrot. “ObamaCare is in serious trouble,” he tweeted. “The Dems need big money to keep it going – otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.”
“The Democrats don’t want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members,” he continued, suggesting he would accuse Democrats of being soft on international crime.
But Trump also retreated from a related pledge to the American people: that he would “make Mexico pay” for the wall, which is estimated to cost billions.
“Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall,” the president tweeted, without offering a plan or timeline.
Without a deal, funding for the government will run out at midnight on 28 April, Trump’s 100th day in office. The secretary of homeland security, John Kelly, told CNN’s State of the Union on Sunday he suspected the president would push for the wall. 
“He’ll do the right thing, for sure, but I suspect he’ll be insistent about the funding,” Kelly said. 
The attorney general, Jeff Sessions, one of the most aggressive anti-immigrant voices in Trump’s administration, also declined to describe the president’s priorities.
“He’ll make those decisions,” Sessions told ABC’s This Week. “I’m not engaged in the budget negotiations.” The attorney general admitted that Mexico would probably not cooperate with the demand to pay, and suggested that trade measures against Mexico could “create the revenue”.
Although the GOP controls Congress and the White House, Republicans from border states and districts have resisted the wall as an expensive measure with limited benefits. Democrats have vociferously opposed it, calling it foolhardy and ineffective. Kelly has said a physical wall alone “will not do the job”. According to an internal department report acquired by Reuters, the wall will cost about $21bn.
The White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, suggested Republicans might be able to obtain some of that money under the cover of general funds for border security.
“It’ll be enough for us to move forward through the end of September for us to get going on the wall,” he told NBC’s Meet the Press. 
All three administration officials said they hoped the government would not grind to a halt, potentially costing the US billions and stopping health, safety and veterans benefits. Sessions said he “can’t imagine” Democrats would refuse funding over what he called “a down payment on a wall that can end the lawlessness”.
Mulvaney, meanwhile, attempted to broker some peace, saying Republicans would be willing to continue healthcare payments into the Affordable Care Act, should the Democrats grant more border funding. 
“I don’t think anybody’s trying to get to a shutdown,” he said. “A shutdown is not a desired end, it’s not a tool, it’s not something we want to have.”
Trump’s threats did not appear to faze Democratic leaders, who watched last month as Republicans failed to make a deal within their own party on repealing and replacing Barack Obama’s healthcare reform.
“It’s a political stunt, an obsession for the president that should not shut down our government,” said Senator Dick Durbin, a senior Democrat in the Senate, in an interview with CNN. “Don’t put any poison pills into this process. Let’s just do our responsible, important work of funding this government.”
A shutdown over the proposed wall “would be the height of irresponsibility”, Durbin said.
Republicans in Congress also made clear they did not want to risk an embarrassing and costly shutdown in a fight over the wall. Representative Mark Sanford, whom Trump threatened over the failed healthcare deal last month, told CNN the wall was not worth a shutdown. Senator Marco Rubio told CBS’s Face the Nation that a shutdown could have “very destabilizing” ripples around the world.
“We cannot shut down the government right now,” Rubio said, noting rising tensions with North Korea and US military entanglements in the Middle East. “The last thing we can afford is to send a message to the world that the United States government, by the way, is only partially functioning.”
Trump has abruptly reneged on several campaign promises, including to stay out of the Syrian civil war and to declare China a currency manipulator, but none were so central to his candidacy as his anti-immigrant proposals – aggressive deportations, a travel ban and a wall – two of which he has attempted. 
With or without funding, Trump plans to spend the night after the deadline in Pennsylvania, where he will face supporters at a campaign-style rally much like the dozens he held last year, in which he led chants of “build that wall”.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s press conference on Thursday was billed as the announcement of the latest member of his administration, but it turned into one of the most compelling political spectacles in recent years as the US president attacked his critics and defended his record.
He veered from topic to topic, demanding to know whether questions would be friendly and describing media reports about his links to Russia as both fake and the result of leaks. Here are the highlights.
After one of the numerous attempts by reporters to get Trump to answer questions over his ties with Russia, the president – unprompted – brought up the possibility he could order an attack on a Russian spy ship in international waters off the US coast. But to do so, he said, would not be good for relations with Moscow.
“The greatest thing I could do is shoot that ship that’s 30 miles offshore right out of the water. Everyone in this country’s going to say ‘oh, it’s so great’. That’s not great. That’s not great. I would love to be able to get along with Russia.”
Trump defended his former national security adviser’s actions and said he thought Flynn had done nothing wrong. “I don’t think he did anything wrong. If anything, he did something right … But he didn’t tell the vice-president of the United States the facts. And then he didn’t remember. And that just wasn’t acceptable to me.”
At times Trump veered between somewhat contradictory positions. He said the leaks to the media that led to Flynn’s resignation were “real”, but the articles reporting them amounted to “fake news”.
Trump told one reporter: “Well the leaks are real. You’re the one that wrote about them and reported them, I mean the leaks are real. You know what they said, you saw it and the leaks are absolutely real. The news is fake because so much of the news is fake.”
One of the themes Trump returned to again and again was what he called dishonesty in the media. Taking one example, he said the director of national intelligence had directly contradicted a Wall Street Journal article that reported security sources as saying some information was being kept from Trump to avoid it being leaked. Trump claimed no one had asked him for comment before publication. His office was quoted on the paper’s front page.
He also confirmed the veracity of other stories, which he simultaneously denounced.
Trump also repeatedly made more general claims of fakery by news organisations, without backing them up with any specific complaints or facts. “I won with news conferences and probably speeches. I certainly didn’t win by people listening to you people. That’s for sure,” he told the reporters.
“Tomorrow, they will say, ‘Donald Trump rants and raves at the press’. I’m not ranting and raving. I’m just telling you. You know, you’re dishonest people. But I’m not ranting and raving. I love this. I’m having a good time doing it.
“But tomorrow, the headlines are going to be ‘Donald Trump rants and raves’. I’m not ranting and raving.”
The US president attacked CNN in particular, claiming its on-air panels are “almost exclusive anti-Trump”. He said: “I watch CNN, it’s so much anger and hatred and just the hatred … The public gets it, you know. Look, when I go to rallies, they turn around, they start screaming at CNN. They want to throw their placards at CNN.”
When the BBC’s Jon Sopel got up to ask a question and identified himself, Trump – with a heavy hint of sarcasm – said: “Here’s another beauty.”
“That’s a good line. Impartial, free and fair,” Sopel replied. 
“Yeah. Sure. Just like CNN right?” Trump shot back.
Later, Sopel tweeted: “My bosses have approved a new business card for me: Jon Sopel, Another Beauty, North America Editor.”
Trump sought to shift the blame over the blocking of his executive order on immigration. It was not, he insisted, the result of it being badly prepared by him and his staff, but of a poor judgment by the two separate courts that found against him.
“Let me tell you about the travel ban. We had a very smooth rollout of the travel ban. But we had a bad court. Got a bad decision. We had a court that’s been overturned. Again, may be wrong. But I think it’s 80% of the time, a lot.” Trump did not cite any evidence for that claim. Fact-checkers Snopes have found it to be false.
“We had a court that gave us what I consider to be, with great respect, a very bad decision. Very bad for the safety and security of our country. The rollout was perfect.”
Continuing his theme on the tone of the reporters, Trump accused a Jewish reporter of asking him a difficult question about recent instances of antisemitism in America, when, Trump claimed, he had promised to ask a “simple, easy” one.
He angrily told the reporter to “sit down”, adding: “Number one, I am the least antisemitic person you’ve ever seen in your entire life. Number two, racism, the least racist person.”
When the journalist tried to interject, Trump shouted over him: “Quiet, quiet, quiet. See, he lied that he was going to get up and ask a straight, simple question, so, you know, welcome to the world of the media.” Later, he insisted that antisemitic acts that have been reported were actually the work of anti-Trump activists. Again, he offered no evidence.
Later, he asked April Ryan – a black journalist with American Urban Radio Networks – if she was friends with the Congressional Black Caucus. She had asked him if he would meet with the CBC. After asking for clarification on who the group was, Trump told her: “Well, I would. I tell you what, do you want to set up the meeting? Do you want to set up the meeting?”
“No, no, no, I’m just a reporter,” Ryan replied, before Trump pressed on: “Are they friends of yours?” Finally, he told her: “I would love to meet with the Black Caucus. I think it’s great, the Congressional Black Caucus, I think it’s great.”
Trump was picked up for inaccurately claiming to have scored the “biggest electoral college win since Ronald Reagan” at last year’s election. Told by one reporter that he had done nothing of the sort (in fact George HW Bush, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama all won more electoral college votes), Trump said: “I’m skipping that information, I don’t know, I was just given … we had a very, very big margin.”
Pressed on why Americans should trust him when he gave them false information, he responded: “Well, I don’t know, I was given that information. I was given – I actually, I’ve seen that information around. But it was a very substantial victory, do you agree with that?”



ARTICLE
Republican leaders have introduced sweeping changes to their contentious plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act (ACA) in an attempt to sway wary conservatives and moderates. But a coalition of House hardliners said they were not persuaded.
The House Republican leadership is racing to shore up support for the proposed healthcare overhaul before a planned vote on Thursday. Donald Trump will meet with Republicans on Capitol Hill on Tuesday morning to rally party members.
The revision to the bill, known as the American Health Care Act, is intended to placate conservatives with changes to Medicaid as well as the moderates who are concerned the original proposal would hurt older patients.
A week ago an analysis by the Congressional Budget Office forecast that 24 million people would lose their healthcare coverage by 2026 under the original plan. It also found that premiums would rise in the short term but then drop lower than they would if the ACA remained in place over the next decade. However, under the Republican proposal, older and low-income Americans would face significant increases in cost.
The amendment is the result of two weeks of aggressive negotiations between administration officials, the Republican leadership and a bloc of conservative lawmakers. It included numerous meetings at the White House, on Capitol Hill and a weekend summit at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago estate. 
The House speaker, Paul Ryan, said in a statement on Monday night: “With this amendment we accelerate tax relief, give states additional options to spend healthcare dollars how they choose, strengthen what were already substantial pro-life protections and ensure there are necessary resources to help older Americans and the disabled.” 
Key changes to the bill include allowing states to impose work requirements on Medicaid recipients; granting a lump sum of federal Medicaid funding to states to do with as they wish; and immediately prohibiting any additional states from expanding the Medicaid program. The initial proposal allowed states to expand Medicaid until January 2020.
The revision also hastens the repeal of ACA tax provisions – such as increases on higher earners and the medical industry, among others – from 2018 to 2017, a win for conservatives who want to see them removed as quickly possible. 
Another change would provide additional tax credits to help older Americans, who would see dramatic increases in their premiums under the current proposal, but are letting the Senate draft the language for the provision. 
The proposal also included a provision that applied only to New York – an attempt to lure the comparatively moderate GOP delegation from the Empire State. The measure would shift Medicaid costs from individual counties to state taxpayers in an effort to help the constituencies of several Republicans from upstate New York.
Even before the amendments were formally posted, the hard-right House Freedom Caucus said the changes still did not do enough to repeal the current healthcare law, known informally as Obamacare. North Carolina representative Mark Meadows, the caucus chairman, said he had been told that the negotiations were finished and the amendments offered on Monday would be the last.
“I’m confident that we still have enough concerns that a vote of 216 votes in the House would not happen today,” Meadows told reporters after a Monday evening caucus meeting, referring to the minimum number of votes the bill will need to pass the House. 
Senators Ted Cruz of Texas, Mike Lee of Utah, and Rand Paul of Kentucky, joined the Freedom Caucus meeting on Monday to rally members in opposition to the bill. 
Meadows said he surveyed his members on Monday night, and though he wouldn’t give the tally, said it was fair to assume there were more than the 22 votes needed to block its passage. 
“There are core things within this bill as it currently stands that would violate some of the principles of the Freedom Caucus,” he said. 
Asked if his roughly three dozen members were prepared to vote the bill down during a House vote, Meadows said he was hopeful that “cooler heads will prevail” and the party would arrive at a solution that appeases both moderates and conservatives. 
Still, the group has opted against taking a formal position on the legislation, allowing House leadership and White House officials to pressure individual members of the caucus to support the bill. Earlier on Monday, Meadows conceded that this was already happening. 
“They’re already whipping with a whip that’s about 10 feet long and five feet wide,” he told reporters. 
Leaving the meeting, Alabama representative Mo Brooks, a conservative member of the Freedom Caucus, said he didn’t see how the bill could pass unless Republican leaders managed to bring Democrats on board. 
“I believe this is a really bad bill for the United States of America,” he said. “And I think we’re going to kill it.” 



ARTICLE
Republicans’ attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act passed another major hurdle on Thursday afternoon after it was approved on a party-line vote by the House energy and commerce committee.
The committee’s backing for the bill followed an early morning vote by the House ways and means committee, the other congressional committee currently reviewing the draft legislation.
The American Health Care Act has been the subject of bipartisan controversy since it was unveiled by the House speaker, Paul Ryan, on Monday. Democrats have universally opposed the effort to repeal the healthcare law, often called Obamacare, while many conservative Republicans object that the draft legislation doesn’t do enough to dismantle it. 
One prominent Republican critic, Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas, tweeted on Thursday morning: “House health-care bill can’t pass Senate w/o major changes. To my friends in House: pause, start over. Get it right, don’t get it fast.”
Democrats also objected to the pace at which the AHCA was pushed through the committee process. In particular, they were upset that the Congressional Budget Office had not yet delivered its verdict on the costs of the scheme and its effects on insurance coverage. The CBO’s “score”, the best estimate of winners and losers from the proposed legislation, is expected on Monday.
However, Donald Trump and Ryan, the most senior Republican in Congress, have focused far more on recalcitrant Republicans than on any efforts to woo Democrats. Trump held a meeting on Wednesday with conservative activists opposed to the healthcare bill in an attempt to win them. The president will also have members of the Freedom Caucus, the conservative bloc among House Republicans, over to the White House for bowling next week in an attempt to persuade them.
Trump will also be holding events throughout the country to sell the legislation, including a rally scheduled for next week in Nashville, Tennessee. “Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!” he tweeted on Thursday.
Meanwhile, Ryan held a televised news conference where he spent 25 minutes laying out his argument for the AHCA via a PowerPoint presentation. The House speaker said that many of the imperfections in the draft legislation were because of the tight focus of the reconciliation rule, a Senate procedure to avoid filibusters on legislation that deals exclusively with the budget.
The Wisconsin Republican insisted that much of the concern on the right stemmed from fellow conservatives not understanding that “this reconciliation rule is pretty tight”. He also warned Republicans opposed to the AHCA: “This is the closest we’ve been to repealing and replacing Obamacare and the closest we will get.”
Conservative critics were unconvinced. Congressman Justin Amash of Michigan tweeted shortly after the press conference: “‘Binary choice’ fallacy is a tool partisans on both sides use to quash policy debate and avoid difficult job of persuading and legislating.” 
However, Republican supporters of AHCA are using other tools besides PowerPoint. The American Action Network, a conservative group connected with House leadership, will begin running television ads pushing 30 conservative skeptics of the bill to support it.
The bill would eliminate the current healthcare law’s individual mandate, which requires Americans to have health insurance or pay a fine; cut the number of people insured under Medicaid; and allow insurance companies to charge the elderly up to five times more than the young. It would require insurers to cover so-called pre-existing conditions but would allow them to add a 30% surcharge to premiums if people go without insurance for too long.
Obamacare was the former president’s signature domestic policy achievement and enabled 20 million previously uninsured people to obtain health coverage, about half from an expansion of Medicaid that the new bill would end. It established subsidized state marketplaces for health insurance, which have struggled with rising monthly fees, set out what coverage insurers must offer, and barred insurance companies from excluding the sick from coverage. 
Republicans consider it an example of huge government overreach and have spent seven years vowing to overturn it. 
The two party-line votes in committee are not the last obstacles before the AHCA can reach the House floor. It still has to be considered by the House budget committee and the terms of debate before the full chamber still need to be determined by the House rules committee.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump has not yet reached a deal with conservatives rebelling against the plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act, as eleventh-hour negotiations continue with the White House confident there will be enough support of the legislation to pass the bill on Thursday.
The president invited members of the Freedom Caucus, a coalition of hard-right conservatives who are opposed to the plan on ideological grounds, to the White House for another round of negotiating on Thursday morning. After the meeting, the caucus chairman said there was “no deal” – yet. 
“There are not enough votes as of 1.30 today,” North Carolina congressman Mark Meadows, chairman of the House Freedom Caucus, told reporters after the meeting with the president. He added: “I’m hoping to get to a yes before 7 o’clock tonight.”
The Freedom Caucus members believe the bill doesn’t go far enough in undoing the ACA, also known as Obamacare, and lowering premiums. They want the Republican plan to strip away the ACA’s essential benefits, the 10 benefits an insurer must offer in their health plan, including maternity care, mental health services and prescription drugs.
The White House called the meeting between the president and more than 30 members of the Freedom Caucus a “positive step” toward repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act. Trump will meet with members of the moderate Tuesday Group on Thursday afternoon. 
During the daily press briefing, the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, said that he expected the House to press ahead with a vote by the end of the day. “It’s gonna pass – so that’s it.”
Barack Obama on Thursday defended his signature domestic policy achievement, the Affordable Care Act, on its seventh anniversary, as Republicans’ attempt to repeal the law which expanded healthcare for millions of Americans teetered in the balance.
“America is stronger because of the Affordable Care Act,” Obama said in a statement marking the seventh anniversary of its passage. 
Obama did not mention the Republican plan to undo the law, which introduced the greatest expansion of healthcare coverage in more than a generation, but urged lawmakers to work together to “make our healthcare system better, not worse for hardworking Americans”. It was one of his most significant interventions in US politics since he left office.
The House is poised on Thursday to vote on the Republican healthcare proposal despite widespread criticism and opposition from a coalition of hard-right conservatives who say that they have the votes to block its passage. A new Quinnipiac University poll showed that Americans disapprove of the healthcare overhaul by a margin of 56% to 17% – with support among Republicans hovering at just 41%. The same poll showed 20% felt Obamacare should be repealed in total and 50% in part.
The stakes for Trump and the House speaker, Paul Ryan, who is spearheading the bill, are high. For seven years – and over the course of three election cycles – Republicans have run in and won elections on the promise to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
Its passage is also the first major legislative test for Trump, who campaigned as the brilliant negotiator behind The Art of the Deal. On the campaign trail, crowds thrilled to Trump’s promise to repeal Obamacare “on day one” and replace it with “something terrific”. Failure to pass this law could jeopardize Trump’s broader legislative agenda, which includes tax reform and border security.
In a private meeting on Capitol Hill on Tuesday, the US president reportedly warned Republicans that there could be political backlash if they fail to uphold their promises to repeal the ACA, with Spicer saying: “I think there’s going to be a price to be paid but it’s going to be with their own voters.”
“One of the reasons I don’t want this bill to fail is because I don’t want Paul to fail,” Mike Simpson, a Republican representative from Idaho, told reporters on Wednesday. “I want him to be successful.”
The embattled plan faces opposition from across the political spectrum and has been criticized by influential conservative groups, patient advocacy organizations and almost every corner of the healthcare industry.
A group of conservative donors, led by the powerful industrialists Charles and David Koch, announced on Wednesday that it was putting together a new fund for Republican re-election races in 2018 – excluding candidates who voted for the healthcare overhaul. They oppose the bill because they feel it does not scale back enough of Obamacare.
The negotiations are also complicated by a non-partisan Congressional Budget Office report that estimated that 14 million people would lose their healthcare coverage in the first year under the Republican plan, and that insurance premiums for older Americans would rise dramatically. The forecast makes it difficult to see how Trump will keep the promise he made as president elect to create a plan that offers “insurance for everybody”. 
The Republican plan, known as the American Health Care Act, removes ACA taxes, eliminates the requirement that all Americans have insurance and dramatically restructures Medicaid, the healthcare program for low-income Americans. Instead of subsidies, the plan would offer tax credits to help people purchase health insurance. 
Eleventh-hour negotiations continued late on Wednesday night and into Thursday morning as the White House and the Republican leadership signaled an openness to changes that would placate conservative members, but almost certainly would not pass the narrowly divided Senate. 
A number of Senate Republicans have already objected to the bill, from the Kentucky libertarian Rand Paul, who has rallied with the Freedom Caucus, to the Maine moderate Susan Collins, who was rattled by the CBO’s findings that millions could lose coverage. With the party’s slim two-vote majority in the Senate, finding a plan that satisfies Republicans across the political spectrum is a difficult – if not impossible – task.
“We’re not there yet, but I’m hopefully we can get this done,” Meadows said. 
Trump reached out to Meadows and members of the Freedom Caucus directly on Wednesday, with concerns centering on the ACA’s insurance mandates, which the Republican plan carries over.
Ryan, the most senior Republican in Congress, had been reluctant to introduce these measures to the House proposal out of concern that it would violate a budget rule and trigger the 60-vote threshold to pass, at which point Democrats could block it.
“We don’t want to load up our bill in such a way that it doesn’t even get considered in the Senate, and it’s killed in the Senate,” Ryan told the conservative radio show host Hugh Hewitt on Wednesday. “Then we’ve lost our one chance with this one tool we have.”
Late on Wednesday night, that view appeared to shift when a Republican leadership source said a new understanding of the budget rule meant incorporating the Freedom Caucus’s demands might not violate the rule, allowing the bill to pass with a simple majority. 
While the changes might win conservative support, they could also drive away more moderate Republicans. 
On Wednesday night, the Pennsylvania representative Charlie Dent, the chairman of the moderate Tuesday Group who attended a White House meeting with the president on Monday, called on his party leaders to “step back from this vote and arbitrary deadline”. 
“We have an important opportunity to enact reforms that will result in real healthcare transformation – bringing down costs and improving health outcomes,” Dent said in a statement. “This legislation misses the mark.”
Dent is one of a handful of moderate Republicans to recently come out against the legislation, putting even more pressure on leadership to win over conservatives.
Congressman Frank LoBiondo, a moderate from New Jersey, announced on Wednesday that he too is against the bill. In a statement, LoBiondo said he supports overhauling Obamacare but the Republican plan is simply “not as good as or better than what we currently have”.



ARTICLE
A year after his girlfriend was shot dead on live television, Chris Hurst found himself reporting on another brutal workplace shooting. 
In August 2015, Alison Parker, a 24-year-old news reporter for WDBJ7 in Roanoke, Virginia, was killed during a routine morning segment, along with 27-year-old cameraman Adam Ward. The gunman, a disturbed former colleague, later shot himself. About 40,000 people reportedly watched the journalists’ murder live – including their shocked colleagues. Parker had been quietly dating Hurst, another reporter at the station, and they had just moved in together. 
Hurst kept working at WDBJ7 after her death, and in October 2016 he was sent to cover a very similar shooting – this time at a Roanoke rail car manufacturing company. 
A disgruntled former employee had burst into the facility and shot several workers, one fatally, before killing himself. That attack did not become a national or international news story. It was just one of the daily drumbeat of shootings in America that leave more than 10,000 people dead each year. But for Hurst, who was sent to the scene, the similarities between the two shootings devastated him. It was the day he decided that he could not continue as a television reporter, he said. 
Instead, he resigned from his television station this month and announced he is running for state office in Virginia against a Republican opponent who was endorsed by the National Rifle Association. 
The young Democrat’s gun violence prevention platform is strikingly different than the sweeping indictment of guns and the gun industry that Hillary Clinton pursued in her failed presidential bid. Hurst said he is skeptical of some of the culture war policies that Clinton and other gun control advocates have embraced, such as bans on popular military-style “assault weapons”.
While he would not say outright that he opposes assault weapons bans, he did say that “it’s not anything that I’m going to be a proponent of – it’s not something that I would bring up”.
“I think it’s difficult to ban any type of weapon without real data to demonstrate it shouldn’t be in the hands of the common resident,” he said. 
Instead, he’s more interested in policies that are narrowly targeted to keep guns out of the hands of people at moments when they are most at risk of violence. That’s the approach that researchers and mental health experts favor. 
Rather than gun bans, Hurst is interested in changing state law to keep guns away from domestic abusers during the high-risk period directly after an emergency protective order has been granted, as well as creating a “gun violence restraining order” law, which would create a process for police or family members to ask a judge for a temporary confiscation of guns from someone who seems to be heading towards violence, whether to harm themselves or someone else. 
“We have a lot of work to do to cut out the BS when it comes to gun violence prevention,” Hurst said. 
“What I care about most is trying to reduce the number of people who die with a gun, whether it’s homicide or suicide. The last thing I would want to do is to try to change someone’s culture or their way of life.” 
“A gun violence protection order – we could build a consensus around it. It would be effective. It would work.” 
Hurst bristles at the suggestion that he might be running a campaign only focused on guns. He’s interested in rural education and supporting Virginia’s strong track record in bringing in refugees, and he’s proud of his work as a journalist.
“People have seen the investigations that I’ve done that have uncovered fraud by some of our public officials, have uncovered waste in the way that our government operates. I’ve reported on everything from heroin and opioid addictions to child abuse to mental health.”
He said he had already talked to members of Congress about his campaign but said it would not be appropriate to name names.
 “Anyone who wants to call me a single-issue candidate can look at my body of work over several years. I didn’t report on a single issue, I reported on dozens of different issues.” 
At the same time, he said, “I would not be who I am right now if the person I love was not killed with a gun.” 
Parker and Hurst had started dating roughly nine months before she was murdered. They were earnest young journalists, by Hurst’s account, excited about the public service impact they could have, and eager to be useful to their communities. 
In a few years, “she would have run circles around every one of these national news outlets who are now here to cover this tragedy”, Hurst told a CNN reporter in one of the segments about Parker’s death. “She had unflinching confidence in what she wanted to do.”
Hurst said that tragedy had toughened him for the political battles ahead. Like other family members of high-profile shooting victims, Hurst said he has been targeted by conspiracy theorists who claim that he is a “crisis actor” paid by the government, and that Parker is still alive, and that she got plastic surgery and now lives in Israel.
These claims continue to come to him through email and social media platforms. Sandy Hook families have faced similar attacks.
Hurst, who moved to a new city close to Roanoke to run for the house of delegates in Virginia’s 12th district, is already facing questions of carpetbagging. But he said the move, to a city that is still minutes away from his old home town, will allow him to stay connected to the Virginia community he knows while not being constantly reminded of Parker’s death – driving past the place where her shooter lived, as well as facing constant positive memories of their life together.
Hurst said he had idly discussed careers in politics with Parker. House of Cards was on Netflix, and it was easy to talk about. “We talked about it a few times: ‘Wouldn’t it be cool if I could be a senator’s wife?’ I told her I would much rather be a senator’s husband. She would have been awesome at it.” 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump seems destined to serve his 100th day as president without House passage of a major Republican healthcare bill or enactment of a budget financing the government for the rest of this year. But at least the government probably won’t be shut down – for at least another week.
The House won’t vote on a reworked healthcare overhaul until at least next week, majority leader Kevin McCarthy told reporters late on Thursday. Party leaders made that decision after spending all day putting pressure on moderate GOP lawmakers to back a bill but fell short of the votes they would need to prevail. 
“As soon as we have the votes, we’ll vote on it,” McCarthy, a Republican from California, said after leaving a nearly two-hour meeting of the House GOP leadership. 
He ruled out votes on Friday or Saturday – which is Trump’s 100th day in the White House. That was a disappointment for the administration, whose officials had pressured House leaders all week to try completing the health measure by Saturday. 
McCarthy also said Republicans would push through the House Friday a short-term spending bill keeping the government open for at least another week. They plan to pass it with only GOP votes, if necessary. Democrats are threatening to withhold support unless there is a bipartisan deal on a massive $1tn measure funding agencies through 30 September, when the current fiscal year ends, and no final agreement has been reached. 
“We’re working on the funding of government. We’re getting that through” on Friday, McCarthy said of the temporary spending measure. 
Asked by reporters whether Republicans would have to pass the short-term bill without Democratic votes, McCarthy said, “Yeah.” 
The struggle over both bills was embarrassing to the GOP, which has Trump in the White House and majorities in Congress. Republicans would have preferred to have not been laboring to keep agencies functioning or approve a healthcare overhaul, the gold standard of GOP campaign promises for the past seven years. 
Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell said bargainers were “very close” to completing the $1tn budget package. But underscoring lingering battles over environmental and financial regulations, Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer blocked the Senate late Thursday from approving the short-term measure. 
“No poison pill riders,” he said. 
The bipartisan budget talks had progressed smoothly after the White House dropped a threat to withhold payments that help lower-income Americans pay their medical bills and Trump abandoned a demand for money for a border wall with Mexico. 
With neither party savoring a federal shutdown, it seemed likely Congress would approve the week-long stopgap measure in time to keep agencies open. 
On the separate healthcare bill, House Republican leaders are still scrounging for votes from their own rank-and-file to rescue it.
Republicans have recast it to let states escape a requirement under Barack Obama’s 2010 law that insurers charge healthy and seriously ill customers the same rates. They could also be exempted from Obama’s mandate that insurers cover a list of services like hospitalization and substance abuse treatment and from its prohibition against charging older customers more than triple their rates for younger ones. 
The overall legislation would cut the Medicaid program for the poor, eliminate Obama’s fines for people who don’t buy insurance and provide generally skimpier subsidies. 
Centrist Republicans were the primary target of lobbying by the White House and GOP leaders seeking the 216 votes they would need to clinch passage of the health measure. 
More than a dozen Republicans, mostly moderates, said they were opposing the legislation. Many others remained publicly uncommitted, putting party elders in a tough spot. If 22 Republicans defect, the bill would fail, assuming all Democrats opposed it. 
House speaker Paul Ryan wants to avoid an encore of last month’s embarrassment. He abruptly canceled a vote on a healthcare overhaul at that time because of opposition from moderates and conservatives alike. 
On Wednesday, conservatives in the House Freedom Caucus announced their support for the revised health legislation. That reversed the conservatives’ opposition to the earlier edition of the legislation.



ARTICLE
Your article (Trump supporters in the heartland fear being left behind by GOP health plan, theguardian.com, 12 March) is unfortunately very consistent with a study that I recently commissioned looking at changes in white working-class death rates in California over the past 20 years. It showed that against a backdrop of improving white death rates in California, rural California is a veritable hot zone of white working-class mortality. Forty per cent of California counties (23 counties) voted for Donald Trump. Of those 23 counties, 21 of them are experiencing pronounced increases in death rates for whites aged 40-64. In some of these counties, white death rates have increased over 50% since the late 1990s.
This crisis of white premature death is being driven by alcohol and drug-related causes and includes a surge in suicides. These are the very types of health problems that are most amenable to high-quality mental health care and drug treatment services covered by Medicaid, which was expanded to millions of Californians under the Affordable Care Act. Our theory is that rapid shifts in the economy over this period without a meaningful social compact is the underlying cause of this epidemic of white death. These folks are watching the American dream slip further and further from their grasp and they are quickly losing hope. Tragically, their vote to repeal their healthcare access will likely exacerbate their pain.Dr Anthony ItonCalifornia Endowment, Oakland, CA, USA 
• It’s reassuring to hear that Bernie Sanders is campaigning again (Journal, 11 March), but the examples given of his fightback are hardly likely to keep the light-sleeping President Trump awake at night. The usual emphasis on ever-more protests will soon meet the “too many marches” law of diminishing returns, as will I fear the hopes that his young supporters will still feel “the Bern” when the election is five years away rather than being imminent. His call for the Democrats to have a progressive platform geared more to the fears of steelworkers and less to the priorities of the liberal elites won’t on its own see off an increasingly authoritarian Trump. To do that it will need to include policies to cope with potential Democratic voters’ concerns about future immigration and to propose concrete steps to protect American jobs from imports.
This will require the Democrats to consider a progressive form of protectionism that will benefit all countries. Its core aim should be the nurturing and rebuilding of local economies not just in the US but worldwide. To adequately protect domestic jobs will need a permanent reduction in the level of international trade in goods, money and services and the prioritising of the ability of nation states to control the level of migration that their citizens desire. Without such an approach, Sanders could make more likely the ghastly prospect of an eight-year-long Trump reign.Colin HinesEast Twickenham, Middlesex
• Trumps “Muslim ban 2” is planned to come into effect on Thursday 16 March. The ban, with very limited alterations, is just a repeat of the executive order that led to a global wave of protests. Islamophobia is at the heart of Trump’s agenda. The suspension of refugee programmes and the targeting of Muslim countries show just how far he is prepared to go to play divide and rule. We refuse to stay silent as Muslim communities are targeted and call on all those who oppose the ban to join us on the streets on Saturday 18 March as part of the global protests marking UN anti-racism day.Dr Shazad Amin Mend, Abra Javid Rotherham 12 Campaign, Rashid Majid Khan Solicitors, Amal Azzudin Human rights activist, Tanzil Chowdhury Northern Police Monitoring Project, Nahella Ashraf Stand Up To Racism, Dr Amel Alghrani University of Liverpool, Dr Waqas Tufail Leeds Beckett University, Saleem Ahmed Bury Unison Black Members Officer, Maz Saleem Daughter of Mohammed Saleem, Sabia Kamali TV Presenter and Director of Sisters Forum, Vakas Hussain Barrister, Zlakha Ahmed Founder and manager of Apna Haq, Murad Qureshi Chair of Stop The War
• Rebecca Nicholson (Harry Potter and the Election of Horrors, G2, 14 March) tells an important story about the responses of Harry Potter fans to Trump’s election. She should certainly add to her account the case of the Harry Potter Alliance, the organisation of Rowling fans committed to acting out the values of non-discrimination and inclusiveness. But in just saying that each generation may have its effective “fictions”, she misses out the most important feature of this: that it is contemporary fantasy more than anything that is providing the means to this around the world.
It began with the Lord of the Rings films, which were accompanied for many by a picture of George W Bush wearing a gold ring with the slogan “Frodo has failed”. Then came Avatar, and the adoption of the Na’avis’ blue skin by environmental protestors. The Hunger Games provided anti-military protesters with the three-fingered salute of defiance. And of course Occupy borrowed heavily from V for Vendetta for its symbolism. But perhaps most interesting is the adoption by a number of anti-Trump protestors of the slogan “Winter is coming” from Game of Thrones. The difference being that on the face of it Game of Thrones is exceptional in being so dark and pessimistic. Yet it seems that it is helping people to feel hope within adversity. We are currently exploring this with our ongoing project, developed by 40 researchers in 12 countries. I hope some of your readers will be interested to visit, and perhaps contribute their views, at www.questeros.org.Martin BarkerEmeritus professor, Aberystwyth University
• Join the debate – email guardian.letters@theguardian.com
• Read more Guardian letters – click here to visit gu.com/letters



ARTICLE
Since taking office on 20 January, Donald Trump has signed dozens of executive orders – aiming to fulfil a campaign pledge to undo what he called his predecessor’s “unconstitutional” acts and take unilateral action on the economy and immigration.
From the desk of the Oval Office to the podium at rallies filled with throngs of supporters, Trump has hailed his executive actions as “big stuff” and “very, very important”. The flick of his pen is promoted by the White House a major “win” and a promise kept to voters.
“TRUMP TAKES ACTIONS TO GET WASHINGTON OUT OF THE WAY,” blared the subject line of one email blast touting a rollback federal regulations. 
But an analysis of Trump’s executive actions as he nears the 100th day of his presidency on Saturday – which thus far includes 25 executive orders, 24 memorandums and 20 proclamations – show that Trump’s actions are more cosmetic than they are substantive.
Many of the actions establish big goals, but few provide legislative prescriptions. They order agency reviews and studies, ask for recommendations or tinker at the margins of existing law. 
“A lot of it is for show,” said Cristina Rodríguez, a law professor at Yale University who covers constitutional and administrative law.
“Those orders don’t mean anything right now, necessarily, but it really depends in many cases on what the agencies come back with and whether the administration goes forward with and actually implements the recommendations,” she added. “Often the reviews result in a lot of paperwork.”
In many ways, Rodríguez said, Trump’s use of executive authority to break ground on his platform is hardly unusual. But the pomp and pageantry is uniquely “Trumpian”.
One such instructive moment arrived last Monday, when Trump visited Snap-on Tools in Kenosha, Wisconsin, to unveil his so-called “Buy American and Hire American” executive order with trademark showmanship. 
At the rally, Trump promised to take a “sledgehammer” to what he said were job-killing regulations as he signed an executive order that would tighten rules around foreign worker programs. Flanked by factory workers, Trump raised the signed order for all to see as the crowd showered him with applause. 
At first glance, the move appeared to enact a critical portion of the populist agenda that resonated with the blue-collar workers who propelled him to victory. But for all the fanfare, there was little in the order that paved the way for substantive changes. 
The action directed federal agencies to “assess” the enforcement of existing guidelines that prioritize the use of American firms and goods and to then “submit findings” within 150 days. It similarly asked a group of relevant cabinet secretaries to “as soon as practicable, suggest reforms” on eliminating fraud and abuse of the H-1B program that awards visas to highly skilled foreign workers. 
In essence, the action amounted to a self-assessment by government agencies and a request by relevant cabinet officials to look for ways to re-examine and consolidate existing rules. 
The theme was set in motion on Trump’s very first day in office, when he issued an executive order before the cameras that was billed as a major step toward dismantling Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law.
But far from making good on his campaign vow to repeal Obamacare on “day one”, the action called on the Department of Health and Human Services and federal agencies to weaken healthcare requirements “to the maximum extent permitted by law”. It provided no additional powers or authority, however, to the federal government to follow through on its mandate.
A subsequent effort by Trump and Republicans in Congress to repeal and replace the healthcare law was thwarted by members of their own party. A second attempt is already facing the same obstacles.
“This president does not have a single legislative achievement to promote right now,” said Mark Rozell, the dean of the Schar school of policy and government at George Mason University and author of Executive Privilege.
“Therefore, to show that he’s getting things done he’s showcasing his executive actions.”
A series of orders pertaining to financial regulations have also served as statements of intent, more so than concrete action.
During a visit to the treasury department on Friday, Trump signed what he declared to be an “unprecedented action” by his administration to ease rules on American companies. 
“We’ve lifted one terrible regulation after another at a record clip from the energy sector to the auto sector,” he said. “We’re now in the process of rebuilding America, and there’s a new optimism sweeping our country that people have not seen in decades.”
Based on briefings provided by the White House, the latest executive actions seek yet another review of Obama-era rules that sought to better regulate Wall Street and tax avoidance by US companies. 
If anything, Trump’s stated priorities would contradict his insistence that he would “stand up for the little guy”. While they won’t yet have any tangible effect, if Trump were to eventually follow through and actually rescind Obama’s regulations he would open up the door for banks and the private sector to potentially engage once more in the same practices that led to the financial collapse of 2007-08.
Some of Trump’s executive actions, however, have had far-reaching and immediate effects. 
On 23 January, Trump withdrew the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership brokered by Barack Obama. While the landmark 12-nation trade agreement was already regarded as dead on Capitol Hill, foreign allies such as Japan were dismayed to see the new inhabitant of the White House formally place the final nail in the coffin.
Days later, Trump issued arguably his most consequential executive order to bar refugees and immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the US. That action, which also attempted to temporarily suspend the entire US refugee program, prompted chaos at airports nationwide and was subsequently blocked by courts despite an effort by the Trump administration to implement a revised version.
The Department of Homeland Security has additionally pursued stricter guidance that advocacy groups have decried as an immigration crackdown. The sweeping guidelines, revealed in February, put in motion the prospect of widespread deportations and closed the borders to migrants fleeing violence in Central America.
The American Civil Liberties Union and other groups have submitted Freedom of Information Act requests to learn more about enhanced enforcement activity by the DHS and US Customs and Border Protection. Anecdotal reports have indicated enhanced interrogation at the border and in some cases the seizure of electronic devices and questioning about religious or political beliefs.
“The bluster itself isn’t inconsequential,” said Michael Macleod-Ball, the chief of staff for the ACLU’s Washington Legislative Office, who wondered how individual border agents might be altering their behavior based on the Trump administration’s declarations of “extreme vetting” and “keeping the bad guys out”.
“A government is supposed to act in an impartial manner, but when you have this kind of encouragement from the commander-in-chief, don’t you think that’s going to have some impact on the border agent?”
Trump has also taken initial steps to undermine Obama’s climate legacy, for example the gutting of a rule in February that had been designed to protect American waterways from pollution. 
As of now, Trump has signed more executive actions in the same period than his recent predecessors. 
If he keeps up his current pace, Trump is on track to sign 96 executive orders by the end of the year, according to the American Presidency Project – far more than George Washington, who signed just eight, but far fewer than Franklin D Roosevelt, who signed a staggering 3,721 orders as he imposed his sweeping New Deal program in response to the Great Depression. 
Republicans, including Trump, routinely denounced Obama for what they claimed was unprecedented unilateral action and often honed their campaign messages around ending Obama’s “overreach”of the executive branch. But Obama signed the fewest executive orders per year, 35 on average, since Grover Cleveland in the 1890s. 
In total, Obama signed 277 executive orders during his two-term presidency, lower than the tally of his two immediate predecessors. George W Bush signed 291 executive orders over eight years, while Bill Clinton finished his two-term presidency with 364 such actions.
Experts warn that the statistics alone don’t necessarily measure how a president is exerting power. 
“It’s not the numbers that matter,” said Ken Mayer, a political science professor at the University of Wisconsin-Madison and author of With the Stroke of a Pen: Executive Orders and Presidential Power. 
“It’s the content and the substance of the orders and few of the unilaterally implemented orders change policy.”
Mayer nonetheless echoed other presidential observers on Trump’s penchant for exaggerating his actual accomplishments.
“This is a president who likes the idea of using the power of the office to drive stakes in the ground on his agenda,” Mayer said.
“But he is discovering, as presidents before him have discovered, that checks and balances are a very real thing.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump appears set on a collision course with federal judges, vowing to fight them to the end after a district court in Hawaii issued the second block in as many months on his proposed travel ban on visitors from Muslim-majority countries.
The dramatic clashes between Trump and the judiciary came just hours before the president’s revised executive order was due to come into effect at midnight. Had it stood, the travel ban would have put a complete stop to arrivals of refugees from anywhere in the world as well as newcomers from six predominantly Muslim countries.
But in a ruling that echoed the restraining order issued by a Washington state judge just a month ago, Judge Derrick Watson of the federal district court in Honolulu delivered another stinging blow to the Trump administration’s contentious ambitions. Watson imposed a nationwide temporary stay on the travel ban after finding grounds for a violation of the establishment clause of the US constitution that prohibits discrimination against any religion.
As a result of the Hawaii action, the midnight deadline for the implementation of the travel ban came and went without any visible impact at US airports.
Early on Thursday, a district judge in a similar case in Maryland also issued a nationwide preliminary injunction against the ban. The ruling is not as sweeping as the Hawaii order, and only applies to visa applicants from the six Muslim-majority countries.
Though the ports remained calm, the foundations have been laid for what promises to be an epic legal struggle.
Firing the first salvos in that battle, a livid Trump accused the Hawaii judge of committing “unprecedented judicial overreach”. At a campaign-style rally in Nashville, Tennessee, on Wednesday night, just a couple of hours after the ruling came down, he told supporters that he remained defiant.
“We’re going to fight this terrible rule, we’re going to take this case as far as it will go, including the supreme court. We’re going to win,” he said.
In an echo of his attack on the judge who struck down the first travel ban, Trump sarcastically suggested that Watson might have acted for political reasons and also floated the idea of breaking up the California-based ninth circuit court of appeals – a provocative remark given that the same circuit is likely to adjudicate any appeal to the Hawaii ruling. 
As he spoke, the president potentially dug himself deeper into a legal hole. Trump told the Nashville crowd that the revised travel ban was merely “a watered-down version of the order that was blocked by another judge and should never have been blocked to start with”. He even suggested that he might “go back to the first one and go all the way”, indicating that he was minded to revert to the original executive order in a way that could further intensify the conflict with the courts.
The Nashville remarks could play into the hands of the teams of human rights lawyers who are lining up to oppose the travel ban. As such, the comments could be turned against him to provide further evidence that the president remains attached to the idea of a “Muslim ban” – a promise that he made repeatedly during the 2016 presidential campaign and which a succession of federal courts have now found to be in breach of the US constitution.
Watson leaned heavily on the subject of intent in issuing his ruling. He referenced inflammatory statements made by Trump throughout the presidential race that singled out Muslims and the Islamic faith as a broad national security threat.
The judge also referred to comments by close associates of the president’s after he had entered the White House. A day after the first executive order was issued, Watson noted, the former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani told a television show that “When [Mr. Trump] first announced it, he said, ‘Muslim ban.’ He called me up. He said, ‘Put a commission together. Show me the right way to do it legally.’”
The judge described these remarks as “significant and unrebutted evidence of religious animus” driving both the first and second order.
Senior administration officials are now gearing up to appeal the Hawaii decision, the start of a process that could end at the door of the US supreme court. The Department of Justice said late on Wednesday that it “strongly disagrees” with the ruling, calling it “flawed both in reasoning and in scope”, and said that it would “continue to defend this executive order in the courts.”
Opponents of the ban are also preparing themselves for what promises to be a bitter fight. Doug Chin, the attorney general of Hawaii who brought the legal challenge on behalf of the state, said the court decision showed that “whenever you have hostility towards a particular religion or nation of origin that’s certainly going to be something that is improper and a violation of the constitution”. He added that the confrontation between Trump and the courts showed “the strength of the American system of checks and balances”.
The American Civil Liberties Union, which has been involved in much of the litigation against the ban, said it was prepared for a long court battle should it go that way. The ACLU’s Lee Gelernt commended the Hawaii judge for recognizing that “the revised order, like the first, continues to discriminate on the basis of religion and would have a real impact on thousands of people fleeing bad situations in their home countries”.
Nihad Awad, the executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations responded to news of the Hawaii opinion with relief. “Time and time again we are proving that America is a nation of laws and that we have an independent judiciary to tell Donald Trump that he cannot play with the US constitution. We are reassured by these rulings that discrimination will not be tolerated no matter where it comes from, not even the president of the United States.”
The ruling was also greeted with delight by groups working with tens of thousands of refugees around the world who would have been caught by the travel ban had it been allowed to go ahead. Hans van de Weerd of the International Rescue Committee, which has one of the largest resettlement programs in the US, hailed the decision as a “victory for refugees, immigrants and visitors who would be directly affected by this travel ban, many of whom would have been heartlessly separated from family members.”
Amnesty International commended Judge Watson for focusing his ruling on Trump’s past comments on blocking Muslims from entering the country. “The public has not been fooled by this executive order and neither have the courts,” said Naureen Shah, the national security and human rights director of Amnesty’s US branch.
“You cannot describe bigotry in some other way and expect people to believe you are no longer discriminating when you have been so blatant about it all along.”



ARTICLE
A South Carolina candidate for US Congress, who has been criticized for using the 2015 killings of nine black church members in a campaign advert, has said the removal of a Confederate monument in the state should be matched by the removal of a memorial to African American slaves.
Sheri Few, who is running for South Carolina’s fifth congressional district, was condemned by the pastor of the Emanuel AME church last week for a “completely distasteful” advertisement in which she criticized “weak politicians” for removing the Confederate flag from South Carolina’s statehouse in 2015, while wielding a semi-automatic rifle.
Few has made the flag’s removal, and the preservation of Confederate memorabilia, a central part of her campaign. On Monday she told the Guardian she stood by her controversial ad, and said if elected she would focus on “fighting the destruction of every bit of Confederate memorabilia in our country”.
Few’s comments came as New Orleans began to remove four Confederate monuments in the city. A number of statues celebrating the Confederacy have been removed across the country in recent years, and some streets named after Confederate generals have been renamed.
The South Carolina house voted to remove the Confederate flag from the grounds of the statehouse following the murder of nine church members in June 2015. The flag had originally flown on the dome of the statehouse, but was moved to the grounds in 2001 as part of a compromise that saw the installation of a monument to African American slaves.
“So that issue had supposedly already been settled,” Few said.
“So then there’s this huge monument to African Americans that is still on the statehouse grounds. 
“And, you know, why hasn’t anyone called for the removal of that? Because that was a part of the compromise. So that doesn’t seem fair, does it?”
A monument to the Confederacy still stands in the statehouse grounds. There has been no suggestion that monument will be removed, but Few said the removal of similar structures elsewhere put it under threat. She said if it were to be removed then the African American memorial should also be ditched.
“If they insist on removing the memorial itself, then, yes, it would be appropriate to remove the other one as well,” she said.
The most recent poll in the fifth district, conducted in February, showed Few in third place, behind the state representatives Tommy Pope and Ralph Norman. Both Pope and Norman voted in favor of removing the Confederate flag in 2015, and the two representatives were the focus of Few’s ire in her controversial campaign ad.
“Weak politicians are too quick to blame a horrible tragedy on a flag, or a gun, or even free speech,” Few said in the ad.
She told the Guardian Pope and Norman’s vote represented “a kneejerk, politically correct decision in response to the horrible shooting in Charleston”.
In response, the Rev Eric Manning, the pastor of Emanuel AME, told the local television station Live 5 News that “the events of a racist committing murder is something … should never be utilized to advance someone’s political career”.
The fifth district congressional seat became available after the incumbent Mick Mulvaney was chosen as the director of the Office of Management and Budget in the Trump administration. 
The Republican primary is on 2 May and the election will be held on 20 June. Closely fought special elections in Kansas and Georgia have followed other appointments to Trump’s cabinet, but recent history points to a Republican win in South Carolina. The fifth district was held by a Democrat for 128 years, until Mulvaney won the seat in 2010. He retained the seat by 20 points in 2016.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s political strategist Steve Bannon has lost his place on the national security council in a staff shakeup, documents show.
A presidential memorandum dated 4 April took Bannon, the former Breitbart News executive and chief White House link to the nationalist rightwing, off the country’s main body for foreign policy and national security decision-making. It also restores the traditional roles of the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff and the director of national intelligence to the NSC. 
While the revamp is likely to be seen as a victory for Trump’s second national security adviser, army lieutenant general HR McMaster, the substantive impact of the shakeup remains to be seen. A parallel security structure in the Eisenhower executive office building, known as the Strategic Initiatives Group, reports to Bannon, whose close relationship with Trump suggests continued influence in this administration. 
While the White House on Wednesday pushed back against the perception that Bannon had been demoted, McMaster’s camp described Bannon’s removal and the restoration of joint chiefs chairman Gen Joseph Dunford and intelligence chief Dan Coats to the council as a key objective for the national security adviser. 
“Huge,” said one McMaster ally who requested anonymity. “That’s a big deal.” 
The ally said the move showed McMaster establishing his influence with the president. McMaster was neither part of Trump’s election team nor even his second choice to run the NSC. 
The McMaster ally described Bannon’s removal as a “priority” for senior advisers “both in and out of the West Wing”, including defense secretary James Mattis. 
Bannon’s presence on the council, which considers itself above partisan politics, was considered troubling to those aligned with McMaster.
In addition, McMaster “absolutely” wanted Dunford and Coats clearly positioned as permanent members of the NSC, a step that the memorandum restored.
The memorandum placed McMaster in a dominant position over the Homeland Security Council, giving him the power to determine the agenda for both bodies. It also empowers homeland security chief Tom Bossert and economic policy chief Gary Cohn to prepare Trump for key decisions requiring presidential action “at the sole discretion of the national security adviser”.
An army lieutenant general, whose status as an active duty officer made it difficult for him to turn down his commander-in-chief, McMaster took the NSC job on 20 February after Trump fired Michael Flynn for lying to the vice-president about Flynn’s contacts with the Russian ambassador to Washington. Trump’s next choice for national security adviser, retired vice-admiral Robert Harward, then declined the position. 
Questions have since loomed over the influence that McMaster wields. A foreign-policy traditionalist close to Mattis, McMaster has slowly installed similarly minded people, such as Fiona Hill of the Brookings Institution for the Russia portfolio and Lisa Curtis of the Heritage Foundation for the South Asia director.
Flynn’s influence remains visible, as evidenced by the ongoing controversy concerning surveillance leaks. A key figure in the accusations of inappropriate disclosures of intercepted communications made by House intelligence committee chief Devin Nunes is Ezra Cohen-Watnick, a Flynn aide who holds the intelligence portfolio on the NSC.
Additionally, the memorandum specifies that Bannon rival Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff, along with counsel Don McGahn and budget director Mick Mulvaney are “invited as attendees to any NSC meeting”. So is Jon Eisenberg, the deputy counsel to Trump for national security, another person who reportedly helped provide Nunes with ammunition for his accusations. 
The importance of the NSC is also likely to grow by default. Neither Mattis nor secretary of state Rex Tillerson have most of their deputies, undersecretaries and assistant secretaries in place, meaning that critical policymaking work on global crisis – from Syria to North Korea – will be in the hands of the NSC staffers ostensibly tasked with coordinating policy on those fields. 
But much of White House decision-making relies on proximity to Trump, which Bannon will retain. Trump has made his son-in-law, adviser Jared Kushner, a point person on initiatives ranging from Middle East peace to Mexico to criminal justice overhauls. Dunford recently brought Kushner on a trip to Iraq in what Pentagon officials have described as a concerted effort to cultivate the true power centers in the Trump administration.



ARTICLE
An awkward question has begun to nag opponents of Donald Trump’s immigration policies: is the resistance inadvertently helping the administration?
Few say it publicly but there is concern that the rallies and marches, alerts and tweets, workshops and press releases are helping the administration sow fear among undocumented immigrants.
The spectre of deportation so haunts communities across the United States that some people are afraid to report crimes and others have reportedly decided to return to Mexico and Central America before they get swept up. 
Yet the perception of ramped-up deportations is, for now, false. 
Removals have not spiked since Trump’s inauguration, according to figures Immigration and Customs Enforcement (Ice) supplied to the Guardian: 35,604 removals in January and February, versus 35,255 over the same period last year.
Mexico’s foreign minister said last month that under Trump there had been no rise in the number of deported Mexicans, and that numbers had in fact slightly fallen. Carlos García de Alba, Mexico’s consul general in Los Angeles, told the Guardian that up to 27 March 193 Mexicans had been arrested in LA county since Trump’s inauguration, with roughly 50 deported – “much less than the average with President Obama”.
Yet consulates and immigration attorneys report a surge in people seeking information about Ice raids, real and imagined, and advice about what to do if detained and deported.
This reflects a White House strategy to rattle the 11 million-strong undocumented population, said Lizbeth Mateo, a prominent undocumented LA-based activist. “It is enforcement through attrition – instilling so much fear that people leave on their own.” 
Many immigrant rights groups play into the strategy by hyping the risk of deportation, a message then echoed by media, she said. “Some media is really helping further Trump’s agenda.”
Roberto Suro, a journalism and Latino affairs scholar at the University of Southern California, said the White House may struggle to match Barack Obama’s record-breaking deportation levels but that tough rhetoric and scattered high-profile Ice operations were generating energetic immigrant activism and news coverage. 
“Fear is a natural consequence. People appear to be changing their behavior. There’s talk of folks at least thinking about going home. That obviously would suit Trump’s purposes.”
Activists face a dilemma. 
On one hand, they feel they must sound the alarm. During the election Trump vowed to banish all 11 million undocumented people. In office he drastically broadened enforcement guidelines and vowed to swiftly deport 2 million to 3 million people. 
Anecdotal evidence – such as the detention of Dreamers, a father driving his daughter to school and a mother in Phoenix – suggest more aggressive Ice tactics. And in a statement an Ice spokeswoman, Sarah Rodriguez, said operations were targeted and lead-driven but that the net had widened. “We do not engage in indiscriminate sweeps or raids. However, as [homeland security] secretary Kelly has made clear, with very limited exceptions, Ice will no longer exempt classes or categories of removable aliens from potential enforcement. Any alien encountered during the course of targeted enforcement actions is subject to removal.”
But in sounding the alarm activists spread fear, thus serving the president’s agenda – a quandary that “almost requires a degree in postmodern French philosophy”, said Chris Newman, legal director of the National Day Laborer Organizing Network. The administration sought to make citizens afraid of immigrants and immigrants afraid of government. “They’re playing the media like a symphony.”
Even so, said Newman, there was only one option: resist. “Our overall view is when in doubt, fight back, even if it means amplifying Trump’s message.”
For Mateo, the activist, some fellow activists and media outlets, especially Spanish-language broadcasters, do a disservice by telling people to brace for the worst, as if deportation were something to prepare for rather than resist. “It’s very disempowering.”
From the opposite end of the spectrum Rodriguez, the Ice spokeswoman, lamented hype and false rumours. “They create panic and put communities and law enforcement personnel in unnecessary danger. Those who are falsely reporting such activities are doing a disservice to those they claim to support.”
In the current political climate there was no easy balance between informing and frightening people, said Doris Meissner, who headed the Immigration and Naturalization Service under Bill Clinton and now works at the Migration Policy Institute. “It’s a real dilemma.”
It could be a year before Ice ramps up deportations but the broadened deportation categories meant more people were already at risk, she said. “It’s not unreasonable to be fearful. But the likelihood of being in the wrong place at the wrong time does appear to be quite low.”
Janine Jackson, program director of Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting (Fair), said the journalists needed to report fear without fuelling it. “You don’t need to cover every deportation. The media should be wary of carrying water for the White House. Reporters should write about the fact that Trump is trying to drive this fear and anxiety.”
Others think activists, and the media, have a straightforward task: blow the whistle, hard, because Hurricane Trump is gathering force.
“I actually think the media’s coverage has been good in letting undocumented people know the gravity of the situation. Because those deportations are coming, and are actually already happening,” said Gustavo Arellano, editor of OC Weekly and author of the syndicated column ¡Ask a Mexican!
Lucas Zucker, of Cause, an immigrant rights group on California’s coast, said people urgently needed to know what to do if Ice came knocking. “The Trump administration is absolutely gearing up to do mass deportations so it is important in this calm before the storm for our community to know their rights.”



ARTICLE
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Wednesday that he had let down the US president but gave no hint he would quit over his false claim that Adolf Hitler “didn’t even sink to using chemical weapons” against his own people.
The press secretary drew criticism from Israel and Germany, and demands from Democrats that he should be fired, after comparing the atrocities of Syrian president Bashar al-Assad unfavourably with those of Hitler, who gassed millions of Jews at extermination camps during the Holocaust.
“I made a mistake,” a contrite Spicer said during an onstage interview at the Newseum in Washington. “There’s no other way to say it. I’d gotten into a topic that I shouldn’t have and I screwed up. I hope people understand that we all make mistakes.
“I hope I showed I understand that I did that, and I saw people’s forgiveness because I screwed up, and I hope each person can understand that part of existing is understanding when you do something wrong, if you own up to it, you do it, you let people know, and I did.”
Spicer’s misstep at Tuesday’s White House press briefing came during the Jewish festival of Passover. He issued a number of apologies in a series of awkward emails and uncomfortable TV interviews.
“It’s a very holy week for the Jewish people and the Christian people and to make a gaffe and a mistake like this is inexcusable and reprehensible and so, of all weeks, this compounds that kind of mistake,” he said during a symposium discussing the relationship between the president and the press.
“It really is painful to myself to know that I something did like that because that obviously was not my intention, and to know when you screw up you’ve possibly offended a lot of people, and so I would ask obviously for folks’ forgiveness, to understand that I should not have tried to make a comparison.
“There’s no comparing atrocities and it is a very solemn time for so many folks that’s part of that, so that’s obviously a very difficult thing personally to deal with, because you know a lot of people that don’t know you wonder why you would do that.”
Spicer said his comments were also upsetting because Donald Trump had “an unbelievabl y successful couple of weeks” and it was his task to amplify that message of accomplishment. “I think I’ve let the president down and so on both a personal level and a professional level that will definitely go down as not a very good day in my history.”
The spokesman defected questions from interviewer Greta Van Susteren about whether Trump or his aides has talked to him about the controversy. “This was my mistake, my bad, that I needed to fix, so I’m not going to get into any additional conversations that I may or may not have had. This was mine to own, mine to apologise for and mine to ask forgiveness for.”
Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic minority leader in the House, has demanded that Spicer be fired over his remarks, while the activist group MoveOn.org started an online petition demanding his immediate resignation or removal. But Spicer, much lampooned by Saturday Night Live and other comedians, insisted he was still enjoying the role. “I love it,” he said. “I truly do believe it’s an honour to have this job. It is a privilege and if you don’t believe it’s so, you shouldn’t be here.”
International criticism has been mounting. The Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial centre in Israel expressed “deep concern regarding the inaccurate and insensitive use of terms related to the Holocaust by the White House press secretary”. German chancellor Angela Merkel’s spokesman Steffen Seibert said: “Any comparison of current situations with the crimes of National Socialism leads to nothing good.”
Even Trump’s ambassador to the UN, Nikki Haley, told CNN: “It’s unfortunate, and we should never have comparisons with Hitler, ever. That was a terrible time in history and it’s just not something people want to hear about or think about or think there’s another comparison to it.”
At the Newseum event in Washington, CNN correspondent Jim Acosta said he was unsurprised by the incident. “I can understand why yesterday happened,” he told the audience. “The level of exhaustion he must be feeling right now with this president who is unyielding.”
Spicer, in relatively subdued form, defended the decision by Trump and his team to boycott this year’s White House Correspondents Association dinner. “I think the relationship and the coverage that we’ve gotten, I don’t think that we should fake it, going to a dinner where we sit around and pretend that everything’s all hunky-dory is probably not an appropriate year to be doing this,” he said.
“I think they should go have their dinner and I know they’ve put a lot of time into it and that’s great, but I don’t think that just sitting there and watching a bunch of celebrities walk by is somehow an indication of how much you care about or respect the press or the first amendment. I think they should have their dinner, but we I think have a right, in the same first amendment gives us a right, to say this is inappropriate to go and it sends the wrong signal and, if things get better, maybe we’ll attend next year, but this is not the year to do it.”
Also at the event, journalist Michael Wolff asked Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser to Trump, about the Washington Post’s front-page motto “Democracy dies in darkness.” He said: “I’m going to tell you, when they say democracy dies in darkness, you’re the darkness.”
There was applause from the audience, but Conway shrugged off the charge. “It’s what I tell small children: just because somebody says something, doesn’t make it true,” she said. “It’s a great lesson for everyone. Just because they say the darkness or democracy doesn’t make it true.”
She added: “If you’re talking about the way the president is covered, I think there is something that I call presumptive negativity. You can look at something and see it as a positive or as a negative, and for this president it’s often seen through the negative lens, which is not just unfair, it’s actually inaccurate and it really robs the larger viewership or readership or the American people of the opportunity to hear what’s really happening.”
Conway, who became notorious for her defence of “alternative facts”, took several swipes at journalists for their reporting on Trump. “Some in the media want to prove they’ve been right about him all along and you have a couple of people in the media openly questioning whether they should refer to him as ‘President Trump’. When have you ever seen that before? I just wasn’t raised that way. You respect the office of the presidency and it’s current occupant.”
Her main grievance is “incomplete coverage”, Conway added, citing the lack of attention given to attorney general Jeff Sessions’ visit to the US-Mexico border on Tuesday or other issues she said faced ordinary Americans. She claimed that Neil Gorsuch’s Senate confirmation to the supreme court last Friday will be remembered long after palace intrigue in the Trump administration is forgotten.
“I just think a lot of the right questions are not being asked. This comfort in sameness has this effect where people are afraid to go first ... If you’re all looking out of this pane of glass, you only have to tilt your head that much, 20 to 30 degrees that way, and you can still see what everyone else is seeing but you end up seeing someone through an entirely different light, literally.”
Wolff asked her about the administration and media hating each other. She replied: “I don’t really hate anyone. I have four kids; you can’t scare me ... I think these are over-generalisations and I don’t want to over-generalise the relationship with the media and the media writ large.”



ARTICLE
In Donald Trump’s joint address to Congress, his first as president, he declared a “new chapter of American greatness”, mostly staying on the script rolling across a teleprompter.



ARTICLE
 
Missouri’s Republican governor Eric Greitens made his state the 28th in the US to ban mandatory union fees and dues on Monday, delivering a big win for primarily GOP supporters who have worked for years to pass the so-called “right-to-work” measure.
 The move comes as Republicans in Congress have introduced a version of right-to-work legislation that would, for the first time, allow millions of workers to opt out of union membership. 
Seven of the eight states that surround Missouri already have such laws, including Kentucky where it passed last month. New Hampshire senators on Thursday passed a similar bill that awaits a House vote.
Greitens traveled the state Monday for ceremonial bill signings, including a stop in an abandoned warehouse in the south-west Missouri city of Springfield. He signed an official copy later Monday in the capitol. 
The governor and other backers of right to work say it will bring business to the state and give workers the choice not to pay into a union if they don’t want to join. Primarily Democratic opponents in the legislature and labor organizations say it will weaken unions and could lead to lower wages. Hundreds of union workers and other opponents on Thursday packed the House visitors’ galleries to watch as lawmakers took a final vote on the bill. 
Democrats launched criticisms of Greitens before his first public appearance Monday morning. House minority leader Gail McCann Beatty criticized Greitens for choosing to hold a bill signing ceremony in an abandoned warehouse, “far from critical questioning by the hardworking Missourians”. 
“Governor Greitens should have had the courage to sign this bill into law before employees at Boeing, Ford or one of the many other proud union shops in our state so he could explain to their faces exactly how Missouri will be better off when they have less power to negotiate for higher wages, decent benefits and safer working conditions,” she said in a statement. 
The law is to take effect 28 August. It exempts contracts in place before then until they are renewed, extended or modified. That gives unions a few months to try to rework contracts and delay the effects of right to work. 
Data is inconclusive about the effects of right to work on union membership, which has varied by state. 
Greitens’ signature isn’t necessarily the end of the right-to-work battle in Missouri.  Missouri AFL-CIO president Mike Louis has submitted several versions of a proposed initiative petition to the secretary of state’s office that would reverse a right-to-work law. If enough signatures are collected, voters could decide in 2018 whether to adopt a constitutional amendment protecting workplace contracts requiring all employees to pay fees covering the costs of union representation.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump still believes the false claim that millions of people voted illegally in last year’s presidential election, the White House confirmed on Tuesday.
While some Republicans distanced themselves from the assertion, his press secretary, Sean Spicer, stood by it during Tuesday’s press briefing but was vague on the possibility of an investigation into the supposed crime.
Asked if the president believes that millions voted illegally in the election, Spicer replied: “The president does believe that. He has stated that before. I think he stated his concerns of voter fraud and people voting illegally during the campaign and he continues to maintain that belief based on studies and evidence that people have presented him.”
On Wednesday, Trump tweeted that he intended to launch a “major investigation into voter fraud”. However, he cited improper voter registration as the focus of the investigation and did not state a desire to review the 2016 presidential election.
“I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and....,” he wrote in a first tweet, adding in a second: “even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!”
The controversy reignited on Monday night when Trump, who won in the electoral college but lost the popular vote, reiterated his view to congressional leaders that millions voted illegally, according to reports. He was criticised by Democrats and some Republicans.
But Spicer, who has the unenviable job of publicly defending Trump’s spur-of-the-moment comments and tweets, insisted: “As I said, I think the president has believed that for a while based on studies and information he has.”
Pressed further, Spicer said it was “a longstanding belief” of Trump’s. “This isn’t the first time you’ve heard this concern of his. I think there have been studies. There was one that came out in 2008 that showed 14% of people who had voted were non-citizens. There are other studies that have been presented to him. It’s a belief that he maintains.”
The press secretary appeared to be referring to a Washington Post article by the political scientists Jesse Richman and David Earnest which, drawing on the Cooperative Congressional Election Study, argued that more than 14% of non-citizens in 2008 and 2010 samples indicated that they were registered to vote.
The Washington Post’s website now prefaces the article with three rebuttals, a response from the authors defending their work, and a peer-reviewed article contending that the findings “were biased and that the authors’ data do not provide evidence of non-citizen voting in US elections”.
When pressed about whether Trump would call for an investigation into what a reporter said would be the biggest scandal in American electoral history, Spicer said: “Maybe we will.” He later added: “Anything is possible. It’s a hypothetical question.”
Asked what it meant for democracy, he was evasive and replied only: “It means I’ve answered your question.”
But some members of Trump’s own party were critical on Tuesday and urged the president to stop spreading baseless allegations. Lindsey Graham, senator for South Carolina, said: “I wasn’t there, but if the president of the United States is claiming that 3.5 million people voted illegally, that shakes confidence in our democracy – he needs to disclose why he believes that.”
Graham added: “I would urge the president to knock this off; this is the greatest democracy on Earth, we’re the leader of the free world, and people are going to start doubting you as a person if you keep making accusations against our electoral system without justification. This is going to erode his ability to govern this country if he does not stop it.”
The House speaker, Paul Ryan, also distanced himself from the comments. “I have no way of backing that up,” he said. “It doesn’t matter to me. He won the election.”
But the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, told reporters: “The notion that election fraud is a fiction is not true … It does occur, there are always arguments on both sides about how much and how frequent and all the rest, but most states have done a better job on this front.”
Colorado Republican Cory Gardner, who said this weekend that he had written in Mike Pence’s name in lieu of Trump when voting, said there was voter fraud in the US. When pressed about whether more than 3m illegal votes had been cast, the first-term senator simply said: “I haven’t seen any evidence of that.”
Other Republicans simply punted. When asked about Trump’s comments on Tuesday morning, before the Spicer press conference, the Arizona senator John McCain said: “Long ago I gave up talking about what the president talks about; my concern is what he does.”
In contrast, Democrats slammed the president’s statement. The Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer, said: “The president ought to realise he is president. Instead of talking about the election or how many people showed up at the inauguration, he ought to talk about how many jobs he created.”
Schumer went on to cast blame on elected Republican senators for not condemning these comments: “When these falsehoods are told, our Republican colleagues have an obligation to reject them, not to skirt around them. The bottom line is simple: you cannot run a government, you cannot help people, you cannot keep America safe, if you cannot admit to the facts, plain and simple.”
The Vermont senator Bernie Sanders simply said the president’s accusation of voter fraud was a “delusional statement”.
Weeks after the election, Trump insisted in a tweet that he had won the popular vote “if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally”.
Fact-checking websites and newspapers traced the claim to a two-week-old “random tweet” by a former Republican party official in Texas. Gregg Phillips claimed on 12 November to have found “more than three million votes cast by non-citizens” – but he too failed to provide evidence.
The topic was one Trump long harped on throughout the campaign with claims that the election was “rigged”.
In October, he insisted at a Wisconsin rally: “People who died 10 years ago are still voting.” Trump specifically claimed 1.8 million dead people would vote – and for “somebody else”. This appeared to be a reference to a 2012 study that found up to 1.8 million active voter registrations from deceased voters. That specific study did not provide any evidence of voter fraud or any ballots cast by the deceased. Instead, it simply illustrated that some state voter databases were out of date.
Trump had also long specifically warned of voter fraud in minority communities, specifically in Philadelphia, where Barack Obama won African American neighborhoods by overwhelming majorities in 2012. In an October rally in exurban central Pennsylvania, Trump warned the almost entirely white crowd: “Watch your polling booths, because I hear too many stories about Pennsylvania, certain areas. We can’t lose an election because – you know what I am talking about.”
There is no evidence of widespread voter fraud. Research over the last 16 years has found voter fraud to be extremely uncommon, and 2016 appeared to follow that pattern. ProPublica election monitors saw no evidence of widespread illegal voting.



ARTICLE
Senate Republicans voted on Tuesday night to silence Elizabeth Warren for reading out a letter from the widow of Martin Luther King during a debate over Senator Jeff Sessions’ nomination for attorney general, eliciting furious response from Democrats.
Speaking on the Senate floor, Warren quoted from 30-year-old correspondence from Coretta Scott King relating to Sessions’ failed judicial nomination in the 1980s. It was part of a barnstorming speech by the Massachusetts senator against Sessions’ suitability for the post and attacking his record on civil rights.
Mitch McConnell, the Republican majority leader, objected that Warren had broken Senate rules that prohibit one member impugning the conduct of another. Senators then voted 49-43 to uphold a ruling in McConnell’s favour.
Warren hit back on Twitter. She posted to her 1.74 million followers: “Tonight @SenateMajLdr silenced Mrs King’s voice on the Sen floor - & millions who are afraid & appalled by what’s happening in our country.” Others on Twitter were posting with the hashtag #LetLiz Speak.
Late on Tuesday night, she read the letter on Facebook Live, writing: “During the debate on whether to make Jeff Sessions the next Attorney General, I tried to read a letter from Coretta Scott King on the floor of the Senate. The letter, from 30 years ago, urged the Senate to reject the nomination of Jeff Sessions to a federal judgeship. The Republicans took away my right to read this letter on the floor – so I’m right outside, reading it now.” In less than an hour and a half after it was posted, the video had already received more than 2m views. 
Donna Brazile, chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee, said: “It’s a sad day in America when the words of Martin Luther King Jr’s widow are not allowed on the floor of the United States Senate. Let Elizabeth Warren speak. The American people deserve to hear how Jeff Sessions is an extremist who will be a rubber stamp for this out-of-control Trump presidency.”
Democrats also argued that Republicans were selectively enforcing the rule. They noted that Senator Ted Cruz of Texas was not formally found to have violated the rules when he accused McConnell of being a “liar” from the Senate floor.
Sessions, a senator for Alabama, is one of Donald Trump’s most contentious cabinet picks. Leading Democrats John Lewis and Cory Booker testified at his confirmation hearing, arguing that he would harm race relations in the criminal justice system.
Speaking on the Senate floor, Warren said: “He made derogatory and racist comments that should have no place in our justice system. To put Senator Sessions in charge of the Department of Justice is an insult to African Americans.”
Warren quoted a 1986 speech from the late senator Ted Kennedy, who referred to Sessions as a “throwback to a shameful era” and a “disgrace” to the Department of Justice.
She also read from a letter written by King in March 1986, expressing her opposition to Sessions as a federal district court judge for the southern district of Alabama. “Anyone who has used the power of his office as United States Attorney to intimidate and chill the free exercise of the ballot by citizens should not be elevated to our courts,” King wrote.
“Mr Sessions has used the awesome powers of his office in shabby attempt to intimidate and frighten elderly black voters. For this reprehensible conduct, he should not be rewarded with a federal judgeship.”
Martin Luther King was assassinated in 1968; Coretta Scott King died in 2006 aged 78.
Warren was first interrupted by the presiding officer, at that point Senator Steve Daines of Montana, who said she was violating Senate rules. She protested that she was merely repeating the words of King and continued. Not long after, McConnell raised his objection.
“The Senator has impugned the motives and conduct of our colleague from Alabama,” he said. “I call the Senator to order under the provisions of Rule 19.”
Under Rule 19, senators are not allowed to “directly or indirectly, by any form of words impute to another Senator or to other Senators any conduct or motive unworthy or unbecoming a Senator”.
Warren objected: “I am surprised that the words of Coretta Scott King are not suitable for debate in the United States Senate. I ask leave of the Senate to continue my remarks.”
McConnell objected to that request and the Republican-controlled Senate voted to shut down her appeals. She will not be allowed to speak from the floor until the end of Sessions’ nomination process; the vote is expected Wednesday evening.
McConnell later defended his actions. “Senator Warren was giving a lengthy speech,” he was quoted on Politico as saying. “She had appeared to violate the rule. She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted.”
 



ARTICLE
The Star-Spangled Banner is the Mount Everest of national anthems – many attempt it, but few ever hit its peak. In a school theater on the hot and dusty outskirts of El Paso, Texas, high school student Gisselle Castaneda nails the high notes to a hearty round of applause from the 100 or so locals gathered to meet their congressman, Beto O’Rourke.
These are strange days in El Paso, the pretty little border town that has acted as the bridge to Mexico for 169 years. El Paso and its Mexican neighbor, Ciudad Juarez, pretty much function as a single unit. At the end of El Paso Street, a bridge, Paso del Norte, groans with some of the 200,000-plus vehicles that cross it from Mexico each month. Another 400,000-plus walk over: they come to work, shop, go to school or visit friends and relatives, as they have done for centuries.
Now a giant, blimp-like shadow hangs over El Paso: Donald Trump. During his campaign, Trump railed against Mexican drug pushers and “rapists” and promised to build a “big, beautiful wall” to keep out the city’s southern neighbors. Since his election he has threatened to rip up the North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta), which cut barriers between Mexico, the US and Canada and which many here say has helped El Paso thrive. Now he is threatening a “border adjustment tax” on goods coming in from Mexico, a tax that he says will pay for the wall and that critics say could trigger a trade war that would hit El Paso first but then spread across the US and the world.
At O’Rourke’s town hall meeting, locals are worried. Student Ray Dominguez was born and raised in El Paso and like many here has family in Juarez. “El Paso has always been a very accepting place. Trump is dividing people. The one good thing I would say is that we are more proud of who we are,” he says.
And in this topsy turvy political climate, when a Republican president rails against free trade, the climate change-accepting, LGBT-friendly, free trade-loving O’Rourke is having a moment.
A rising Democrat star who the Washington Post recently said “looks more like a Kennedy than the Kennedys do”, O’Rourke is set to challenge the oleaginous Ted Cruz for his Senate seat in 2018. When he does, O’Rourke will be the man arguing for free trade while his Republican rival, Trump’s one-time chief critic and now frenemy, will be left defending Republican policies that O’Rourke (and many far to the right of him) argue threaten not just the economy but American safety. 
Not a brick of Trump’s monumental wall has been laid, no details of the “border adjustment tax” have been finalized and Nafta still stands, but the impact of all this anti-trade, anti-Mexican rhetoric is already being felt in the region, says O’Rourke.
On the Mexican side of the border there are organized campaigns encouraging shoppers to stay in Mexico. El Paso’s retail trade is worth $12.24bn a year, and some $980m of that comes from residents of northern Mexico. On the US side, fear is keeping some undocumented people inside and out of the local economy. “The fear is that a broken tail light, an arbitrary arrest, could land people in a deportation proceeding. So people aren’t going out to buy a bucket of chicken, a six-pack, get those diapers or whatever. There’s less cooperation with law enforcement, people just don’t feel comfortable dealing with law enforcement,” says O’Rourke.
“It’s changing the character and the safety of a community like El Paso. Before it didn’t matter what your immigration status was, whether you were born here or not you felt comfortable working with law enforcement to report a crime or abuse,” he says. “They knew law enforcement was focused on keeping us safe. Now that focus has changed and ironically it is making us less safe.”
Robert Moore, editor of the El Paso Times, agrees. The Times recently reported on the case of an undocumented woman who had sought a court order against a man she accused of abusing her. The alleged abuser told immigration and customs enforcement (Ice) that she was undocumented and when she would be appearing in court. Agents arrested her as she left the courthouse. “Trump might say that is what he wants to happen but for us, that’s deeply upsetting,” says Moore, who sits on the board of the Center Against Sexual and Family Violence and expects the case to have a chilling effect on reports of abuse.
Like many El Pasoans, Moore is prone to wax lyrical about the good old days when the border was little more than a mild inconvenience. When Moore started his career in the city, he and his colleagues would nip across the border for cheap beers and pool after work. Crossing into Mexico is still fairly quick, but coming back in a car it can take hours to drive the six short miles that divide the two cities. It’s not all Trump’s fault; border security has been on the rise since 9/11 and was considerably beefed up as Juarez was torn apart by drug-related gun violence a decade ago.
The proposed wall doesn’t seem to faze locals at all. Firstly, they argue it will be a boost to the local economy. A $20bn wall would inject $10bn into the Texas economy and create 144,000 jobs, says Tom Fullerton, economics professor at the University of Texas at El Paso. “But over the long run it won’t have much impact at all,” he says.
Locals don’t think it will have much impact on drug trade or illegal entries. Drug smugglers are already using mini cannons like the ones used to fire T-shirts into the crowds at sports events to fire their drugs over the border. What they can’t go over, they’ll go under. More tunnels will be dug.
But El Pasoans are genuinely angered by Trump’s constant attacks on their neighbors and his portrayal of a wild west border that few here recognise. “It’s deeply personal,” says Moore. “People here feel he’s not just attacking the border, he’s attacking me. Everyone in El Paso knows someone who is undocumented and the way this administration has talked about them is seen as really insulting.”
That’s not to say that many in El Paso do not sympathize with Trump’s supporters. The city was one of the first victims of globalization and profoundly impacted by Nafta, says Fullerton.
Once the jeans capital of the US and home to manufacturers including Levi Strauss and Farah – at its peak the second largest employer in the city – El Paso fell on hard times as trade barriers fell and manufacturing jobs went south of the border. But the city bounced back. The unemployment rate in El Paso was close to 12% when Nafta was signed in 1994 and it is now less than 5%. “The border region has benefitted from Nafta; so has the entire country,” says Fullerton.
Mexican trade is vital to Texas. Some $98bn in exports and imports passed through the El Paso customs district in 2015. According to the Dallas Federal Reserve, a 10% increase in manufacturing on the Mexican side of the border increases employment by 2.8% in El Paso, 2.2% in neighbouring Brownsville, 4.6% in Laredo and 6.6% in McAllen.
“People want simple solutions. They want to be told, ‘Don’t worry, we will sort it,” says Fullerton. But economics is not simple. And neither, right now, is politics.
Washington is in Easter recess and while Trump plays golf in Florida, the rightwing billionaire Koch brothers are spending millions backing ads attacking his border tax plans, arguing they amount to a consumer tax that will increase costs on everything from clothes and TVs to food and will land the average US family with a $1,700 bill. The ads are playing nationwide in states that elected a president who promised them change but who now, the Kochs argue, is threatening their livelihoods and their pocketbooks.
Attacking from the left is O’Rourke. “The five states that would be hurt by a border adjustment tax, which would essentially precipitate a trade war, are mid-western states, states like Michigan. Factory floor jobs in Detroit are inextricably connected to factory floor jobs in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico. If you break that connection with a tax or you continue to try to humiliate Mexico, you jeopardize not just jobs in Mexico and El Paso but in Michigan and across the United States.”
What was once a proposed 20% border tax may well end up being something far smaller, says Fullerton, but he still believes there is a good chance that some sort of tax is coming. “The sentiment in the country is so anti-trade that I think Congress would be reluctant to vote against a serious proposal,” he says.
In the baking-hot parking lot of the College, Career and Technology Academy O’Rourke, the left-leaning liberal Democrat, sets out the case for free trade and against new taxes. America needs to listen to Trump’s supporters. Too many have been left behind, he says. But they need retraining not tariffs. “We need not be paranoid and fearful of the future, of other countries. That’s not America. That’s not Texas.” This is a “dark time” he says. “But I am confident it is getting better.”



ARTICLE
The US Senate made a historic rules change on Thursday that will dramatically alter nominations to the supreme court. By a vote of 52-48 along party lines, Republicans voted to end the filibuster for supreme court nominations, marking a permanent change to how justices are confirmed to the country’s highest court. 
The move teed up a final confirmation vote for Neil Gorsuch on Friday and thwarted efforts by Democrats to block Donald Trump’s nominee. Friday’s vote will bring to a close a year-long feud over the supreme court vacancy left by the late Justice Antonin Scalia.
The drama began on Thursday morning when a majority of Democrats voted to block Gorsuch’s confirmation, pushing Republicans to begin the process of changing the Senate rules. As the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, announced: “This will be the first and last partisan filibuster of a supreme court nominee.”
Republicans have long threatened to invoke the so-called “nuclear option” if Democrats attempted to filibuster Gorsuch, who is Trump’s first nomination to the supreme court. Although Gorsuch, who has served on the 10th circuit court of appeals for more than 10 years, has been deemed “well-qualified” by the American Bar Association, Democrats have raised issues with some of his decisions, which they see as unduly favorable to corporate interests. 
However, their biggest objection to Gorsuch’s nomination is the Republican treatment of Judge Merrick Garland, whom Barack Obama first nominated to the supreme court in March 2016. Senate Republicans refused to even hold a hearing on Garland’s nomination, citing the fact that it was an election year. 
“We should have seen this coming last year,” Senator Chris Murphy, a Democrat from Connecticut, resignedly told reporters on Capitol Hill. 
“Republicans telegraphed through their treatment of Merrick Garland that they were willing to do anything in order to get their person on the supreme court, so this shouldn’t come as a shocker.”
The fight over Garland proved a breaking point in an increasingly partisan Senate, where Democrats had already invoked the nuclear option in 2013 for all nominations other than those for the supreme court, after Republicans refused to confirm any nominee to the DC circuit court of appeals.
In dueling speeches before the vote to end debate on Gorsuch’s nominations, Democrats and Republicans took turns blaming members of the other party for the state of affairs. 
The Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer, insisted “the responsibility for changing the rules will fall on the Republicans and Leader McConnell’s shoulders”. In contrast, McConnell pointed to Schumer’s apparent willingness a decade ago to filibuster judicial nominees of George W Bush.
“I know the Democratic leader would rather not revisit the circumstances that brought us to this moment,” McConnell said. 
The longstanding rancor sparked an awakening even among veterans and so-called Senate “institutionalists”.
Senator John McCain of Arizona, who in the past worked to broker deals to preserve the filibuster, said he would join his Republican colleagues in supporting the nuclear option.
Senator Pat Roberts, a Republican from Kansas who has served in the chamber for two decades, said he regretted that gridlock over Gorsuch had reached its tipping point, but he foresaw no other option but to change the rules and then move on.
Senator Orrin Hatch, a Utah Republican who has served in the chamber for more than 40 years, said Democrats had made a “tremendous blunder” in filibustering Gorsuch as opposed to someone who would change the ideological makeup of the court. Hatch was in 2010 a supporter of Obama’s stalled nominee, Merrick Garland, and even suggested Obama nominate him last year. 
“The next one, one way or the other, can help change the court pretty dramatically,” Hatch said, referring to the next vacancy on the Supreme Court. “If I was the Democrats, I would have concentrated on that and not blown the issue here.” 
But asked if he would have supported changing the rules in that case, Hatch replied: “Well, yeah.”
Senator Ted Cruz, a Republican of Texas who expressed a willingness to indefinitely block the supreme court nominee if Hillary Clinton won the election, chastised Democrats on Thursday for attempting to stop Gorsuch’s nomination.
“The Senate Democrats’ position of blanket obstruction to everything – cabinet nominees, legislation, procedural motions – is unprecedented in Senate history,” Cruz told reporters. “It is driven by a very distinct desire: a fear of the radical left and being primaried from the left.”
The process for invoking the nuclear option involves several steps. The first was a vote to end debate on Gorsuch’s nomination, called a cloture vote. This required a super-majority of 60 in the Senate; a filibuster is an effort to block cloture. Once that was done, McConnell made a point of order that only a majority of 51 and not a super-majority of 60 was needed for cloture.  A second cloture vote then occurred under the new rules, ending the filibuster.
Four Democrats voted for cloture on the initial vote to end debate on Gorsuch: Michael Bennet of Colorado, Joe Donnelly of Indiana, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota and Joe Manchin of West Virginia. Bennet, who represents Gorsuch’s home state, changed his cloture vote after the nuclear option was invoked. The remaining three Democrats all represent deep red states and face tough bids for re-election in 2018.
 With the procedural fight over, a final vote is expected Friday on Gorusch’s nomination.
Only one previous supreme court nominee, Abe Fortas, had been successfully filibustered. Fortas, a sitting associate justice who had been nominated to replace Earl Warren as chief justice, was blocked by the Senate over questions about his outside income and role advising President Lyndon Johnson while serving on the bench.
Democrats likened the refusal by Republicans to grant Garland even a hearing, much less a vote, to a filibuster in its own right.
Senator Jeff Merkley, a Democrat from Oregon, who held the Senate floor for more than 15 hours on Tuesday and Wednesday to protest against Gorsuch’s nomination, said Democrats had done everything within their power to try to avoid this outcome.
“The Republicans are determined to destroy the Senate and the supreme court all at once,” he said, jogging up the stairs on the way to filibuster the nomination. 
For all the acrimony over the unprecedented turn of events, even some stalwarts of the Senate conceded the spectacle was simply a fait accompli for an institution where civility and tradition have deteriorated with each passing year.
Senator Dianne Feinstein, a Democrat from California who has served for 25 years, said the bitterness over Gorsuch was “mild” when compared with the treatment of Garland by Republicans.
“They denied President [Obama] a year of his presidency,” she said. “Everybody knew that there had to have been a legacy to it.
“This is the hard part,” she added. “What goes around comes around.”



ARTICLE
Every visitor says it’s smaller than they expected. The modest James S Brady Press Briefing Room at the White House fills with about a hundred journalists, half in the fixed seats, half standing in the aisles or at the back. Each lunchtime there is an expectant murmur, like a theatre audience before curtain up. TV reporters stand at the front, each speaking directly to camera and contriving to ignore the others standing inches away.
Seconds after they sign off, in walks the star of the show: Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary. The thickset 45-year-old will often begin with a genial pleasantry – “Hope everyone had a great weekend, seriously,” he said last Monday – that belies the vituperative fusillades set to follow. Many men and women have stood at the podium but there has never quite been anything like this for event television.
“Sean Spicer has gone almost to a hundred days with standing room only and I find that many people stop me on the street and say, ‘I saw you on Sean Spicer’ as if they’re saying, ‘I saw you on Doctor Who,’” said John Gizzi, chief political correspondent at Newsmax, one of the conservative outlets now regularly called upon to ask questions.
This was a vintage week for viewers. On Tuesday, Spicer expressed his frustration by saying: “If the president puts Russian salad dressing on his salad tonight, somehow that’s a Russian connection.” He also clashed with reporter April Ryan, admonishing: “Please stop shaking your head” – a churlish comment that earned rebukes from Hillary Clinton and several journalists (Ryan herself tweeted: “Lawd!!!!”). The following day Spicer gave Ryan the opening question, perhaps in coded apology.
On Friday he repeatedly berated reporters for focusing on Donald Trump’s alleged links to Russia rather than the president’s allegation that Barack Obama’s administration leaked classified information about him. Maggie Haberman of the New York Times tweeted: “This is the most SNL yet of these briefings” – a reference to TV comedy show Saturday Night Live, in which actor Melissa McCarthy parodies Spicer’s gum-chewing aggression with a motorised lectern that wreaks havoc.
More haunting words came from David Frum, a senior editor of the Atlantic and former speechwriter for George W Bush. “The Spicer show is so fascinating precisely because he remembers when he used to have a conscience,” he wrote. “And the memory troubles him.”
Spicer has been in a harsh spotlight ever since the first full day of the administration, when he stormed into the briefing room and angrily insisted that the crowd size at Trump’s inauguration was bigger than Obama’s, which it was not. 
Since then, some distracting neck ties and verbal tics have emerged. On Friday he used the word “interesting” 10 times in an hour. A week earlier he lectured reporters – “You guys are so negative!” – over the healthcare bill, which collapsed within hours. Another day he told them: “At some point, I would implore, urge, beg some of you to use some of your investigative skills.”
But perhaps Spicer’s most trusty line, covering for an unpredictable and itchy-fingered boss, is this: “The president’s tweets speak for themselves.”
It also emerged this week that Spicer is well-off. Financial disclosures released by the White House showed he held investments in McDonald’s, Walmart, Coca-Cola and Exxon Mobil and appears to have taken out four mortgages in the first 60 days of 2017, acquiring Trump’s taste for property deals.
Indeed, at times he appears to be channeling his pugnacious master. Michael Cornfield, associate professor of political management at George Washington University, said: “The stuff with April Ryan replicates what Trump did on the campaign trail. It’s kind of eerie in that respect. It’s like mimicry.”
Cornfield said he has been watching press secretaries since Ron Ziegler, spokesman for Richard Nixon, but Spicer is unprecedented: “If we’re talking about how do we try to find a context to understand Spicer, we either have to go to fiction or we have to go to his boss, because a long line of predecessors behaved very differently from this guy.
“Past press secretaries have shaded the truth or even lied but it’s usually just been on one subject or two. Spicer gives out misinformation on everything. The other big difference is how aggressive his behaviour is, which Melissa McCarthy has spoofed terrifically. He attacks. 
“The others when they have to shade the truth have been defensive, which is not to say they haven’t been antagonistic – they have – but Spicer is a soldier and he’s attacking people.”
Even in TV comedies such as Veep, Cornfield said, there is not quite anyone like Spicer. “When Mike McLintock, the press secretary played by Matt Walsh, has to say something untrue or he doesn’t know what he’s talking about, it’s always played for comedy. He gets flustered. But when Spicer gets flustered, there’s this level of antagonism and aggressiveness that’s not fun.”
Frank Rich, an executive producer of Veep who is also a writer-at-large for New York magazine, agreed that Spicer’s daily briefings are a unique phenomenon. 
“Like everything else associated with Trump, including the president himself, watching is a form of entertainment,” he said. “Some people hate-watch it, I guess some people watch it with admiration, some people in my case watch it in the way one might watch a train wreck in the presidency.
“It’s been fascinating. It’s certainly something no one alive has ever seen in Washington before and it’ll be interesting to see how every fictional version of Washington on television, including the one I’m involved with, looks in relation to it to viewers.”
Spicer’s conduct has also generated comparisons to authoritarian regimes. In January Andrew Beatty, White House correspondent of Agence France-Presse, nodded towards the Zimbabwean president, Robert Mugabe, tweeting: “Honestly, covering Mugabe was more straightforward than this.”
This week, Beatty explained: “Just in the sense that any question is considered an affront and their automatic response is to fight, which for the Russia investigation, for example, exacerbates the sense that they’re covering something up … they fuel suspicions by behaving suspiciously.”
The White House press corps have tussled with the new administration over changes they believe limits access and transparency. In February, Spicer’s decision to hold an off-camera briefing with a select group of reporters – with several outlets barred – sparked an intense backlash.
Concerns have also been raised about the growing prevalence of off-camera briefings at the White House, which in previous administrations have typically been reserved for when the press secretary is travelling with the president and must brief reporters aboard Air Force One. There has been speculation that Spicer prefers it when Trump is not watching.
Beatty said: “You can tell the difference in his behaviour on days when Trump is holding a meeting at the same time as the press conference. He’s much more relaxed, much more subdued, joking around, and you can see some days at the beginning he was getting notes and his behaviour changed when he received the notes. There were a couple of times when he left the podium very abruptly.”
Ari Fleischer, who served as press secretary under Bush from 2001 to 2003, believes televising the briefings is part of the problem. “Just because it makes for juicy TV doesn’t mean it’s good for the republic,” he said, noting that the behaviour of both parties – the press and the press secretary – is by nature more theatrical when the cameras are rolling.
The end result, he argues, is that the press secretary has to be “exceptionally guarded”, knowing the president is watching: “You have to look for moments or openings to deliver a juicy line with panache.
“And reporters, knowing their colleagues and editors are watching, become more confrontational. The conversation can often be convivial, but when it’s live on TV it becomes far more adversarial. It’s a TV show, you’re playing your part.”
Marlin Fitzwater, press secretary for six years under Ronald Reagan and George HW Bush, said there is another key factor in how the briefings have evolved under the new administration: the president and his extraordinary war with the media. 
“The one everlasting fact about the briefing, in whatever form it takes, is that it always reflects the president,” he said.
“Certainly the biggest factor with President Trump is that he has a totally different attitude about how to conduct himself, the role of the press, and the fact is he is a combative president and therefore his press secretary is also combative.”
Fitzwater was quick, however, to recall a conversation he once had with one of the doyennes of the White House press corps. 
“Helen Thomas used to tell me, ‘Remember, Marlin, that the only thing we care about is the president and your value is only in your ability to reflect the president.’”



ARTICLE
The White House has said Donald Trump was speaking about general “rising crime” when he seemed to describe a non-existent terror attack in Sweden on Saturday night, as the president defended his ideas about banning refugees and travel from seven Muslim-majority countries.
“You look at what’s happening in Germany. You look at what’s happening last night in Sweden,” the president said at a rally in Melbourne, Florida, on Saturday night. “Sweden. Who would believe this? Sweden. They took in large numbers. They’re having problems like they never thought possible.” 
Swedes reacted with surprise and confusion to the president’s claim about an unspecified incident that he said took place on Friday night. On Sunday, the Swedish embassy in Washington asked the US state department for an explanation. 
“We have asked the question today to the state department. We are trying to get clarity,” said the Swedish foreign ministry spokeswoman Catarina Axelsson. 
On Sunday afternoon, the president tweeted his own clarification: “My statement as to what’s happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants & Sweden.”
Sarah Sanders, the principal deputy press secretary for the White House, told reporters a few minutes before his tweet that Trump had been “referring to a report he had seen the previous night”. 
“He was talking about rising crime and recent incidents in general, and not referring to a specific incident,” Sanders said. 
On Friday night, the Fox News host Tucker Carlson presented a segment with the film-maker Ami Horowitz, who claims that the migrants Sweden has accepted are linked to crime.
“Sweden had its first terrorist Islamic attack not that long ago, so they’re now getting a taste of what we’ve been seeing across Europe already,” Horowitz claimed, without specifying what attack he was alluding to. “They oftentimes try to cover up some of these crimes.”
Sweden suffered a suicide bombing by an Iraqi-born Swedish citizen in Stockholm in 2010, a year before civil wars began in Syria and Libya and unrest across the Middle East pushed millions of people to flee their homes, many into Europe. Crime rates in Sweden have changed little over the last 10 years, according to the 2016 Swedish Crime Survey.
Sweden’s foreign minister, Margot Wallstrom, tweeted a link observing that “post-truth” was named word of the year by Oxford Dictionaries in 2016.
She also tweeted an excerpt of a speech she gave in parliament last week. “Both functioning democracy and constructive cooperation between states require us to speak with, and not about, each other, to honour agreements and to allow ideas to compete,” Wallstrom said. “They also require us to respect science, facts and the media, and to acknowledge each other’s wisdom.”
Earlier this month, a senior White House aide, Kellyanne Conway, was criticized for citing a “Bowling Green massacre” that had not occurred.
Carl Bildt, the country’s former prime minister, more succinctly tweeted a link asking “Sweden? Terror attack? What has he been smoking? Questions abound.“
Contacted by email by the Guardian on Sunday, Horowitz said he was “gratified” that Trump brought attention to “the increasing problems that Sweden is having with its open door immigration policy to the Muslim world”.
“For better or worse,” Horowitz said that Trump sometimes speaks “in shorthand hyperbole”. He said his original allusion was to the 2010 Stockholm attack as well as an October arson attack in Malmö, which was claimed by Isis but that a Swedish court concluded was not a terror attack. No one was injured.
Horowitz also claimed crime “is increasingly significantly in Sweden”, contradicting the survey, and citing rape as an example. Sweden has a broad definition of rape, compared to many western nations; according to the Swedish National Council for Crime Prevention, there were 13% more reported rapes in 2016 than 2015, but the total was still lower than in 2014.
Horowitz said that “the Swedish response” suggests “they are incapable or unwilling to see the reality of what is happening in their own country.” 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump suffered a major legislative reversal on Friday as Republicans were forced to pull their repeal of the Affordable Care Act from the House floor.
After weeks of contentious negotiations over the American Health Care Act (AHCA), Republicans had to admit defeat as they could not gain sufficient support from their own side for the plan to overhaul US health insurance.
Speaking afterward in the Oval Office, Trump blamed Democrats for the failure of a bill to repeal the signature achievement of Barack Obama. “If [Democrats] got together with us, and got us a real healthcare bill, I’d be totally OK with that. The losers are Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, because they own Obamacare. They 100% own it,” he said.
Trump refused to bash the House speaker, Paul Ryan, but declined to answer a question about policy changes he would like to see in health reform. Instead, he said he was ready to move on to tax reform, saying: “We’re probably going to start going very strongly on big tax cuts. Tax reform that will be next.”
He added: “We all learned a lot. We learned a lot about loyalty.”
Earlier on Friday, as it became clear that Republican resistance to the bill was hardening, Ryan went to the White House to tell Trump in person that he did not have the votes to pass the bill.
The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, had insisted the vote would go ahead at 3.30pm ET. “Has the team put everything out there, have we left everything on the field? Absolutely,” he told reporters at his daily briefing. “But at the end of the day this isn’t a dictatorship and we’ve got to expect members to ultimately vote how they will according to what they think.”
However, Spicer’s imagined 3.30pm deadline slid by, ignored by Republicans on Capitol Hill, and the first reports emerged that Trump had asked for the vote to be pulled. Minutes later House Republicans, short of votes, had withdrawn the health bill.
At a press conference soon afterward, Ryan admitted: “Moving from an opposition party to a governing party comes with growing pains and, well, we’re feeling those growing pains today. I will not sugarcoat this: this is a disappointing day for us.” 
He said “doing big things is hard” and conceded that after almost a decade of saying no to everything in opposition, the Republicans had failed to come together and agree on something they have opposed for seven years. “We are going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future,” he said.
Ryan said he had recommended the bill be pulled when he realized the votes were lacking. But he praised Trump’s role in the negotiations, adding: “The president gave his all in this effort; he’s really been fantastic. Still, we’ve got to do better and we will.”
Asked how Republican members could now go back to their constituents having failed to keep their promise, Ryan replied: “That’s a really good question. I wish I had a better answer for you.”
Separately, a Washington Post reporter described a call with Trump in which he said the bill would not return any time soon.
Ryan also conceded that Republicans would now move on to other priorities – securing the border, rebuilding the military and tax reform. “Now we’re going on to move on with the rest of our agenda because we have big, ambitious plans to improve people’s lives in this country.”
Although speculation had grown on Friday afternoon that the bill would be pulled, the announcement came as a surprise to Republican members.
An emergency meeting of the House Republican Caucus was called shortly before the scheduled vote. As it was announced, the House went to recess, with Democrats shouting in a taunting manner, “Vote, vote, vote”, daring Republicans to bring the bill up. They did not.
In a short meeting, Ryan announced that the bill was being pulled from the floor in a terse statement to members. 
Many moderates in swing districts were wary of supporting the legislation, which included major cuts to Medicaid and was estimated by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office to lead to 24 million fewer Americans having health insurance over the next 10 years.
Conservatives also objected to the legislation for keeping too much of the architecture of the Affordable Care Act (ACA), frequently referred to as Obamacare. Although the Republican leadership made a major concession to them on Thursday by removing the federal mandate that health insurance plans cover “essential health benefits” such as maternity care and mental healthcare, this was not enough to win them over.
As the Nevada Republican Mark Amodei put it, the GOP caucus “didn’t spend a lot talking about a unified Republican vision for what we should do with healthcare in the House”. Paul Gosar, a member of the hard-right Freedom Caucus, which was instrumental in this setback, pointed a finger at White House staff.
The result is a major political blow to Paul Ryan, a healthcare policy specialist who led the effort in pushing the AHCA. It also leaves Trump in a vulnerable position. The president ran on a platform of repealing the “disaster” of Obamacare and replacing it with “something terrific”. However, Trump, co-author of The Art of the Deal, failed to accomplish that goal in his first major attempt to negotiate on Capitol Hill.
Nancy Pelosi, the House minority leader, called Friday “a great day for our country”, adding: “What happened on the floor was a victory for the American people.”
The Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer, said in a statement: “Ultimately, the Trumpcare bill failed because of two traits that have plagued the Trump presidency since he took office: incompetence and broken promises. In my life, I have never seen an administration as incompetent as the one occupying the White House today.
“They can’t write policy that actually makes sense, they can’t implement the policies they do manage to write, they can’t get their stories straight, and today we’ve learned that they can’t close a deal, and they can’t count votes.
“So much for The Art of the Deal.” 
Members of the Republican caucus took different lessons from the failure to even bring the AHCA to the vote. 
Louie Gohmert of Texas, an arch-conservative who was opposed to the bill, pointed fingers at House leadership, which he implied had left both rank and file and Trump boxed in with no alternative.
 “The president didn’t really get involved until after they created this bill and he was fighting for it,” Gohmert said.
Bradley Byrne, a loyal Republican from southern Alabama, expressed his readiness to still vote for the AHCA after it was pulled. He mourned the fact that House Republicans fell just short, in his opinion. “There were 200 plus ... ready to do whatever it takes and ... with that group of people we can do a lot,” said Byrne. He didn’t blame anyone for the setback, praising both Ryan and Trump, who he described as doing a “great job”.
 Republicans wondered whether this doomed any hope of healthcare reform. Gohmert seemed to sympathize with Trump’s desire to move on to tax reform, adding: “If I were president, I wouldn’t deal with healthcare any more, but as a legislator it is a problem and we should pick it back up and do it right.”
Speaking before the bill was pulled, the North Carolina congressman Mark Walker, chair of the Republican Study Committee, told reporters: “I can’t pretend that this is a win for us. I’m sure our friends on the left, this is a good moment for them. In fact, probably that champagne that wasn’t popped back in November may be utilized this evening.” 



ARTICLE
An investigation into possible collusion between Donald Trump’s associates and Moscow had been under way for more than three months at the time of the US election and is continuing.
That was the central fact confirmed by James Comey at Monday’s intelligence committee hearing. The FBI director told the committee that the counterintelligence investigation had started in late July, after the initial batch of hacked Democratic National Committee emails were published by WikiLeaks (supplied by the Russians through an intermediary, Comey said) and at about the time Donald Trump issued his infamous invitation to Moscow to hack some more.
“Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you can find the 33,000 emails that are missing. I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press,” the candidate said on 27 July.
That also means that the investigation into the Trump team’s Russian links was three months old when Comey made his intervention in the presidential election, announcing 11 days before the vote that new material had been found relevant to the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server. 
Comey attempted to explain why he had spoken publicly about the Clinton inquiry while saying nothing about the Trump-Moscow investigation by saying that the FBI had only revealed details of “completed investigations”. That is very unlikely to satisfy doubters, as the rationale for Comey’s “October surprise” announcement on Clinton’s emails is that they meant the case was not closed.
More than four months later, we learned that more than one member of Trump’s campaign has been under investigation and that the possibility is being explored that criminal acts were committed. We know the inquiry is ongoing and it is impossible to say when it will be completed. Counter-intelligence investigations are usually very long and often open-ended.
Very little time on Monday was spent on Trump’s repeated claims that he had been wiretapped by the Obama administration. It was brushed away perfunctorily by Comey and the NSA director, Michael Rogers, who also noted the damage done by the White House spokesman repeating a groundless allegation that the NSA had asked British spies to wiretap Trump on Obama’s behalf.
We learned how far the White House has gone to isolate itself by persevering in those claims and refusing to apologise to the UK for the GCHQ allegation. Rogers agreed that the allegations were not only baseless but had also been “frustrating for a key ally”.
No Republicans bothered to support the president over the allegations, and they had no interest in pursuing the point. Their tactics were to try to keep the focus of their questions on the leaks of classified information from the investigation, speculating on which Obama administration officials could have been responsible, and even raising the possibility of prosecuting journalists for publishing the leaks. 
The Democrats tried to build a prosecution case out of the multiple contacts between Trump aides and Russian officials and the failure of the Trump campaign or the Trump White House to disclose them until forced to. 
However, Comey and Rogers repeatedly rebuffed questions about which Trump associates were under scrutiny. Nor did they directly confirm or deny reports that an order had been issued as part of the counter-intelligence inquiry under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (Fisa). 
But Comey did go out of his way to say that “disclosure of Fisa is an extraordinarily unusual event” and that the FBI took it very seriously, implying that such a disclosure may have taken place.
It is clear that the extent and scope of the Russian intervention took US law enforcement and intelligence agencies by surprise. Comey said the Russians “were unusually loud in their intrusions. It was almost as if they didn’t care if we knew, or if they wanted us to know”.
Most of all, the opening of the congressional inquiry on Monday took the US deeper into uncharted territory, an investigation into whether a presidential election campaign actively cooperated with a foreign adversary to win, and whether the beneficiary of that intervention was now seeking to cover up that collusion. 



ARTICLE
After months of foggy promises to unveil a “great healthcare plan” for Americans and an admission that health policy is “complicated”, Donald Trump finally took a side in the debate over how to replace the Affordable Care Act during a joint session of Congress, calling for a package of recycled Republican health ideas. 
Changes Trump called for would radically alter what is in the health insurance policies Americans purchase, abandoning the goal of “universal” coverage in favor of a more limited principle that Republicans say gives Americans “access” to coverage – at a price. His promises will likely reassure Republican leadership, as party in-fighting continues.
“I am also calling on this Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare, with reforms that expand choice, increase access, lower costs, and at the same time, provide better healthcare,” Trump said. “Mandating every American to buy government-approved health insurance was never the right solution for America.”
The ACA, better known as Obamacare, provided insurance to 20m Americans by subsidizing individual insurance plans, expanding the public health insurance program Medicaid, and creating consumer protections that mandate which benefits must be in health plans. 
However, insurance companies’ choice to leave some state marketplaces and a sicker-than-expected population has caused costs to rise in some states, which has proved a potent criticism of the law. 
The four replacement plan cornerstones laid out by the president have fundamentally different goals from Democratic plans that came before. 
The most important provision Trump supported was “tax credits”. Eerily similar to the current system of subsidies for individual insurance, Republicans have proposed these credits before. The difference? Republicans want them to be less generous, and to distribute them by age – not income.
This strategy is embraced by Republican leadership, but getting conservatives on board could determine whether the ship floats. Some right-leaning news outlets criticized tax credits because they continue government spending, and key conservatives have already come out against it. 
“The bill contains what increasingly appears to be a new health-insurance entitlement with a Republican stamp on it,” Republican congressman Mark Walker said, according to Fox News.
Trump promised to provide “access” to coverage for people who are already sick with “pre-existing conditions”. That probably refers to high-risk pools – government-subsidized coverage plans that 35 states had before the ACA. Most had higher premiums and deductibles, and annual and lifetime limits on care. Republicans have also proposed this solution in past plans.
Trump called for “flexibility” with Medicaid spending, harkening back to work by Trump’s nominee to head the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid, Seema Verma. In the past, she designed state plans with work requirements for the poor, lock-out periods as long as six months, and complex bureaucracy. Nevertheless, her plans were able to expand Medicaid in deeply conservative states. She faces a key committee vote on Wednesday.
Trump’s promise to “implement legal reforms that protect patients and doctors from unnecessary costs” could signal his support for medical malpractice reform, a long-time bugaboo for Republicans, especially the health and human services secretary, Tom Price, an orthopedic surgeon. He also said insurance should be sold across state lines.
But it’s not clear how these changes would be implemented, or how they would get through Congress. So far, Republicans have attempted to make good on promises to repeal the law by trying to ram a “budget reconciliation” law through Congress. That type of law needs a simple majority to pass – for which Republicans have the votes – but can only address taxes and spending. For policy changes, they need Democrats, who have proved elusive.
The single olive branch to Democrats was a call to lower prescription drug prices. Progressives in the party introduced a bill this week to allow drug imports from Canada, which many believe would lower drug prices by introducing competitive pricing. Trump later called for slashing Food and Drug Administration regulations to spur innovation, a move Democrats would almost certainly oppose.
“Everything that is broken in our country can be fixed,” he said. “Every problem can be solved.” 
•An earlier version of this story misattributed a quote to Mark Warner. This version has been corrected to reflect that it was Mark Walker who gave the quote



ARTICLE
The top Democrat on one of the congressional committees investigating ties between Donald Trump and Russia has raised “grave doubt” over the viability of the inquiry after its Republican chairman shared information with the White House and not their committee colleagues.
In the latest wild development surrounding the Russia inquiry that has created an air of scandal around Trump, Democrat Adam Schiff effectively called his GOP counterpart, Devin Nunes, a proxy for the White House, questioning his conduct.
“These actions raise enormous doubt about whether the committee can do its work,” Schiff said late Wednesday afternoon after speaking with Nunes, his fellow Californian, before telling MSNBC that evidence tying Trump to Russia now appeared “more than circumstantial”.
Two days after testimony from the directors of the FBI and NSA that dismissed any factual basis to Trump’s 4 March claim that Barack Obama had him placed under surveillance, Nunes publicly stated he was “alarmed” to learn that the intelligence agencies may have “incidentally” collected communications from Trump and his associates. 
Nunes, who served on Trump’s national security transition team, said the surveillance “appears to be all legally collected” and masked the identities of Americans, but did so in such a way that Nunes could hazard a guess as to whom the intercepted communications discussed. Nunes added that the alleged intercepts did not actually concern Russia. 
“Details about persons associated with the incoming administration, details with little apparent foreign intelligence value were widely disseminated in intelligence community reporting,” said Nunes, who has shifted the focus of the inquiry onto leaks that Trump blames on the intelligence agencies. 
Nunes went to the White House to brief the president, who seized on the chairman’s comments as vindication, even though there is little evidence even in Nunes’s vague and often conditional remarks that they revive Trump’s claim that Obama had Trump Tower wiretapped.
“I somewhat do. I must tell you I somewhat do. I very much appreciated the fact that they found what they found, I somewhat do,” Trump said Wednesday afternoon.
Nunes took whatever material he had acquired to Trump before sharing it with the committee – a decision that represented nearly a final straw for Schiff, who called for an independent commission to investigate ties between Trump and Russia. 
In language that stripped away any pretense of cordiality remaining on the committee, Schiff said Nunes would have to decide whether to helm a credible inquiry or whether to operate as a White House adjunct, complicit in what Schiff intimated was a “campaign by the White House to deflect from the [FBI] director’s testimony”.
Asked if Schiff was considering pulling out of the inquiry, Schiff said he would have to “analyze what this development means”, suggesting a potential Democratic departure from one of the most internationally watched congressional investigations in recent history. 
“If you have a chairman who is interacting with the White House, sharing information with the White House, when the people around the White House are the subject of the investigation and doing it before sharing it with the committee, it puts a profound doubt over whether that can be done credibly,” Schiff said.
Schiff reiterated that from what he had gleaned from his conversation with Nunes, “there is still no evidence that the president was wiretapped by his predecessor”.
Without receiving the actual intercept, Schiff said, it was “impossible” to evaluate the merits of Nunes’s claims.
Republicans in the House and Senate continue to resist Democratic demands for an independent commission modeled on the one comprised of retired eminences from both parties that investigated the 9/11 attacks. Schiff said he would raise the issue again with House speaker Paul Ryan, a Republican. 
Incidental collection occurs when a communications intercept aimed at a foreign spy or proxy captures either an American in conversation with that foreign operative or discusses information about an American. An inevitability in an age of mass surveillance, and frequent even in targeted surveillance, the NSA has procedures in place to mask Americans’ identity, but Edward Snowden’s revelations have raised grave doubts about their robustness. 
Given Nunes’s concerns about leaks of classified information, some questioned whether Nunes himself had confirmed the existence of a classified intercept under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.
“Representative Nunes’s statements would appear to reveal classified information, which is a serious concern. With regard to the substance of his claims, I have no idea what he is talking about,” said Senator Ron Wyden, a Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee, which is also investigating the Trump-Russia question.
The House committee is schedule to meet on 28 March to hear testimony on the Trump-Russia allegations from former director of national intelligence James Clapper and former CIA director John Brennan. 



ARTICLE
For a generation, Georgia’s sixth congressional district has voted overwhelmingly for almost every Republican candidate – except Donald Trump.
In a special election on Tuesday, voters in this district will decide if that was an aberration or a sign of a shift. 
Although there are plenty of other dynamics in the district – including demographic changes in Atlanta’s prosperous suburbs, local political rivalries and the sprawling district boundaries – Trump somehow looms over them, even if not in the eyes of local voters but in a nation transfixed by the ongoing reality show at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. 
Tuesday’s vote to replace congressman Tom Price, who resigned to join the new cabinet, will be one of the first major tests of partisan strength in the Trump administration. 
Eighteen candidates have lined up, including the leading contender, Democrat Jon Ossoff, who has consistently polled above 40%. He faces a number of Republicans, all hoping to pull off a second place finish and then best Ossoff in a June runoff, if no candidate breaks 50%.
A bastion of the modern Republican party in the state, the district did not embrace Trump. In the general election, Trump won this once safe Republican district by a margin of 47%-46% over Hillary Clinton. In the presidential primary, Marco Rubio trounced Trump in the district despite losing by 18% statewide. 
As a result, when Price stepped down to become Trump’s secretary of health and human services, Democrats began to look upon the district greedily. After all, while Hillary Clinton had struggled in blue-collar areas in the midwest, she had done far better in well-educated areas like this district, which has more adults with post-graduate degrees than without any college education whatsoever. 
As Charlie Harper, a former Republican operative and publisher of GeorgiaPol.com, described it: “It’s a high tech, jobs oriented, fiscally conservative but socially tolerant area.”
Democratic party elders quickly coalesced around Ossoff, a lanky 30-year-old ex-congressional staffer who combined the studied caution of a veteran politician with a faux folksy use of “y’all”. Ossoff, who has raised over $8.3m for his campaign, a record breaking total, has shied away from making the campaign about Trump, instead touting banal policy positions, like his support for exports and opposition to government waste.
Despite Ossoff’s talking points, the campaign has built a base among an activist core energized by their opposition to Trump. Linda Liss was a longtime Democrat from Roswell, Georgia, whose husband Ralph had worked for Democratic candidates going back to Carter. At Ossoff’s election eve rally, held adjacent to a suburban go kart track, the couple rhapsodized about Ossoff. But, as Liss made clear, much of the energy around the campaign, including dozens of college age volunteers and staffers jumping up and down chanting “I believe that he will win” at the rally, was about the president.
It’s “150% Trump”, Liss said, adding that she wakes up every morning in shock about the current occupant of the White House: “I can’t believe that he won.”
 In an interview with the Guardian, Ossoff insisted his campaign was “about local issues before it’s about national politics” and tried to paint himself as a non-partisan technocratic wonk. He described himself as someone seeking to represent “a moderate pragmatic district” which has “never identified as particularly partisan”. 
Ossoff had difficulty, though, trying to square that description with landslide margins repeatedly given to Price, who played a key role in Trump’s attempt to repeal Obamacare. After a long pause, he simply said that an “incumbent member of congress in congressional leadership who raises significant funds every cycle and faces no credible opposition is likely to win by significant margins”.
Ossoff also struggled to name one step taken by Trump that he supported. “I think that the president has a lot of work to do,” he said. “I think that management of legislative initiatives has been ineffective, management of foreign policy challenges is somewhat volatile and that’s a cause for concern.”
His contempt for Trump’s approach to the Middle East came more easily. “I don’t think the strike in Syria was a step in any direction,” Ossoff said. “I think it was a reasonable response to a discrete event in foreign affairs. I don’t think that it constitutes a policy or a strategy.”
His top Republican rivals have nary a cross word to say about Trump, though. In interviews, three of the top GOP candidates – Karen Handel, Judson Hill and Dan Moody – neither offered one issue where they differed from the president, nor a single issue where they differed from each other. 
Instead, they offered varying pitches about their life experience, their shared disdain for Ossoff and their insistence that the district was safely Republican despite significant demographic changes since Newt Gingrich represented the district in the 1990s. The district has gone from being 90% white to 70% white with growing Hispanic and Asian American populations.
Speaking in a strip mall coffee shop located in the shadow of Arby’s corporate headquarters, Handel insisted to the Guardian that this was still a “solidly Republican district”. A former Georgia secretary of state who has since lost statewide bids for governor and US Senate, Handel is considered the Republican frontrunner. 
She dismissed any possibility of a Democratic gain as part of media narrative and said that by polling in the 40s, Ossoff had “hit his ceiling”. Handel instead painted herself as the candidate with “experience” who will get “the job done”. She also went out of her way to express her support for Trump’s American Health Care Act because “it is important not to let the quest for perfection stop you from acting”.
Dan Moody, a self-funding business owner and former state senator who is one of Handel’s top rivals, was convinced Republicans would be energized to beat the Democratic frontrunner in a runoff. “These people are so energized and so passionate about sending Ossoff back to where he came from that they are going to turn out in large numbers on June 20.”
Campaigning on the main drag in Roswell, a bustling and increasingly trendy suburb of Atlanta, Moody said that while the district’s Hispanic and Asian populations had doubled since 2001, it wasn’t likely to have much of a political impact. “If you look at where these people are living and what they are doing, they are not living off of entitlements,” he said. “These are productive people who believe in the American dream and who are working hard.” In his view, the demographics might have changed but the politics had not.
A soft spoken man in a blue dress shirt and perfectly creased khakis, Moody had miniature shovels to hand out to voters, a reminder of his first television ad, which depicts him shoveling up the muck left behind by elephants and donkeys. The ad in which Moody called himself “the strong silent type” featured an implicit shot at Handel with an elephant wearing a pearl necklace. 
Painting himself as someone who would help Trump, Moody said of the president: “He’s got some great ideas, what he needs is people to do the hard work.”
His pitch was strikingly similar to that of Judson Hill, a state senator who resigned his seat to run in the special election. Speaking to the Guardian in his campaign office, decorated with copious Reagan memorabilia, Hill emphasized his legislative experience.
Noting the competitiveness of the race, Hill described the district as “trending”, comparing it to other “booming metro areas” which have seen “an influx of new residents,” like to Northern Virginia and Raleigh, North Carolina. He also noted that “change in the White House always drives voter turnout” referencing Republican Scott Brown’s upset win in 2010 special election in deep blue Massachusetts.
The state senator disagreed with the concept that demographics is destiny. “As demographics are changing you have to connect with those people” said Hill, who was convinced that a message of “limited government, individual responsibility [and] personal freedom” would resonate with voters.
After all, that traditional Republican message had worked for a generation in the district. The question though was whether it still worked in the Trump era. 



ARTICLE
Hello. How are you doing? I assume, if you’ve been reading the news, you’re pretty tired. There are now 11.6 million news results on Google for “President Trump” – a bewildering volume of information. More tiring still is the fact that we should be scrutinizing that information, not simply consuming it.
So, let’s check a claim together. Specifically, one made this week by the president. 
During his first speech to Congress on Tuesday, Donald Trump talked about immigration and crime, suggesting that the two are linked. 
Step 1: Find out what exactly Trump said. I do an internet search for “full text trump speech congress” and choose the first result. If I’m short on time, I would look for specific references to immigrants by searching the webpage for words that start with “imm”. 
It turns out Trump made 11 references to immigrants or immigration during the speech. Of particular interest is the rhetorical step the president makes from saying “And we must support the victims of crime” to announcing a new office called “Victims Of Immigration Crime Engagement”. 
The president then immediately introduces four individuals who he says have been victims of crime by immigrants.
Step 2: Find out which immigrants he is talking about (also known as the “hang on, I’m an immigrant - is he talking about me?” research step). Trump refers to “illegal immigrants” during his speech. That choice of language matters a lot. 
I do a search for “illegal immigrants language undocumented” and start reading. A link from NPR describes the fight over terminology and quotes a Jonathan Rosa, a linguistic anthropologist at the University of Massachusetts. The article says:
Hmm. So the fact that Trump used the word “illegal” to describe these immigrants is potentially important here. 
Step 3: Find out why the president is using his very first speech to Congress as an opportunity to focus on this specific type of crime. To do that, I research correlation: does crime go up when the number of unauthorized immigrants goes up? 
I search for “undocumented immigrants crime rates” which takes me to a New York Times article, but I don’t spend much time there – I quickly click through to find the original source of that journalism. I end up on this page from the American Immigration Council. Before I do anything else, I go to their “about us” section and find out that this is a non-profit organization, but its self-description sounds like it’s pro-immigrant so I should keep that in mind. 
Their site says that during the period 1990-2013, the number of unauthorized immigrants grew from 3.5 million to 11.2 million. Over that same period, FBI data shows that violent crime rates fell by 48% and property crimes declined by 41%. 
I double-check both claims and they turn out to be true. 
Step 4: Correlation isn’t everything. Maybe crime is declining overall despite the fact that unauthorized immigrants are pushing it up. So I find out how often undocumented immigrants in the US commit crimes. I’m going to use Google Scholar here because I want studies that might have been peer-reviewed and I look for “immigration crime longitudinal survey”. That word “longitudinal” means that the research won’t just be a snapshot, it will actually look at patterns over time. But I still want the research to be recent, so I filter for studies published in the last five years. 
I find a study by Bianca E Bersani. I look her up – she’s a associate professor of sociology at the University of Massachusetts, Boston. Using numbers from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, her study finds that about 17% of all first-generation immigrants who are age 16 have committed a crime in the past 12 months. 
Step 5: But wait. Is that number high or low? I decide to find out how often native-born people in the US commit crimes. Luckily, her study has that too. It’s higher: about 25% of all native-born people in the US who are 16 have committed a crime in the past 12 months. 
But there’s another trend in there too: second-generation immigrants commit crimes at about the same rates as the native-born population. Good news, immigrants assimilate! Or wait, bad news, immigrants assimilate?! I don’t even know anymore. 
Step 6: Find out if this matters. So what if the president wants to call out some criminals and not others? Shrug, right? I check my inbox and see a message from a colleague who has sent me this link. 
It’s an article from Democracy Now about plans from the Trump administration to publish a weekly list of crimes committed by unauthorized immigrants who live in so-called sanctuary cities (those are places in the US where local officials and law enforcement are not complying with some deportation efforts by immigration authorities). The article interviews the author of a book which is a history of concentration camps. The author points out that Nazis used to publish a similar list of Jewish crimes.
The author, Andrea Pitzer, explains: “This preoccupation with focusing in on one subset of the population’s crimes and then depicting that as somehow depraved and abnormal from the main population is something we’ve seen quite a bit in the past”.
I see. Focusing on the crime rates of native-born Americans would mean focusing on a large section of the voting population. Much better to go for a minority, even if they do tend to commit crimes at lower rates than everyone else. 
Would you like to see something fact-checked? Send me your questions! mona.chalabi@theguardian.com / @MonaChalabi



ARTICLE
Arthur Outlaw wanted a second term.
It was 1989 and Outlaw, the Republican mayor of Mobile, Alabama, was girding himself for his re-election campaign. Word was that Lambert Mims, a popular local Democrat, would run against him. Some Republicans were growing skittish.
But a close friend of Outlaw’s had something planned. The friend had been president of the state Young Republicans, chairman of the regional GOP, then a senior official in the Mobile County Republican party. And now he was the top federal prosecutor in southern Alabama.
“Jeff says that Mims won’t be around by that time,” an Outlaw aide said ominously, while discussing the election at a City Hall meeting that February, according to a sworn affidavit from an official who was in the room.
A few months later, Mims confirmed that he would be challenging Outlaw. Then Jeff Sessions made his move.
Sessions, then the US attorney for Alabama’s southern district, indicted Mims on criminal corruption charges relating to obscure four-year-old negotiations over a planned recycling plant. Mims was the ninth notable Democrat in the area to be indicted by Sessions since the young Republican was appointed by President Ronald Reagan. He would not be the last. 
Opponents concluded that Sessions used his federal prosecutor’s office, and the FBI agents who worked for him, as political weapons, according to more than half a dozen veterans of Mobile’s 1980s legal and political circles. Some alleged in court filings that the ambitious young Republican actually worked from a “hitlist” of Democratic targets.
“Sessions was a gun for hire,” said Tom Purvis, a former sheriff of Mobile County, “and he went after political enemies.” Purvis was acquitted of charges against him that Sessions oversaw after Purvis unseated another Outlaw ally from the elected sheriff’s position.
The decades-old concerns have been revived by Donald Trump’s appointment of Sessions as US attorney general, and the mounting anxiety over his ability to remain even-handed as the nation’s most senior law enforcement official given his record of vigorous partisanship. Earlier this week, Sessions was pressured into removing himself from oversight of any FBI investigations into the Trump campaign’s contacts with Russia.
Bolstering the claims are the remarkably thin prosecution cases brought by Sessions against some of those Democrats he indicted, which are detailed across thousands of pages of archived court filings that were reviewed by the Guardian.
Sessions had no direct evidence that Mims had committed a crime. The recycling plant was never even built. “I’ve never seen such a flimsy, weak case as this against anybody,” Mims’s attorney said in court. 
Still, Sessions’s office, which boasted a 95% conviction rate, persuaded a jury to find Mims guilty. Mims, a 60-year-old lay preacher, sobbed through his trial. He cried when he was convicted, then cried again when he was sentenced to 10 years in prison. “I will go to my grave proclaiming my innocence,” Mims told Judge Charles Butler. 
A few years later, Sessions ran to be Alabama attorney general. His old friend Outlaw, who was also a wealthy businessman, personally donated $25,000 to Sessions’s campaign. It was more than any other contributor gave.
Sessions began the 1980s on the front lines of Mobile’s partisan warfare.
Having left his job as an assistant US attorney following the election of Jimmy Carter as US president, Sessions worked on Ronald Reagan’s triumphant 1980 White House bid in Alabama and campaigned to elect fellow Republicans to local offices that were then still dominated by conservative Democrats.
After one such contest ended in narrow defeat for a Republican nominee, Sessions was incandescent. The 34-year-old disputed the result in the county courts and forcefully demanded a full recount.
During one hearing, Sessions so furiously accused the Democrats of wrongdoing that the judge ruled him “out of order” three times. The Republicans took the election challenge all the way to the Alabama supreme court before finally admitting defeat.
It was a declaration of intent. 
“He is an ideologue,” said Ed Massey, a Mobile attorney who has known Sessions since the 1970s. “His attitude was, ‘I’ve got a job to do, and this is what I think my job is, and I’m going to do it with guns blazing’.”
A few months later, Sessions was announced as Reagan’s choice to fill the top job in the federal prosecutor’s office in Mobile. Once installed, he quickly got to work on reshaping the agenda of this little outpost of the US justice department.
In September 1982, Bob Gulledge, a first-term Democratic state senator, was preparing to defend his seat when Sessions indicted him for alleged land fraud conspiracy. Gulledge and an associate had profited from the sale of a tract of land that had been bought with a mortgage from a government-backed lender where the associate was also an executive.
“What are we doing here? Where’s the crime?” Gulledge’s exasperated attorney asked the court at trial, after Sessions gave an extravagant 90-minute opening statement. 
The attorney, Barry Hess, said Gulledge was no different from other borrowers except he “happened to be in the state senate, and happened to be running for re-election” soon:
“The prosecutor is like a dog with a bone,” said Hess. “It’s a bone with no meat on it, but he keeps playing with it, burying it. There just ain’t any meat on it.”
A mistrial was declared after jurors could not reach a verdict. But by then, Gulledge had lost his party primary contest, and was out of his re-election race altogether. He did not respond to requests for comment.
As the next election season approached in late 1984, Sessions struck again. The city commissioner, Gary Greenough, was sentenced to 10 years for allegedly stealing a cut of the profits from Mobile’s municipal auditorium, a city-run entertainment venue that hosted top-tier shows such as the Jacksons, Santana, and Kool and the Gang. 
Greenough, who had, with Lambert Mims, pushed through municipal contracting reforms that left Sessions allies out of pocket, always maintained his innocence. 
And a review of the case shows that the evidence against him was far from clear-cut. His conviction rested on the testimony of two auditorium managers, who were clearly guilty of embezzlement themselves, and made plea deals with Sessions in return for their cooperation in prosecuting Greenough.
In the paperwork that he submitted earlier this year to the US Senate judiciary committee for his confirmation hearings, Sessions named the Greenough case as one of the 10 most significant of his career. 
 “It was about eliminating opposition,” said Danny Mims, one of Mims’s sons. “The reason they targeted my father was that he was really good at it.”
The fight was not only partisan but generational. Members of a so-called “Old Establishment” in Mobile politics were increasingly seeing their jobs, and patronage for their corporate backers, threatened by a new breed of upstarts. With Sessions as its spearhead, the establishment fought back.
Rumors began flying around Mobile’s corridors of power and newspaper gossip columns about who might be next in line for indictment. The atmosphere grew increasingly febrile. 
“They would do it just to shake the branches,” said one prominent Mobile attorney from the time, who did not want to be identified being critical of the US attorney general because he still practices law. “The FBI would put people through these vague, threatening interviews, trying to get them to say things about other people.”
The inquiry into Greenough was led by Jack Brennan, a senior FBI agent in Mobile who was close to Sessions. Distinctive for his puffy red face and thinning hair, Brennan would reappear several times in Sessions’s cases against local Democrats. Reached by email, he did not respond to questions.
At 7am on 25 November 1985, Brennan and two other investigators paid a visit to the home of Gurney Owens, Mobile County’s top waste disposal official. Owens was in deep trouble.
He had been caught on tape soliciting a bribe from a local businessman, who had been trying to secure a landfill contract. Unknown to Owens, the businessman, Gerald Godwin, had been wearing a wire for the FBI and Sessions when the pair chatted over a breakfast of eggs, bacon and coffee at the Quality Inn.
Now the agents in his living room were telling Owens they could help him to help himself. He was facing a long prison sentence, they said, but it could be cut down to two years if he cooperated with what they and Sessions wanted.
“The US attorney’s office and the FBI presented to Mr Owens a hitlist of approximately 20 people that they wanted him to snare,” Owens’s attorney, Jim Atchison, said in a statement filed to court. “It is interesting to note that every single person on the list is either a well-known Democrat or active in the Democratic party.”
The county waste official said he was “dumbfounded” by what was being asked of him. “They told me that they wanted me to wear a concealed radio transmitter and go out and talk to a number of people and see if I could involve them in something improper or illegal,” Owens said in his own statement. 
Sessions flatly denied the existence of a hit list, later telling US senators that Owens’s allegation was “one of the most amazing things I have ever seen in my practice of law”. A justice department review agreed that the claim of a list was “utterly without foundation”. 
But William Hinshaw, the FBI official who took over the Mobile office in 1986, said in an interview that it was feasible. “It is a technique that is used,” he said, noting that a justice department official should sign off on such a target list.
Owens declined to take the deal. He was convicted and sentenced to 10 years in prison.
“Sessions would get really, really mad at my dad because my dad refused to roll over,” recalled Owens’s son Gerry, who said he once watched an enraged Sessions berate his father in a courthouse corridor. “He’d be sitting there calm as can be, and would then explode like a firecracker.”
In any case, Owens had already helped Sessions and the FBI with one of their targets. On the secret recordings, Owens was heard claiming he had been ordered to collect the bribe by Douglas Wicks, a Democratic county commissioner, who had voting power on who should win the contract.
Wicks insisted that this was merely a cover story that Owens told to make himself look better while requesting money he would actually keep himself. Sessions did not initially indict Wicks for involvement in the alleged bribery. But then came Sessions’s disastrous visit to Washington DC.
Still only 39 years old, Sessions was nominated by Reagan for another promotion – as a federal judge for Alabama’s southern district.
Democrats in the Senate had other ideas. Members of the Senate judiciary committee voted to reject Sessions, after receiving allegations of racism toward African Americans. It was only the second time in 50 years that a nominee had been denied a federal judgeship.
Wicks, who had been the first black person elected to the Mobile County commission, had a walk-on role in the melodrama. During the Senate hearings, future vice-president Joe Biden asked Sessions if it was true that he called Wicks a “nigger” during a break in a court hearing in November 1981.
Sessions denied using the racist term but the allegation, coupled with other first-hand accounts of Session’s use of racially insensitive language, went some way to killing his nomination. 
A few months later, his judgeship prospects in tatters, Sessions indicted Wicks after all. The indictment for extortion was publicly unveiled by Sessions two days after the Senate confirmed an attorney to take the judgeship he had been denied. 
“Sessions decided to go after me because he didn’t get the judgeship,” Wicks said, echoing remarks he made immediately after being indicted.
Sessions accused Wicks of demanding a bribe from the owner of a pumping firm in return for a permit. Owens said so, too. But the businessman testified that he voluntarily gave Wicks a campaign contribution after the permit had been given. “I don’t feel that I was extorted,” he said.
There was also no proof offered that Wicks had received the bribes that Owens was recorded asking for. Brennan, the FBI agent, fed Godwin wads of marked $20 bills to make the bribes, and then followed Wicks around Mobile trying to catch him spending them at stores and restaurants. But none of the $20s were recovered.
The lack of any smoking gun might have seen Wicks headed for an acquittal. But something extraordinary happened in the days before his trial.
On 4 March 1987, Wicks and a friend were looking around vacant houses that had recently been bought by the city of Mobile. The structures were to be sold and moved elsewhere to make way for new construction. Wicks and his friend stopped at one house with a set of anti-burglar bars on the ground outside. They picked up the bars and threw them in their truck to sell as scrap metal.
But a man appeared and told them that he was in the process of buying the house. “Where are you going with my stuff?” asked the man. Wicks, who thought he recognized the man, apologized. “We didn’t know anybody owned this place,” Wicks said. They returned the bars to where they had been found, and left.
Wicks later realized that the man who had confronted them was Brennan, the FBI agent and friend of Sessions, who had been surveilling Wicks for months for the corruption case. Wicks was charged with theft. A story about the case ran on the front page of the Mobile Register under the headline “Wicks charged with felony”. Days later, Wicks’s trial for extortion began. 
“It was unfair, so unfair,” said Irmatean Watson, a Democratic city councilwoman at the time. “It was all political. Douglas didn’t do anything wrong.”
Hinshaw, then the FBI field office chief, said in an interview that Sessions had personally approved the arrest of Wicks for the theft and brushed aside any concerns about “political correctness” or awkward timing.
He strenuously denied that the theft charge was cooked up to tarnish Wicks’s name before his trial. Agent Brennan insisted that he really was buying the house, and that another man named as the purchaser in the county records was acting on his behalf. 
But Wicks and his attorney, Billy Kimbrough, claimed the FBI had been watching and waiting for any act by Wicks that they could make look like criminal activity. The following month the charges relating to the burglar bars were dismissed. By then, Wicks had been found guilty in the corruption trial and sentenced to 15 years in prison.
It was the prosecution of Mims, however, that astonished even hardened Mobile political operatives. At the center of the case, wearing a wire once again, was Gerald Godwin, the same businessman who helped Sessions nail Owens and Wicks.
Godwin alleged that he had been pressured to give 40% of his company to a friend of Mims’s if he wanted Mims to award him the contract to develop the recycling plant.
There was no evidence presented of such extortion, let alone Mims’s knowledge of it, let alone his involvement in it. Godwin claimed to have been threatened on 30 September, yet Mims had already signed a city resolution agreeing to the plant almost a week before that. The negotiations collapsed and the plant was never built.
And yet – four years after Mims had stepped down from politics, and shortly after he reappeared with his campaign for mayor – Sessions proceeded with criminal charges against him. 
“Mims was not a crook. He would never have knowingly done anything like what they claimed,” his attorney, Thomas Haas, said in a recent interview. “These people were politically motivated.”
After pleading not guilty, Mims told reporters that he was “a victim of people who have used the system to try to destroy me politically” and that the indictment had been timed “to affect the outcome of the election”.
The authorities had even sent an FBI agent into Mims’s office, posing as an executive from a mortgage lender, and tried to make Mims reveal illegal cronyism by saying on tape that his friend would definitely be awarded the contract. But Mims was only recorded saying platitudes such as: “Naturally, I’d rather see local people get it rather than to bring in somebody from out of state.”
So underwhelming was the evidence when played in court that the Mobile Register’s front page headline the following day was: “Recording reveals no wrongdoing”. 
Attempting to have the case thrown out, Haas called it “a farce” and a “cruel joke”. In his closing argument, he told jurors: “You have wasted 10 weeks of your life. There is no evidence of any criminal activity by Mr Mims. You’ve heard the evidence. That’s all there is, folks. The fat lady has sung.”
After more than 20 hours of deliberations, however, the jury found Mims guilty. 
Asked following the trial whether he had brought the prosecution to kill Mims’s political career, Sessions said nothing could be further from the truth. “These cases are based on the law and the facts – and not on any other consideration,” he said.



ARTICLE
The attorney general, Jeff Sessions, has asked for the resignations of 46 US attorneys who were appointed during the prior presidential administration, the justice department said on Friday.
Many of the federal prosecutors who were nominated by Barack Obama have already left their positions, but the nearly four dozen who stayed on in the first weeks of the Trump administration have been asked to leave “in order to ensure a uniform transition”, a justice department spokeswoman, Sarah Isgur Flores, said.
“Until the new US attorneys are confirmed, the dedicated career prosecutors in our US attorney’s offices will continue the great work of the department in investigating, prosecuting and deterring the most violent offenders,” she said in a statement.
The dismissal includes Preet Bharara, the top federal prosecutor in Manhattan who had been asked by Trump to stay on in November. Bharara had a name for himself in pursuing New York politicians in corruption cases as well as Wall Street executives accused of wrongdoing. 
After his meeting in late November, the Obama appointee told reporters,“We had a good meeting. I said I would absolutely consider staying on. I agreed to stay on.” Bharara’s office is currently probing top New York Democrats in investigations linked to both governor Andrew Cuomo and Mayor Bill DeBlasio.
Only two prosecutors were held over. Dana Boente, the US attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia and acting deputy attorney general, and Rod Rosenstein, the US attorney for Maryland who been nominated to fill the role of deputy to Sessions. Rosenstein was appointed by Bush and held his post throughout the Obama administration.
“The president called Dana Boente and Rod Rosenstein tonight to inform them that he has declined to accept their resignation, and they will remain in their current positions,” spokesman Peter Carr said in a statement.
It is customary, though not automatic, for the country’s 93 US attorneys to leave their positions once a new president is in office. The Obama administration allowed political appointees of President George W Bush to serve until their replacements had been nominated and confirmed.
Federal prosecutors are nominated by the president, generally upon the recommendation of a home-state senator.
US. attorneys are responsible for prosecuting federal crimes in the territories they oversee. They report to justice department leadership in Washington, and their priorities are expected to be in line with those of the attorney general.
In a statement, Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee expressed her concern about the mass firing.
 “I’m surprised to hear that President Trump and Attorney General Sessions have abruptly fired all 46 remaining US attorneys,” she said. “In January, I met with Vice-President Pence and White House Counsel Donald McGahn and asked specifically whether all US attorneys would be fired at once.
“Mr McGahn told me that the transition would be done in an orderly fashion to preserve continuity. Clearly this is not the case. I’m very concerned about the effect of this sudden and unexpected decision on federal law enforcement.” 
• The Associated Press contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
The Republican plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act (ACA) has survived a damning report from the Congressional Budget Office, bipartisan opposition, criticism from virtually every corner of the healthcare industry, and even dueling powerpoint presentations.
This week, it is likely to face its most consequential test yet – a vote on the floor of the House. 
Even though several members of that chamber have openly decried the American Health Care Act (AHCA), Donald Trump and GOP leaders remained confident this week that it was on track to pass. 
At a rally in Nashville, Trump vowed to “repeal and replace horrible and disastrous Obamacare”. “It’s gonna be great. It’s gonna be great,” the president said of the replacement plan. “And then we get on to tax reductions, which I like.”
In the frenetic push to keep their longstanding promise to repeal the ACA, Republicans and White House officials are moving aggressively to court conservative support.
But they must also reassure an increasingly worried public, after a Congressional Budget Office report estimated that 14 million Americans would lose health insurance in the first year under the plan, and 24 million would be uninsured by 2026. 
A Fox News poll found that a majority of respondents (54%) opposed or strongly opposed the Republican healthcare plan compared with just 34% who said they favored or supported it. Asked why they opposed the bill, 67% said it was because the legislation would make “too many changes” to Obamacare. 
The House speaker, Paul Ryan, eventually conceded that changes would have to be made to the AHCA, while conservatives opposed to it maintained they had enough votes to block its passage if such changes were not substantial. In an interview on Fox News Sunday, he said Republicans were looking at the “higher healthcare costs” of people in their 50s and 60s, in particular.
The CBO analysis found that older people would pay higher premiums under the Republican plan, and gave the example of an 64 year old who had an annual income of $26,500. Under the ACA, that person would pay a $1,700 premium for insurance coverage. Under the Republican plan, that same person would pay $14,600, more than half the person’s annual income. 
Ryan argued the CBO report only looked at a “little piece of the issue” and said regulatory changes would help bring “market freedom” to insurance markets by “dramatically lower[ing]” the costs of insurance.
“Even with that, we think we should be offering more assistance than what the bill currently does,” he added. 
As currently written, the Republican plan would eliminate the requirement that Americans purchase healthcare or face a fine, but keep popular provisions including a requirement that insurers cover the sick and allow young people to stay on their parents’ insurance. 
On Thursday, the House budget committee passed the bill in a 19-17 vote. Three conservative members of the Freedom Caucus opposed it. By Friday one of the three, Alabama representative Gary Palmer, said he had changed his mind.
Palmer was among a dozen members of the conservative Republican Study Committee (RSC) invited to the White House to discuss their concerns with the president. After the meeting, Trump bragged: “Every single person sitting in this room is now a yes.”
The ACA, known to many as Obamacare, was on its “last dying feet”, he said.
North Carolina’s Mark Walker, chair of the RSC, said Trump won support by agreeing to allow states to impose work requirements on Medicaid recipients and to “block grant” federal funding for the welfare program, as opposed to the “per capita cap” policy currently in the bill, which would give states a set amount of money per person. 
Asked how he would respond to constituents and colleagues who call the Republican bill “Obamacare-lite”, he replied: “You’re looking at some of the top conservatives in the House. We stand united today to move this forward for the American people.”
Republican leaders are still trying to shore up support. The chair of the Freedom Caucus, North Carolina’s Mark Meadows, said he “definitely” had enough votes to derail a bill without substantial structural changes. 
Meanwhile, Democrats are seeking to turn the issue to their political advantage after years of being attacked. 
Trump has promised that any replacement plan would have “insurance for everybody”. The CBO report made clear the plan will not do that. 
Democrats are hammering that point at press conferences and rallies across the country. This week, Connecticut senator Chris Murphy offered a powerpoint presentation in response to one given by Ryan after the plan was first unveiled. 
Several fiscal hawks and conservative advocacy groups are opposed to the AHCA, arguing that it retains too much of the ACA and does not do enough to lower the cost of premiums. 
On Wednesday, hundreds of conservatives braved freezing temperatures for a “day of action” on Capitol Hill. At the event, organized by the grassroots groups FreedomWorks and Tea Party Patriots, activists waved signs that read “repeal Obamacare” and “keep your promise” and cheered when Republican lawmakers took the stage to trash the replacement plan.
“Failure is not an option,” the Texas senator Ted Cruz said, to applause. “If Republicans take this opportunity and blow it, we will rightly be considered a laughingstock.”
The bill also faces criticism from moderate Republicans, especially those from states that chose to expand eligibility for Medicaid under the ACA, and from influential organizations representing doctors, hospitals, insurers and patients.
 Oregon representative Greg Walden, chair of the House energy and commerce committee, which approved the bill on a party-line vote, dismissed the opinions of such groups, which include the AARP, the American Hospital Association and the American Medical Association, as part of a “medical-industrial complex”.
The bill next goes to the House rules committee, which will consider changes. Ryan has said he hopes to bring the bill to the floor for a full House vote next week. Republicans will need 216 votes, if all Democrats oppose as expected. 
Republicans do not have much room to tinker with the legislation. If conservatives win too many concessions, the plan is unlikely to pass the Senate, where Republicans have raised a number of objections already.
The president himself has acknowledged the difficulty of drafting a bill that will pass muster on all sides.
“You do something for one side and the other side doesn’t like it,” he said. 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s informal confidant Roger Stone, named by members of Congress as a subject of the FBI’s investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, volunteered on Sunday to testify in an open hearing to defend himself from accusers.
“This is a scandal in search of evidence,” Stone told ABC’s This Week. He had offered to testify before the House intelligence committee but had not yet received a reply, he said.
Earlier this week, the FBI director, James Comey, confirmed to that committee that the FBI was investigating possible links between members of Trump’s presidential campaign and Russian officials.
The FBI, CIA and NSA have concluded that Russia attempted to interfere in the 2016 election, in part by hacking emails of officials with the Democratic party and the Hillary Clinton campaign.
“They wanted to hurt our democracy, hurt her and help him,” Comey said.
He repeatedly declined to comment on any American citizens who are under investigation. Members of the committee, including the ranking Democrat, Adam Schiff, pressed him for details about a handful of men. 
Stone, they noted, has claimed a “perfectly legal back channel” to Julian Assange, the WikiLeaks chief who published many of the hacked emails. Stone has also said he communicated with the hacker known as Guccifer 2.0, whom the intelligence agencies have called an agent working for the Kremlin.
Stone’s friend and fellow Republican operative, Paul Manafort, was also named in the hearing. Before joining Trump’s campaign last year, Manafort worked for Viktor Yanukovych, the pro-Kremlin leader ousted as president of Ukraine in 2014. Manafort is under investigation in Ukraine and in 2006 signed a $10m contract with a Russian billionaire to promote Russian interests. 
Manafort has also offered to meet members of the committee, and like Stone has denied any wrongdoing. Both men continue to speak with President Trump.
“I reiterate again, I have had no contacts or collusions with the Russians,” Stone told ABC. “There is no collusion, none, at least none that I know about, in Donald Trump’s campaign for president.” 
Trump has called the investigation “fake news” and his administration has asked Republican members of Congress to help counter reports about the inquiry. 
Devin Nunes, the Republican chairman of House intelligence committee, alienated peers in both parties this week by going to the White House with the claim that US intelligence may have accidentally but legally surveilled Trump associates. 
Nunes later apologized but he has declined to reveal the source of his claims. He also canceled a hearing with three veterans of the Obama administration: former CIA director John Brennan, former acting attorney general Sally Yates and former director of national intelligence James Clapper.
Nunes’s Democratic counterpart on the committee, Schiff, told CBS’s Face the Nation on Sunday that Nunes threatened to undermine the investigation.
“My complaint with the chairman is taking whatever information he has to the White House when the White House is the subject in a way of the investigation,” Schiff said.
He added: “The chairman has to make a decision whether to act as a surrogate of the White House as he did during the campaign and the transition, or to lead an independent and credible investigation.”
The Senate intelligence committee is also conducting an investigation into possible coordination between members of the Trump campaign and Russian officials.
Mark Warner, the ranking Democrat on that panel, told NBC’s Meet the Press that he was convinced the investigation was “the most important thing that I’ve ever done in my public life”, though he declined to disclose any details. 
“We know that the Russians massively interfered in our election,” Warner said, adding that Trump’s first national security adviser, Michael Flynn, had resigned and attorney general Jeff Sessions had recused himself as elements of the investigation became public.
Warner said the Senate panel had begun to interview witnesses, and that he was increasingly open to an independent commission. 
“There’s a lot more smoke,” he said, adding that “time will tell” if such smoke will lead to fire.
According to a Quinnipiac University survey of 1,056 Americans, released on Friday, 66% support an independent commission, in line with 65% who believe Russian interference in the election to have been “very” or “somewhat” important.
Bernie Sanders said the FBI should be allowed to perform an independent and “thorough investigation”, and that an independent commission would be necessary if infighting derailed the committees in Congress.
“I think the American people are scratching their head and wondering how it is that you have an authoritarian leader in Russia who gets nothing but very positive statements from the president of the United States,” the senator from Vermont told CNN’s State of the Union. 
“That is the issue that needs to be investigated.”



ARTICLE
For those seeking definitive answers about American politics in the Trump era, the result in Georgia’s sixth congressional district was both illuminating yet somehow uniquely unsatisfying.
By winning just over 48% of the vote in a splintered field, Democrat Jon Ossoff far outpolled past Democratic candidates in the prosperous Atlanta suburbs that make up his district. However, in the “jungle primary” format in which he competed against 17 other candidates from both parties, that 48% was insufficient for Ossoff to win and forces a runoff in two months when he will face Republican Karen Handel. 
The race had already drawn well over $15m in spending and that total is likely to triple in the coming months. Ossoff, who became a symbol of hope for national Democrats desperate for any electoral victory, raised over $8m, 95% of which came from outside the district. However, outside conservative groups poured money into anti-Ossoff ads designed to boost Republican turnout and keep the Democratic hopeful under 50%.
Although the district, formerly represented by the health and human services secretary, Tom Price, had been a traditionally Republican one – it was even represented by Newt Gingrich when he became speaker of the House in 1994 – it is in some ways unique. It is a prosperous area with a mean household income of $116,000 where nearly 60% of the residents have a college degree. It is also diverse, with rapidly growing Hispanic and Asian American communities. 
Until the emergence of Donald Trump, it had been considered safe Republican territory. However, Hillary Clinton narrowly lost it at last year’s presidential election, despite winning in similar well-educated, traditionally Republican, suburban areas. The result was that Ossoff’s campaign became a test not just for Democratic enthusiasm in opposition to Trump but of the rapidly changing political map in the United States, as blue-collar rust belt whites increasingly vote Republican but college-educated voters in the sun belt start to embrace the Democratic party.
The runoff means that the final result on 20 June will come after an intervening special election in Montana, which has also drawn significant national attention. Although political dynamics in the contest for Montana’s at-large congressional seat are very different than those in suburban Atlanta, that race too has become a focus for national Democrats. Ossoff’s strong showing in Georgia is likely to boost energy and fundraising for Rob Quist, the Democratic candidate in the special election there. Just as a surprisingly strong showing for a Democrat in a bright red congressional district in Kansas in early April boosted interest in Ossoff, his performance will help in Montana.
But Ossoff’s result will also have an effect on dynamics on Capitol Hill. Some 23 Republicans hold districts that were won by Hillary Clinton; these are disproportionately prosperous, well-educated and suburban, just like Georgia’s sixth. Even if Ossoff does not pull off a victory in the June runoff, the mere fact that his performance roughly mirrored Clinton’s against Trump is a warning sign to those Republican members of the vulnerable position Trump has placed them in – particularly if Trump’s dismal favorability ratings do not significantly improve. For these members, it doesn’t particularly matter that Ossoff didn’t win. It does matter greatly that he not only matched Hillary Clinton in the district but exceeded her share of the vote by just over one percentage point.
In the short term, the Georgia runoff is likely to be long-drawn-out battle. Both candidates will be amply funded and both present unique vulnerabilities. The 30-year-old Ossoff will face continued scrutiny over the fact that he does not live in the district and about his relatively opaque stances on a number of issues that Republicans, including the president on Twitter, have used to attack him as liberal.
However, his opponent, Karen Handel, is a veteran Georgia politician who had previously lost two statewide primaries for governor and US senator before making it to the congressional runoff on Tuesday night with just under 20% of the vote. She has long been a lightning rod for controversy and came to national attention during her stint at the Susan G Komen for the Cure breast cancer charity when she forced the group to defund Planned Parenthood. Handel was forced to resign in the uproar that followed and the group quickly reversed its position.
The result is that in a divided, highly energized electorate each side will try to motivate its base. Democrats will tie Handel to Trump and try use the specter of Planned Parenthood to win over suburban women while Republicans will paint Ossoff as a leftwinger who will be a knee jerk supporter of Nancy Pelosi. It will be expensive, it will be ugly and it will be close. 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump has been in office for just a week, but Republican attempts to rip up and reassemble the American healthcare system have subsided into disagreement, backtracking and public outrage.
At a GOP retreat in Philadelphia this week, audio of a closed-door policy session captured disagreement among rank-and-file members over how to reform the Affordable Care Act (ACA), known to many as Obamacare. Some worried that the party was about to “pull the rug out” from people, potentially leaving millions without any insurance at all.
In Washington, the White House was forced to abandon part of a plan to end all advertisements warning Americans about an approaching enrollment deadline.
And in Minnesota, a Republican plan to make 68 “essential health benefits” optional under a reformed healthcare provision was left out of legislation, after a public outcry.
On his arrival in the Oval Office, Trump signed an executive order to begin the unraveling of the ACA, instructing federal agencies to take any measures available to “ease the burdens of Obamacare”. Developments since highlight the political minefield Republicans have created for themselves, particularly after Trump, consistently inconsistent, promised both “insurance for everyone” and ACA repeal.
The leaked recording from Philadelphia revealed how some party members worried about political fallout, according to the Washington Post.
“We’re telling those people that we’re not going to pull the rug out from under them,” said Tom MacArthur of New Jersey. “And if we do this too fast, we are in fact going to pull the rug out from under them.”
Though Republicans have produced several plans to replace Barack Obama’s signature healthcare reform, no plan has emerged as a frontrunner. Senators Susan Collins and Bill Cassidy; the House speaker, Paul Ryan; and Representative Tom Price, Trump’s nominee for secretary of health and human services; have all introduced their thoughts.
Over the weekend, the Trump administration was forced to stop attempts to pull $5m in taxpayer-funded advertisements that encourage people to sign up for health insurance under the ACA before a 31 January deadline.
Alarmed, many people, including celebrities, posted their own advertisements online, protesting and warning fellow Americans. About $4m in ads were pulled, Politico reported. Emails, messages, ads on Twitter and automated calls will continue.
Republicans in Minnesota also did a quick about-face following outrage over a legislative amendment that would have allowed insurers to sell policies under which benefits such as maternity coverage would be optional.
Widely circulated text of the amendment showed that maternity care, mental healthcare and addiction treatment would be covered “a la carte”. All are key areas of health coverage included in all health plans under the ACA.
Andy Slavitt, former head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid under Obama, has become a passionate public voice in defense of the ACA.
He said: “Every time I hear someone – some male congressman or assembly person – say, ‘Why should I have to pay for maternity coverage?’, it just makes me want to think about, ‘Well, you were born, weren’t you? Didn’t your mother need maternity coverage?’” 
Minnesota Republicans pitched their attack on health benefits as an issue of “personal freedom”, meant to allow “choice” of lower-cost healthcare for people who believe they don’t need, for example, mental healthcare or addiction treatment. The bill was reportedly pulled after dozens of outraged phone calls and emails to the state legislature.
Before the amendment was pulled, sponsor Steve Drazkowski claimed that he “received hundreds of compliments from people”, though notably few from “the special interest groups who have really amalgamated around government”.
“Many of them are not interested in this,” he said.



ARTICLE
The justice department has urged a federal court to reinstate Donald Trump’s controversial travel ban, insisting that national security is at stake.
After a lower court judge blocked the president’s executive order suspending travel from seven majority-Muslim countries on Friday night, lawyers filed a brief with a federal appeals court on Monday evening.
The court scheduled oral arguments for 6pm eastern time on Tuesday. It was not immediately clear when it might issue a ruling. The battle could go all the way to the supreme court.
“The Executive Order is a lawful exercise of the President’s authority over the entry of aliens into the United States and the admission of refugees,” the department lawyers said in their submission to the San Francisco-based ninth circuit court of appeals.
The filing warns the courts against taking “the extraordinary step of second-guessing a formal national-security judgment made by the President himself pursuant to broad grants of statutory authority”.
It adds: “The potential national-security risks and harms resulting from the compelled application of procedures that the President has determined must be reexamined, for the purpose of ensuring an adequate measure of protection for the Nation, cannot be undone. Nor can the effect on our constitutional separation of powers.”
Trump faces his third full week in office having to fight a legal battle on the constitutionality of one of his signature actions and an unprecedented struggle to force one of his senior cabinet nominees through a deadlocked vote in the Senate.
Last Friday district court judge James Robart halted a 90-day ban on residents of seven Muslim-majority countries as well as a freeze in refugee admission. On Monday, the policy faced new, stark criticism in court documents. Lawyers representing the states of Washington and Minnesota explicitly called the measure “anti-Muslim” and derided attempts to do otherwise as “a sham”.
“Here, the sham of a secular purpose is exposed by both the language of the Order and Defendants’ expressions of anti-Muslim intent,” wrote the lawyers in a 32-page brief.
Even more virulent language was used in a brief submitted by 10 former government officials including former secretaries of state Madeleine Albright and John Kerry, and Michael Hayden, the former leader of the NSA and CIA under George W Bush. They accused the executive order of undermining the war on terror and the constitution itself.
Using another acronym for Islamic State, they argued: “It will aid ISIL’s propaganda effort and serve its recruitment message by feeding into the narrative that the United States is at war with Islam.”
They added: “Blanket bans of certain countries or classes of people are beneath the dignity of the nation and Constitution that we each took oaths to protect.”
At the same time, leading technology companies including Apple, Google, Microsoft, Facebook, Twitter, eBay, Netflix and Uber were among the signatories to a legal brief from companies including Levi Strauss, filed on Sunday. “The order represents a significant departure from the principles of fairness and predictability that have governed the immigration system of the United States for more than 50 years,” the brief stated.
In the immediate aftermath of Trump’s signing of the order 10 days ago, airports saw large protests as travellers with valid visas were stopped from entering the country.
White House sources including the president have insisted only 109 people were affected and said most were merely delayed. Government figures for the number of visas revoked worldwide before the ban was suspended ranged from 60,000 to 100,000.
The initial decision by Robart, a judge appointed by George W Bush, to block much of the order led to outraged tweets by Trump throughout the weekend, as he spent three nights at his Florida mansion.
Trump seemed to indicate that Robart should bear the blame for any terrorist attack in the future. “Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!” wrote the president.
The justice department, which is currently led by temporary appointee Dana Boente after acting attorney general Sally Yates was fired for refusing to defend the travel ban, had until Monday evening to file a response.
The case is expected to eventually end up in the supreme court, which has had a vacant seat for almost a year after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia in February 2016. Although Trump has nominated Neil Gorsuch, a federal circuit judge, to replace Scalia, Gorsuch may not be confirmed to the court before any ruling on a Muslim ban would be made.
The aggressive legal challenge Trump faces comes as his new administration is bogged down in a confirmation battle in the Senate. Billionaire Republican mega donor Betsy DeVos’s nomination to be education secretary is on a knife-edge after two Republican senators said they could not support her.
Although DeVos, an ardent supporter of charter schools, was not considered to be among Trump’s most controversial cabinet nominees when first selected, she now seems the most likely to lose a confirmation fight. DeVos stumbled throughout her confirmation hearings, suggesting a need for guns in schools to kill grizzly bears and seeming unprepared for many policy questions. 
Her poor performance combined with ardent lobbying by teachers’ unions has led to a backlash, which has included Republican senators Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins joining a unified Democratic caucus in opposing her nomination.
The result is a Senate currently split 50-50 on the nomination. Barring any last-minute defections, the tie would need to be broken by Vice-President Mike Pence on Tuesday in his constitutional role as Senate president, the first time a vice-president has had to break a tie for a cabinet nomination.
Trump was making one of his first outings in his constitutional role as commander-in-chief on Monday when he visits MacDill air force base in Tampa, Florida. The president – who was returning home from a weekend at his Mar-a-Lago resort, where he spent time at his Trump international golf course and attended a Super Bowl party – received a briefing from US central command, which oversees military operations in the Middle East and north Africa and is based at MacDill.
The meeting came just days after the first military casualty of the Trump administration, in a botched raid by US special forces in Yemen. Petty officer William “Ryan” Owens, a Navy Seal, was killed in the operation, which targeted a suspected al-Qaida base. The raid may have also resulted in the death of an eight-year-old American citizen, Nawar al-Awlaki, the daughter of alleged al-Qaida leader Anwar al-Awlaki, who was killed in a 2011 drone strike.
The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, has repeatedly characterized the raid, which was approved by Trump in a dinner meeting that included his son-in-law Jared Kushner and controversial political adviser Steve Bannon, as “a success”.
Trump opened his address to troops at the air base by saying: “We had a wonderful election, didn’t we?”, before attacking the “dishonest media” whom he claimed, without evidence, were deliberately not reporting on some terrorist attacks in Europe. He expressed support for Nato but criticised members who had not paid “their fair share”.
“Many of them have not been doing that, many of them have not been even close and they have to do that,” Trump said. Turning to Isis, he added: “Today we deliver a message in very unified force, to these forces of death and destruction, America and its allies: we will defeat you. We will defeat them. We will defeat radical Islamic terrorism, and we are not going to allow it to take root in this country. We need strong programs so that people that love us and want to love our country and will end up loving our country are allowed in, not people that want to destroy us and destroy our country.”
Trump is also facing new foreign policy challenges as John Bercow, the speaker of the House of Commons in the UK, made clear on Monday that the president would not be extended an invitation to address Parliament on any state visit. “We value our relationship with the US,” Bercow told the House of Commons.
“If a state visit takes place, that is way beyond the pay grade of the Speaker. However, as far as this place is concerned, I feel very strongly that our opposition to racism and to sexism, and our support for equality before the law and an independent judiciary, are important considerations in the House of Commons.”
The White House did not respond to a request for comment on Bercow’s statement.



ARTICLE
When Anjelique Wadlington was arrested at 17 after her older boyfriend persuaded her to sell some cocaine, she expected repercussions.
What she didn’t expect was being sent to an adult prison in upstate New York where she witnessed fellow inmates being slashed and gang-raped by other women.
“A girl tried to cut me and another woman would stalk me in the shower. As long as it wasn’t a big fight breaking out, the guards didn’t care,” she said, before a fellow inmate serving time for murder decided to protect her.
Wadlington came home to Long Island at 19 and tried to get her life together, but soon faced the disappointment of being turned down for job after job because of her felony record, even though she interviewed well.
If she had been punished as the juvenile she was, she would have had a sealed youth offender record afterwards, not an adult criminal record.
New York is one of only two states in the US that automatically charges 16- and 17-year-olds as adults. The other is North Carolina. But that is about to change. 
North Carolina governor Roy Cooper last month threw his weight behind efforts to change the law in that state.
And on Sunday New York approved legislation in the state budget to raise the age of criminal responsibility to 18.
Governor Andrew Cuomo said the reform “was a lightning rod, politically polarizing and probably the most difficult part of the budget”.
Opponents in Albany, led by Republicans but with some renegade Democrats, had argued that changing the process would waste money, overload the juvenile system and threaten the public.
“What you call ‘raise the age’, I call the gang recruitment act,” Republican assemblyman Al Graf said during debates.
But in rallying support for the legislation, Cuomo said: “Putting aside the fact that psychologists will testify that 16- and 17-year-olds often are not mentally mature, the reality of putting a 16- or 17-year-old in the same facility as hardened adult criminals is, on its face, cruel and unusual.
“We know what happens,” he said, alluding to research on juveniles in adult facilities. “[They] are five times more likely to be sexually assaulted, twice as likely to be assaulted by staff, and 36 more times likely to commit suicide.”
Even now, at 31, Wadlington is struggling to land a new job in Florida, where she wants to move from New York, because she is followed wherever she goes by an indelible criminal record. This is despite having built up her resume with a job as an office manager, and experience giving talks at the White House and the United Nations about youth justice.
The justice system helped take her away from drugs, for which she is grateful, she said, but the harsh and public nature of being punished as an adult was detrimental in the short and longer term, she believes.
“When I came home from prison, it felt like everything was broken. I did such damage to my family, put a strain on my parents’ marriage and made my mom’s heart and diabetes problems worse,” she said.
Kelvin Lazaro, who spent time in jail for fighting in Brooklyn just before his 16th birthday, said he felt that most opponents of raising the age of criminal responsibility “have never been affected or had their family affected by the system. They can’t feel what others are going through, so they think it’s just not their problem”.
He said that younger teenagers should never end up in Rikers Island and adult prisons. New York City mayor Bill de Blasio last week announced his intention to close down the vast Rikers jail complex, which is notorious for an entrenched culture of violence.
Lazaro, now 28, vividly remembers being beaten up by fellow inmates because he was the new boy.
He later took part in the New York-based Herstory Writers Project, where he wrote that, as Inmate 36, “I never felt more alone in my life”, stuck in his cell for 22 hours a day with “no books, no paper, no pen, nothing to pass the time”.
He eventually pled to a reduced charge and was released on probation but found that, returning to Brooklyn, he was constantly afraid or angry, and stayed at home, missing school.
“I was already labeled a criminal in my neighborhood and at school. At that age, when someone tells you something over and over, that’s what you believe you are and then you become it,” he said.
He went out only at night, to the streets, and fell straight back in with the gangs that dominated his area.
The Raise the Age NY campaign, a coalition of advocacy and civil rights groups, said 28,000 16- and 17-year-olds face being prosecuted as adults in the state every year, the vast majority for minor crimes, according to state government statistics.
Under the new system, those cases will be dealt with in family court and new youth courts, and the teens will be be housed in juvenile detention, not adult prison or jail. The changes will take effect over several years.
When Lazaro broke the terms of his probation for the second time, he was offered a long-term education and social rehabilitation course.
He belatedly got his GED, then his bachelor’s degree in 2015 and is now working as a truck driver for a demolition company, saving up to study for a master’s degree.
In the event he achieves his masters, Lazaro wants to be a social worker, helping juveniles at risk.
“I lost some years of my life back there,” he said.



ARTICLE
The White House has sown further confusion about Donald Trump’s accusations of wiretapping against his predecessor, Barack Obama.
At a briefing on Wednesday, press secretary Sean Spicer initially said “we need to find out” if the president is the subject of an investigation, then subsequently sought to clarify that there is “no reason” to believe he is.
Reports emerged on the Heat Street website in November, and the BBC in January, that secret court orders were issued as part of a justice department inquiry into Russian efforts to intervene in the election on Trump’s behalf. 
Asked directly if the president is the target of a counterintelligence investigation, Spicer replied: “I think that’s what we need to find out. There was considerable concern last cycle when a reporter was the target of one. But part of the reason we have asked the House and Senate to look into this is because of that.”
The reporter that Spicer referred to is presumably Fox News’s James Rosen, who was investigated by the justice department in 2013 with court order authorisation. Rosen’s emails were scanned but he has said he was not wiretapped.
Trump’s administration has been dogged by reports of contacts between his associates and Moscow. His national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was forced to resign after giving a misleading account of his conversations with the Russian ambassador to the US.
Spicer insisted the suspicions are baseless. “It was interesting if you look at last week all of a sudden these stories that keep coming out about the president and his links to Russia,” he said. “It has continued to be the same old, same old, played over and over again. The president has made clear he has no interests in Russia and yet a lot of these stories that come out with respect to that are frankly fake.”
But a journalist at the briefing refused to let him pursue this tangent, returning to the initial question: “He doesn’t know whether he is the target of a programme?”
Spicer replied: “I think that’s one of the issues that we have asked the House and Senate to look into.”
Once more the press secretary pivoted to a denial of any connections between Trump and Russia. “All of the people that have been briefed on this situation have come to the same conclusion,” he said. “It’s a recycled story over and over and over again.”
The journalist tried again: “Are you saying that there’s a possibility he is the target of a counterintelligence probe involving Russia, because you just connected those two?”
Spicer said: “I don’t – no, no, I think what I’m saying is there is a difference between that narrative and then the narrative that has been perpetuated over and over again. The concern the president has, and why he’s asked the Senate and House intelligence committees to look into this, is to get to the bottom of what may or may not have occurred during the 2016 election.”
The question and answer session moved on to different subjects, including an erroneous tweet that Trump issued about prisoners released from Guantánamo Bay. But just as the briefing was about to wind up, Spicer appeared to look down at the lectern, possibly at a message.
“I just want to be really clear on one point which is there is no reason that we have to think that the president is the target of any investigation whatsoever,” he said. “There is no reason to believe that he is the target of any investigation. I think that’s a very important point to make.
“The one question dealt with whether or not – the tweet dealt with wiretaps during the thing; the other is an investigation. They are two separate issues and there is no reason to believe there is any type of investigation with respect to the Department of Justice.”
Trump accused Obama of wiretapping during a series of tweets fired off early on Saturday morning. On Sunday, Obama’s director of national intelligence denied that there had been any wiretapping of Trump and indicated there had not been a secret court order, though not conclusively.
Earlier in Wednesday’s briefing, Spicer also condemned the publication of nearly 9,000 pages of CIA files by WikiLeaks, though he declined to confirm their authenticity. “This is the kind of disclosure that undermines our security, our country and our wellbeing,” he said. “This alleged leak should concern every single American.”
Trump praised the anti-secrecy site during last year’s election, declaring “I love WikiLeaks” as it continued to dump emails from Hillary Clinton campaign’s manager. But Spicer said there was a “massive, massive difference” between an individual Gmail account and classified information that threatens national security.
“Anybody who leaks classified information will be held to the highest degree of law,” he added.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump on Tuesday signed an executive order aimed at unraveling one of Barack Obama’s signature environmental policies designed to protect American waterways from pollution.
The president’s move marked the first step toward fulfilling his pledge on the campaign trail to roll back Obama-era regulations, which include a 2015 rule designed to curb the flow of pollution into major bodies of water, wetlands and ponds by expanding the requirement of permits to pursue any actions that might cause them harm.
Trump, who cannot simply repeal the entire rule with the stroke of a pen, declared Obama’s policy “a massive power grab” and ordered the Environmental Protection Agency to formally review it. The action also bolstered the position of Trump’s new EPA chief, Scott Pruitt, who wishes to dismantle the rule and sued the Obama administration over it in 2015 while serving as the attorney general of Oklahoma.
Republicans have long decried all environmental regulations enacted under Obama as “overreach” and vowed to overturn them. The clean water rule has been particularly controversial among farming and ranching groups, who lobbied against it, claiming it provided the federal government with too much control and potentially exposed them to litigation for taking actions affecting even the smallest bodies of water. 
The Obama administration and environmental groups had championed the rule as a necessary step in securing streams and wetlands that are connected to sources that provide roughly one-third of Americans with drinking water.
Trump also signed several other actions Tuesday, including a bill to roll back Barack Obama’s policy that barred certain mentally ill people from owning guns. The bill was criticized by many progressives, but mental health and violence experts told the Guardian members of Congress were right to roll back the rule.
Trump also signed an executive order billed by his administration as an effort to boost historically black colleges and universities, one day after the president gathered with representatives of 64 of the country’s 100 institutions known as HBCUs.
Under Trump’s direction, a federal government program established to strengthen and promote HBCUs will move from the Department of Education to the White House.
“With this executive order, we will make HBCUs a priority in the White House, an absolute priority,” Trump said upon its signing. “Historically black colleges and universities are incredibly important institutions, woven into the fabric of our history, just about like no other.”
Dozens of HBCU presidents descended upon Washington this week as part of a push to secure as much as $25bn in funding from a forthcoming budget that will be debated by Congress. Leaders from HBCUs, who met with Trump at the White House on Monday, said they were seeking financial support to tackle issues ranging from infrastructure to student loans.
Trump was backed by just 8% of African Americans in November’s election, and his administration’s commitment to civil rights has been met with skepticism. 
Betsy DeVos, the new education secretary, sparked controversy on Monday for issuing a statement that dubbed HBCUs as “real pioneers when it comes to school choice” – her preferred direction for education policy in America. Her comments were swiftly criticized for glossing over the reality that HBCUs were founded during the era of racial segregation, when laws prohibiting African Americans from attending schools left them with no choice but to establish their own. 
In the wake of the uproar, DeVos made a more concerted effort to acknowledge the barriers to education faced by African Americans while addressing a luncheon with HBCU leaders in Washington on Tuesday.
“Bucking [the] status quo, and providing an alternative option to students denied the right to attend a quality school, is the legacy of HBCUs,” DeVos said.
“But your history was born not out of mere choice, but out of necessity, in the face of racism, and in the aftermath of the civil war.”



ARTICLE
When in the course of human events it becomes necessary to visit a tiny records office in southern England because it claims to have a copy of the Declaration of Independence, a decent respect for history requires investigation. 
On Friday two Harvard University researchers announced they had found a parchment copy of the declaration, only the second parchment manuscript copy known to exist besides the one kept in the National Archives in Washington DC. Professor Danielle Allen and researcher Emily Sneff presented their findings on the document, known as “The Sussex Declaration”, at a conference at Yale on Friday, and published initial research online.
Sneff found her first clue of the manuscript in August 2015, while compiling records for a university database. “I was just looking for copies of the Declaration of Independence in British archives,” Sneff told the Guardian. 
But the listing, for the West Sussex record office, struck Sneff as odd because it mentioned parchment, a material suggesting a document made for a special occasion and not simply a broadside copy.
“I reached out to them a bit skeptically,” Sneff said. “The description was a little vague but once we saw an image and talked to a conservator we started to get excited.”
Before Sneff asked, the British officials had never taken a close look at the manuscript. They had received it in 1956 from a local man, who worked with a law firm that represented the dukes of Richmond. “The closer we looked at it there were just things that made it a clearly unique and mysterious document,” Sneff said.
Allen and Sneff first tried to deduce when and where the manuscript was made by analyzing handwriting, spelling errors and parchment styles and preparation. They concluded it dated to the 1780s, and was produced in America, most likely in New York or Philadelphia. 
Their next question proved more difficult: who was the man behind the parchment? Allen and Sneff believe the leading candidate was James Wilson, a Pennsylvania delegate to the continental congress, one of six men to sign both the declaration and constitution, and, later, one of the original supreme court justices. The researchers argue that Wilson, who argued vociferously for a popularly-elected president and separation of powers, played a more influential role in American history than most historians have recognized.
The clue that led them to Wilson, Sneff said, was a stark anomaly on the manuscript compared to its counterpart in Washington DC and later copies: “The names of the signers are all scrambled.”
Unlike previously known copies of the declaration, which have signatures grouped by states, the Sussex copy has its signatures in a patterned jumble. Sneff and Allen hypothesize that the appearance of randomness was deliberate and symbolic, part of a nationalist argument that the United States was founded by citizens, each created equal, and not by a looser confederation of states.
Wilson drew the researchers’ attention, Sneff said, because he repeatedly “invoked the declaration but with the understanding that the declaration was signed by one community, one group of individuals, that they were not enumerated by states.”
Michael Meranze, a professor of the revolutionary era at the University of California Los Angeles, called the evidence behind the manuscript’s 1780s American origin “very persuasive”, and the Wilson hypothesis “plausible” if uncertain.
“There was a huge debate over the constitution, about whether it was a compact of states or of the people,” he said. “Wilson was very much in favor of a nation that claimed its direct roots on popular sovereignty, even if he was simultaneously an elitist in many ways.”
Meranze added that while he also found it convincing that the signatures were disordered deliberately, he cautioned that it was difficult to argue who did so or why without more evidence. “We tend to forget these documents were contested and put to different uses, and not simply monuments,” he said. “It’s a fascinating discovery.”
Sneff and Allen plan to publish their first paper this year in the Papers of the Bibliographical Society of America, and are still working to find more clues about who had the manuscript created. They also face a third confounding riddle: how did it end up in Chichester?
Copies of the declaration made their way to England in the wake of its original 1776 signing, but the Sussex Declaration was made sometime in the next decade, years when America’s leading statesmen were at odds over a post-war financial crisis, an armed uprising and an uncertain constitution. Somehow the manuscript landed in Britain, possibly in the possession of the dukes of Richmond.
Sneff said she is hoping to gain access to the papers of the dukes to trace the declaration’s history, possibly as far back as Charles Lennox, a contemporary of George III who was called “the radical duke” because he supported American colonists in their rebellion against the king and parliament.
“It would be nice to associate this document with the radical duke,” Sneff said.



ARTICLE
Hours before a midnight deadline, Congress averted a government shutdown – at least for now – ensuring that the lights will stay on in Washington as Donald Trump marks his 100th day in office.
But the feat comes with a trade-off. Republicans failed to secure enough votes to advance their healthcare replacement plan despite pressure from the White House to hold a vote on the bill before the symbolic 100-day mark. 
The House of Representatives approved a stopgap spending measure on Friday by a vote of 382 to 30 while negotiators worked to reach an agreement over a longer-term funding package – a deal congressional leaders from both parties say is nearly finalized. The Senate unanimously approved the measure less than a hour later.
The prospect of a shutdown faded earlier this week after Trump softened his demands for money to build a wall along the south-western border and backed off a threat to cease payments for a critical piece of the federal healthcare law, both “non-starters” for Democrats. 
But in a twist on Thursday, Democrats threatened to oppose the short-term spending measure if Republicans succeeded in their an eleventh-hour push to hold a vote on healthcare by the end of the week. 
House Republican leaders worked late into the night on Thursday trying to convince wary moderates to support the revised healthcare bill. Ultimately, they came up short. Emerging from a closed-door meeting on Thursday night, the House majority leader, Kevin McCarthy, told reporters: “We are not voting on healthcare this week.” 
The House speaker, Paul Ryan, tried to downplay the likelihood that the bill would come up for a vote before the end of the week, telling reporters on Thursday morning: “We’re going to go when we have the votes.” Throughout the day, a handful of centrist and moderate Republicans either came out against or expressed a reluctance to support the legislation.
Their failure to deliver for the president on healthcare, however, paved the way for lawmakers to keep the government running. Minority whip Steny Hoyer, a Maryland Democrat, said on Thursday that he would oppose the stopgap funding plan – and threaten a shutdown – if Republicans brought the healthcare bill up for a vote before the end of the week. 
The House minority leader, Nancy Pelosi, described Republicans’ healthcare predicament a “lose-lose-lose situation”. “The minute they cast that vote, they put doo‑doo on their shoe, tattoo on their forehead,” Pelosi said, referring to the healthcare bill. 
For seven years, Republicans promised to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. And as a candidate, Trump promised to repeal Obamacare “on day one”. But Republicans’ failure to craft legislation that wins support from enough members of their own party is evidence of just how tricky it will be to dismantle the 2010 healthcare law. 
Republicans’ first attempt to pass repeal legislation drew fierce criticism from moderates and conservatives. An analysis by the Congressional Budget Office estimated that under the plan 24 million Americans would lose health insurance. 
The new version would allow states to obtain exemptions from certain Obamacare insurance rules, including a requirement that plans cover benefits such as maternity care, mental healthcare and prescription drugs. Protections for individuals with pre-existing conditions would also be at risk under the amendment, with the potential for insurers to charge more for certain enrollees with pre-existing conditions, or those who are older.
The bill has won support from the Freedom Caucus, the group of arch-conservatives who were instrumental in sinking the first effort. But now it’s moderates who Republicans are failing to bring onboard. 
The government was due to run out of money at midnight on Friday. A bipartisan team of negotiators are working on a package that would fund the government through the end of the fiscal year, on 3o September. 
The trillion-dollar budget proposal is expected to include increased funding for border security and defense spending with the understanding that the money is not for the construction of Trump’s wall. 



ARTICLE
The appearance of the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, among an increasing number of Donald Trump associates caught up in the web of ties with Russia raises immediate questions about how the justice department, currently headed by Sessions, will carry out an even-handed investigation of those links.
But Sessions’s sudden immersion in the affair poses much more problematic issues for the Trump administration – there are intricate bonds between one of the president’s earliest campaign supporters and numerous corners of the current presidency.
Sessions’ recusal Thursday from investigations pertaining to the 2016 presidential campaigns was a damaging blow for Trump, who said only an hour earlier that he saw no need for the attorney general to take the extraordinary step, just three weeks after his Senate confirmation.
Trump’s blind spot to Sessions’ potentially compromised status may point to a larger problem. Should Sessions come under increasing pressure to resign, the administration could be faced with the extraction of a central figure, from whom Trump has borrowed staff, policy positions, intellectual direction and popular support.
Unlike the former national security adviser Michael Flynn, the first White House official to be sidelined in the Russia scandal, Sessions is no isolated figure.
And if the Trump administration’s rightwing platform has an ideological foundation, Sessions is its hard core.
In February 2016, Sessions became the first sitting senator to support Trump, joining the candidate onstage at a raucous rally in Madison, Alabama.
The support that Sessions went on to provide behind the scenes became even more significant to Trump’s election, and his presidency. 
Even before Trump launched his presidential bid, Sessions was working with Breitbart, the media outlet then headed by the current White House adviser Stephen Bannon, to build a case for opposing immigration reform in the Senate. 
But if Sessions’s staff and Breitbart’s once mixed on Capitol Hill – every week for happy hour – they now do so inside the White House, and around conference tables where Trump presides. 
Sessions’s longtime chief of staff, Rick Dearborn, became executive director of the presidential transition team and is now deputy chief of staff in the White House. Sessions’s communications director, Stephen Miller, became national policy director for the Trump campaign in January 2016 and is now senior adviser to the president for policy, and a hugely controversial figure for his part in framing the flawed travel ban policy. 
Miller’s national renown grew last month when Trump congratulated him for going on national TV and describing an epidemic of voter fraud in New Hampshire that locals dismissed as an outrageous fiction. 
“When it comes to issues and messaging and policy, there isn’t anybody else that I’ve known that would be as valuable to a presidential campaign as he,” Sessions said of Miller in an interview last year with Politico. “Maybe other than Karl Rove.” 
Sessions has been connected with other Trump figures named in the Russia scandal. Both Paul Manafort, a former campaign chairman, and Carter Page, a New York-based businessman, have been named in leaked reports as targets of investigations of communications between Trump associates and Russian agents. 
Sessions has said he has known Manafort for decades, though the nature of their association is unclear. Asked how Page had gotten to know Trump, an unnamed source pointed Politico toward Dearborn, Sessions’s former chief of staff. 
Brent Buchanan, a Republican political consultant from Sessions’s home state of Alabama, said that the Trump-Sessions fit was natural.
“The reason that Sessions and Trump got along so well is that they’re both plainspoken figures, and you don’t really have to guess what they’re saying,” Buchanan said. “They just put it out there, and they back it up with the fact that they mean it. And so I think that’s what attracted Sessions to Trump initially, and vice versa.”
Sessions’s harmony with Trump goes beyond plainspokenness to shared views on issues. As a senator, Sessions racked up decades of votes establishing his bona fides as a proponent of tough justice, a supporter of law enforcement, an opponent of immigration, even legal immigration, a proponent of voter ID laws and an enemy of marijuana legalization. 
It was that overlap that saw Trump win Alabama handily in the Republican primary contest, where fellow conservative senators and presidential candidates Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio publicly regretted their loss of the coveted Sessions endorsement. 
“He’s revered here,” Buchanan said. “And I think that’s because Alabamians know that Jeff Sessions is a man of his word. They admire his outspokenness on conservative issues. He was a champion against immigration reform 10 years ago.
“He stands up for his values, as opposed to just being politically expedient.”



ARTICLE
Donald Trump appears to be souring on one of his top advisers, dodging a question from the New York Post about his confidence in chief strategist Steve Bannon.
“I like Steve, but you have to remember he was not involved in my campaign until very late,” Trump said Tuesday. “I had already beaten all the senators and all the governors, and I didn’t know Steve. I’m my own strategist.”
 Trump tends to speak in superlatives about his political allies – often deploying words like “tremendous” and “fantastic” to describe them. But his less enthusiastic answer about Bannon comes amid reports of infighting in the Trump White House, all of which place the gruff, irascible Bannon at the center.
Trump concluded his brief interview with the Post with what seemed to be a reference to these disputes, saying: “Steve is a good guy, but I told them to straighten it out or I will.”
A week ago Bannon was also axed from Trump’s national security council. His appointment there during the first couple weeks of Trump’s presidency raised eyebrows, as “advisers” do not traditionally hold such a role. The White House downplayed the significance of the move, but officials close to the situation told the Guardian it was “huge” and “a big deal”.
Reports from Washington have situated Bannon on the losing end of a power struggle with other top Trump confidantes, namely Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law. Bannon, a white nationalist sympathizer and former Breitbart publisher, is thought to be the voice of the “alt-right” in Trump’s administration, while Kushner and his wife, Ivanka Trump, are perceived as more mainstream, and even supposedly liberalizing influences on the president. 
CNN reported that on Thursday at Trump’s Florida Mar-a-Lago Florida retreat, he told the two men: “We gotta work this out” and “Cut it out.” On Friday, Trump’s chief of staff, Reince Priebus, apparently brokered a meeting for the men to try to smooth out some of their differences. Publicly, the White House has played down any notion of a rift.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump returned to familiar territory on Saturday in a bullish campaign-style speech in Pennsylvania to mark his 100 days in office.
In a performance that suggested the US president was still in election mode, he repeated his scathing attacks on the media and his well-worn pledges to build a wall, destroy Islamic State, drain the swamp and revive the military. 
To loud cheers of “USA, USA” from the crowd, he vowed to save American healthcare and repeal “disastrous” Obamacare.
Trump opened the rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania with a dig at the White House Correspondent’s Dinner, which was also taking place on Saturday night, saying it would be “very very boring”.
“There’s a large group of Hollywood actors and Washington media consoling each other in a hotel ballroom in our nation’s capital right now,” he said.
“I could not possibly be more thrilled to be more than 100 miles away from the Washington swamp, spending my evening with all of you and a much, much larger crowd and much better people.”
Trump decided to skip the White House Correspondents’ Dinner, becoming the first US leader to miss the annual event since Ronald Reagan in 1981. 
“They are gathering together for the White House Correspondent’s dinner – without the president,” he said.
The crowd booed every time the president mentioned the media and when Trump said organisations such as CNN and MSNBC broadcast “fake news”. 
In a speech that was more backward-looking than agenda-setting, Trump said the media would get a “big, fat failing grade” for its reporting of his first 100 days in office. In contrast, the president said his administration had been “very exciting and very productive” and that he was “delivering every single day”.
 “We are keeping one promise after another, and frankly the people are really happy about it,” he said.
Trump listed what he said were some of his key early accomplishments, including the successful confirmation to the US supreme court of Justice Neil Gorsuch and clearing away many regulations on the environment and business. 
He also listed his approval of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines, killing a pending Asian trade pact, and enhanced security measures that have led to a sharp decline in illegal border crossings at the southern border. 
He shrugged off his failure to score major legislative victories on his core campaign promises, such as repeal and replacement of the Affordable Care Act and construction of a Mexican border wall. Trump’s ban on visitors from some Muslim nations was blocked in court. 
He blamed Democrats for the legislative failures so far and said all of his promises would be kept eventually. “We’ll build the wall people, don’t even worry about it,” he said. 
At one point a protester, reportedly waving a Russian flag, was taken out of the stadium by police. Trump paused his speech to say “That’s right get em out of here, get em out”.
During a long rumination on the importance of law and order and keeping “illegals” out of the country, Trump recited AI Wilson’s poem The Snake, which he often read out during election rallies. 
There was one notable departure from his election rhetoric, with Trump reversing his hard line on China being a currency manipulator. Citing the support of president Xi Jinping of China in pressuring North Korea over its nuclear ambitions, he said the label he has used in the past was now counterproductive.
“I don’t think right now is the best time to call China a currency manipulator,” he said.”
Trump ended his speech with the rousing promise: “We will make America strong again, we will make American wealthy again, we will make America prosper again, we will make America safe again we will make American great again.”
In another echo of his campaign rallies, Trump left the stage to the Rolling Stones’ You Can’t Always Get What You What.
 



ARTICLE
When the history of Donald Trump’s war with the US intelligence community is written, the name of the conflict’s first casualty is unlikely to be recorded, as the former marine officer is still a serving CIA official.
That marine officer was the CIA’s liaison to the White House, whose duties included bringing relevant White House officials with appropriate security clearance into the loop about covert operations.
 According to current and former White House and intelligence officials, he lost a bureaucratic struggle with his nominal boss, the National Security Council’s controversial intelligence director.
Multiple former colleagues described the former CIA liaison as a consummate professional with no history of infractions. But late one afternoon in mid-March, the retired marine was abruptly informed that his services were no longer needed and he ought not to come to work the next day. Co-workers were shocked at a display that seemed designed to humiliate him.
“It was the most disrespectful thing they could have done,” said a White House official familiar with the incident. “He’s a good man. What happened to him was fucked up.”
Over a month later, the CIA has not sent a replacement liaison to the White House, though there are other agency officials on loan there. The ex-liaison has not been accused of any crime or abuse and has returned to the CIA.
The liaison’s removal, first reported by the Washington Post, followed a clash with Ezra Cohen-Watnick, the 30-year-old intelligence director on the NSC staff, to whom he reported. 
Cohen-Watnick was a junior case officer at the Defense Intelligence Agency, where he caught the eye of Michael Flynn, the ex-DIA director and first national security adviser to Trump. When Flynn came to the White House, Cohen-Watnick was among the Flynn deputies whom career national security staff came to view as a clique – derisively known in intelligence circles as the “Flynnstones”. For their part, the so-called Flynnstones viewed the career staff as Obama loyalists, and excluded many of them from national security decision-making.
When Flynn’s downfall came, owing to the way he misled Vice-President Mike Pence over contacts with the Russian ambassador, his ultimate replacement the current national security adviser, HR McMaster, sought to oust Cohen-Watnick. The CIA, which Trump had for months disparaged, distrusted Flynn and was uncomfortable with Cohen-Watnick remaining as an intermediary between Langley and the White House. 
But McMaster lost out to Cohen-Watnick, who persuaded strategist Steve Bannon and Jared Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law, to protect him. A Newsweek profile reported that Cohen-Watnick’s parents have ties to Kushner, an added asset for Flynn.
“They hate him. They absolutely despise him,” a former senior intelligence official said of the CIA’s view of Cohen-Watnick.
The CIA declined comment for this story and the White House did not respond to a request for comment.
Cohen-Watnick’s moment of prominence came in late March, when he was exposed as a channel for information used by the House intelligence committee chairman, Devin Nunes, another Flynn ally, to distract from an investigation into Russia’s connections with Trump affiliates. A key figure in that investigation is Flynn, who received tens of thousands of dollars for a speech in Moscow from RT, a news channel the CIA considers an adjunct of official Russian propaganda.
Reportedly, Cohen-Watnick provided Nunes with documents purporting to show improper surveillance on Trump’s allies, an allegation Nunes made while obscuring that the narrative, politically convenient for the White House, emerged from the White House itself. Nunes later reluctantly recused himself when the revelation of White House involvement sparked a political outcry. Subsequently, both Democrats and Republicans who viewed the documents considered them anodyne, a far cry from Nunes and Trump’s portrayals. 
Some sources considered the removal of the CIA liaison to be an act of retaliation for the attempt to get Cohen-Watnick off the NSC. The episode occurred in mid-March, before Nunes made his allegations.
Other sources pointed to attempts by the former CIA liaison to stop Cohen-Watnick from taking actions which a White House official declined to describe substantively but characterized as appearing to “operationalize” the NSC.
In US national security circles, that term evokes the idea of using the NSC to perform secret or sensitive operations as a backchannel around both Congress, which does not review the NSC, and agencies such as the CIA which would be likely to object. The issue arose during the Iran-contra scandal, when marine lieutenant colonel Oliver North, an NSC official in Ronald Reagan’s White House, sold Iran weapons to fund anti-communist guerrillas in Nicaragua against Congress’s express orders. 
The former senior intelligence official said Cohen-Watnick had committed “serious protocol violations”. Among them were appearing to take responsibilities for certain covert programs away from the CIA and communicating with lower-level intelligence officials outside of established channels that ensure intelligence chiefs and deputies are aware of White House requests and concerns.
Intentionally or not, sources said, Cohen-Watnick created a perception of the White House bypassing intelligence chiefs – right as Trump was tweeting his disapproval of US intelligence, which he considered to be on a politicized witch-hunt to tie him to the Kremlin.
“On a procedural level, it would be odd for a senior director to reach down into the bowels of intelligence agencies. There’s a chain of command to go through,” said a different former senior intelligence official.
The removal of the CIA liaison had immediate consequences, sources said. Among the liaison’s tasks were providing visibility for NSC officials into classified programs. That process stalled in the first weeks after the liaison returned to the CIA, but has since been sorted out. 
In recent weeks, as McMaster has accrued power at the expense of both the Flynn loyalists supporters and Bannon, the White House war with the intelligence agencies has waned. Last week Mike Pompeo made his first speech as CIA director, and insisted to his Washington thinktank audience that the agency and the president had turned a corner in their relationship. 
But it may be an unsteady equilibrium, particularly as the inquiries into Russia progress. Cohen-Watnick remains in his job. 
Two weeks after his forced dismissal, several colleagues threw a going-away party for the retired marine officer at the Army-Navy Club on Farragut Square, a few blocks from the White House. At least a dozen NSC staffers attended to fete the now-ex CIA liaison. 



ARTICLE
Further chipping away at his predecessor’s legacy, Donald Trump has signed legislation that lets states deny federal family planning money to Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers. 
 Trump’s action erases a rule, finalized shortly before Barack Obama left office in January, that said states could not block the money. It’s the latest Obama regulation that Trump has overturned. 
Undoing the prohibition also gives Republicans and anti-abortion groups a victory after House Republicans failed to agree last month on a bill they had sought for years to overhaul the healthcare system. The failed House bill, which Trump supported, would have blocked federal money for Planned Parenthood for a year, in addition to repealing portions of Obama’s 2010 health law.
Federal law already prohibits government money for abortion, except in cases of rape or incest, or to save a woman’s life. 
The rule rescinded by Trump required state and local governments to distribute federal dollars for family planning services, including contraception, sexually transmitted diseases, fertility, pregnancy care and breast and cervical cancer screening, to qualified health providers, irrespective of whether the providers also performed abortions. 
Republicans and abortion opponents said the new law will let states divert money now going to groups that perform abortions to organizations that do not.
Democrats and abortion rights advocates said it represented an attack on women. 
Seema Verma, who oversees Medicare and Medicaid, said after Trump signed the bill in the Oval Office that the administration wants states to decide what’s best for them and the people they serve. 
Marjorie Dannenfelser, president of the anti-abortion group Susan B Anthony List, said the change will lead to better care for women and girls. She said the law “simply ensures that states are not forced to fund an abortion business with taxpayer dollars”. She said states will now have the option to spend federal family planning funds on comprehensive healthcare clinics. 
Stephanie Schriock, president of Emily’s List, which supports Democratic female candidates for public office who support abortion, said the bill is another example of politicians chipping away at women’s rights and making it harder for the less fortunate to get healthcare. 
 “We won’t stand for it,” Schriock said. 
Dawn Laguens, executive vice-president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America, said the administration should build on the progress that’s been made “instead of enacting policies that take us backward”.
The measure narrowly cleared the Senate in late March after Republican senator Johnny Isakson from Georgia, who had been absent while recovering from spinal surgery, returned to Washington to vote, bringing the tally to 50-50 in the 100-member chamber. 
Vice-President Mike Pence, in his constitutional role as president of the Senate, cast the tie-breaking vote. 



ARTICLE
The absence of three men hovered over the White House rose garden on Monday as Neil Gorsuch was sworn in as the 113th justice of the US supreme court.
One was Antonin Scalia, the conservative justice whose death 14 months ago created an abrupt vacancy on the court. Another was Merrick Garland, the judge who stood on the same spot in March last year as Barack Obama issued a dire warning that if Republicans blocked his nomination it would imperil American democracy.
The third missing man was Mitch McConnell, the Republican majority leader in the Senate, who ignored Obama’s words and took an audacious gamble. It paid off when Trump won the presidential election and put forward Gorsuch instead, but the long-term consequences for democracy are unknown.
“Although he could not be here today, I especially want to express our gratitude to Senator Mitch McConnell for all he did to make this achievement possible,” Trump told a gathering that included Scalia’s widow, Maureen, and every sitting supreme court justice. “So thank you, Mitch.”
McConnell not only refused to grant Garland a hearing, contending that it was an election year and the next president should get to fill the vacant supreme court seat, but last week he also triggered the so-called “nuclear option” to change Senate rules when Democrats refused to give Gorsuch an up-or-down vote. 
This bitter partisanship, and the potential damage to the Senate, was studiously ignored during Monday’s 15-minute ceremony, and there was no reference to Garland. Instead, basking in sunshine, Trump was eager to seize on what he hopes will be the biggest boost to his rocky presidency so far.
“Spring is really the perfect backdrop for this joyful gathering of friends, because, together, we are in a process of reviewing and renewing, and also rebuilding, our country,” he declared from the lectern. “A new optimism is sweeping across our land, and a new faith in America is filling our hearts and lifting our sights.”
He added: “I’ve always heard that the most important thing that a president of the United States does is appoint people – hopefully great people like this appointment – to the United States supreme court. And I can say this is a great honour. And I got it done in the first 100 days – that’s even nice.”
There was laughter as he asked: “You think that’s easy?”
But for all the bombast and irreverence of his campaign and early presidency, there are occasions such as this when even Trump has to follow protocol and ceremony. He acknowledged the “incredible wisdom” of the founding fathers in creating the separation of powers and looked on as the oath was administered in time honoured fashion.
In nominating Gorsuch, the president said he fulfilled a campaign pledge to pick someone in the mould of Scalia, who spent three decades on the court with a similar originalist approach to the law, interpreting the constitution according to the meaning understood by those who drafted it. 
Trump praised Gorsuch, 49, a former appeals court judge from Colorado, as a jurist who will rule “not on his personal preferences but based on a fair and objective reading of the law”.
The president said Americans would see in Gorsuch “a man who is deeply faithful to the constitution of the United States” and added: “I have no doubt you will go down as one of the truly great justices in the history of the United States supreme court.”
Gorsuch was sworn in during the ceremony by justice Anthony Kennedy, for whom he once served as a law clerk. He rested his left hand on a Bible held by his British wife, Louise, whom he then embraced warmly as Trump applauded enthusiastically. It was the second of two oaths; the first was conducted privately in the justices’ conference room by chief justice John Roberts.
In remarks in the rose garden, Gorsuch said he was humbled by his ascendance to the nation’s high court and thanked his former law clerks, telling them: “Your names are etched in my heart forever”.
“This process has reminded me just how outrageously blessed I am in my law clerks, and my family, and my friends,” he said. “And I hope that I may continue to rely on each of you as I face this new challenge.”
Turning to Scalia’s widow, he said: “To the Scalia family, I won’t ever forget that the seat I inherit today is that of a very, very great man.”
Gorsuch, watched by his daughters Emma and Bindi, promised to be a “faithful servant of the constitution and laws of this great nation”.
Matt Schlapp, chairman of the American Conservative Union, was among those present. Garland is “a footnote to history”, he said afterwards. “I’m sure his friends wish everything had turned out differently but the fact is presidents get to make these appointments in consultation with the Senate and it wasn’t to be.”
Schlapp described Monday’s ceremony as as a “huge” boost for Trump’s presidency. “I don’t think you can amplify it enough.”
The location of the swearing-in marked a departure from recent precedent. The two supreme court justices successfully nominated by Barack Obama, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan, were both sworn in publicly at the Supreme Court. 
Former justice John Paul Stevens has argued that holding the public ceremony at the court helps drive home the justice’s independence from the White House, the Associated Press reported.
Gorsuch will be seated just in time to hear one of the most significant cases of the term: a religious rights dispute over a Missouri law that bars churches from receiving public funds for general aid programmes.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump offered auto executives the carrot and the stick on Tuesday, promising to reduce “out of control” environmental regulation while threatening tariffs on those who build cars abroad.
In a boardroom-style meeting with the General Motors CEO, Mary Barra; the Ford head, Mark Fields; and the Fiat Chrysler boss, Sergio Marchionne, Trump said he wanted “regulation that means something” and that companies looking to build new factories in the US would find his administration “hospitable”.
“They can’t get their environmental permit over something that nobody ever heard of before,” Trump said. “I am to a large extent an environmentalist, I believe in it, but it’s out of control.”
Trump has attacked all the major car companies over plans to import vehicles, particularly from Mexico, for sale in the US. Ahead of Detroit’s annual auto show earlier this month, Trump singled out GM.
“General Motors is sending Mexican-made model of Chevy Cruze to US car dealers-tax free across border. Make in USA or pay big border tax!” Trump warned via Twitter. 
“We have a very big push on to have auto plants and other plants, many other plants, you’re not being singled out, Mary, believe me” – he said, indicating Barra – “but to have a lot of plants, a lot of different items built in the United States. It’s happening, it’s happening big league. We had Whirlpool up yesterday.
“You’re going to find us to be from very inhospitable to extremely hospitable,” Trump said.
As soon as he was inaugurated on Friday, Trump ordered the heads of every executive-branch department and agency to stop sending new regulation to the Federal Register. On Monday, Trump announced a hiring freeze, drawing the ire of union leaders.
Private industry remains friendly to Trump: Barra attended his inauguration, and Fields praised the president for withdrawing from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a complex multilateral trade deal between 12 countries including the US. Industry lobbying group the Alliance of Auto Manufacturers sent Trump a letter asking him to ease regulations from the National Highway Safety and Transportation Administration and the Environmental Protection Agency. 
The Alliance represents car companies including GM, Ford and Volkswagen, which is currently on the hook for tens of billions in fines after its emissions-cheating software became an international scandal.



ARTICLE
A top aide to President Trump said on Friday she misspoke when she cited a 2011 “massacre” in Kentucky that never happened.
 A day earlier, during an interview with MSNBC’s Chris Matthews, Kellyanne Conway defended Trump’s ban on immigration from seven Muslim-majority nations by saying that former president Obama instituted a similar policy for Iraqi refugees in 2011. 
 “President Obama had a six-month ban on the Iraqi refugee program after two Iraqis came here to this country, were radicalized, and they were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre,” Conway said. “Most people don’t know that because it didn’t get covered.” 
 It didn’t happen. 
 Conway tweeted on Friday morning that she meant to say “Bowling Green terrorists” during the interview. 
 Her description of the 2011 Obama administration policy as a ban was also a mischaracterization, which she didn’t correct. 
 Obama never banned Iraqi refugees or other Iraqi travelers from coming to the US. His administration did slow down the processing for Iraqis seeking special immigrant visas, which are given to translators and interpreters who worked with the US in that country. 
 The slowdown was prompted by the May 2011 arrest of two men in Kentucky charged with plotting to send weapons and money to al-Qaida operatives abroad. Waad Ramadan Alwan and Mohanad Shareef Hammadi, were mistakenly admitted to the US as Iraqi refugees in 2009 and resettled in Bowling Green, Kentucky. 
 Alwan and Hammadi are in prison after pleading guilty. They were never accused of plotting to launch attacks inside the US. 
Conway later returned to the topic in response to a tweet from Hillary Clinton’s daughter Chelsea. “Very grateful no one seriously hurt in the Louvre attack … or the (completely fake) Bowling Green Massacre,” Clinton wrote. “Please don’t make up attacks.
“You can’t ‘invent’ quality candidates either,” Conway replied. “I misspoke; you lost the election.”
 According to state department data, 9,388 Iraqi refugees were admitted to the US during the 2011 budget year. The data also shows that Iraqi refugees were admitted every month during the 2011 calendar year. 
 In addition, more than 7,800 Iraqis were allowed into the US on non-immigrant visas, including tourists, during the 2011 budget year, government data show. 



ARTICLE
Andrew Puzder, Donald Trump’s nominee for labor secretary, is one of corporate America’s foremost spokesmen on labor issues. As chief executive of the CKE fast-food chain that owns Carl’s Jr and Hardee’s, Puzder has lambasted proposals to raise the minimum wage, to require rest breaks and to extend overtime pay to more workers. He has also denounced Obamacare, a program that has made health insurance available to millions of low-wage and moderate-income workers.
The Senate health, education, labor and pensions committee will hold its repeatedly delayed confirmation on Puzder’s nomination on Thursday. Here are some questions that the committee’s members should ask. 
Mr Puzder, you have been named to run an agency that was split off from the commerce department in 1913 to give American workers a voice in the cabinet. Considering that you have long been a strong voice for business, opposing many proposals to lift workers, could you truly serve as a voice for workers in the cabinet or would you in effect just be a second commerce secretary who advocated for business?
When Trump nominated you, his transition team said: “Andy Puzder has firsthand experience saving and creating thousands of jobs, and he has an extensive record of fighting for workers.” But since you took the helm of CKE in 2000, the chain has reduced the number of outlets in the US to 3,000, from 3,500, while focusing its expansion efforts overseas.
Mr Puzder, since these numbers indicate that you have significantly reduced the number of CKE jobs in the US since becoming CEO, can you please explain why you should be considered a job creator? 
The law that created the labor department states that its mission is to “promote and develop the welfare of working people, to improve their working conditions, and to advance their opportunities for profitable employment.” Many Carl’s Jr and Hardee’s employees complain of low wages and scant benefits, and your company recently eliminated its employer match to its employees’ 401(k) plans.
Mr Puzder, considering that CKE is a low-wage, low-benefits employer and that you have repeatedly fought against legislative proposals to lift wages, can you explain how you have worked – and how you would work – to promote the welfare of working people and improve their working conditions? 
The US Department of Labor has found one or more wage and hour violations at nearly 60% of the Carl’s Jr and Hardee’s restaurants it has inspected, according to Bloomberg BNA. That is a dismayingly high percentage although CKE’s percentage of violations was lower than that of most major fast-food companies. Carl’s Jr and Hardee’s workers have talked of – and numerous lawsuits have pointed to – egregious wage and hour violations at CKE restaurants: workers being cheated out of overtime, managers erasing hours employees have worked, employees being ordered to work during mandated rest breaks, employees being ordered to clock out but remain on the premises in case they’re needed if more customers come in. 
Mr Puzder, putting aside the debate over whether a fast-food company should be considered a joint employer of its franchisees, are you and your company partly responsible for the widespread wage and hour violations found at Carl’s Jr and Hardee’s restaurants, including those at your franchisees’ restaurants? 
Mr Puzder, like many fast-food companies, CKE maintains that it is not responsible for wage violations at its franchisees’ restaurants. Can you provide documentation showing that CKE has threatened to discipline or penalize franchisees after they were found to violate wage laws? 
A recent article in Bloomberg BusinessWeek quotes you as saying: “More government is not the solution to every problem, it’s the problem to every solution. They punish us for being in business to make a profit.”
Your Twitter feed, too, suggests you have little time for government regulation.
Mr Puzder, considering this statement and considering the history of wage and hour violations at Carl’s Jr and Hardee’s, why should anyone feel confident that you would carry out one of the labor secretary’s main responsibilities: to vigorously enforce the nation’s wage, hour and occupational safety laws? And will you vigorously enforce the nation’s wage laws against the fast-food industry, which has one of the worst records on compliance?
You have repeatedly denounced proposals to raise the minimum wage, but have said that you don’t oppose a “modest” increase in the minimum wage. Mr Puzder, can you tell us what higher federal minimum wage, what dollar level, you would support?
A 2014 federal audit of Carl’s Jr and Hardee’s restaurants in the south-west and midwest found that one in three employees was undocumented, according to a report in the Huffington Post. As a result of that audit, CKE’s franchisee for those regions discharged 1,200 workers. 
Mr Puzder, did you know that Carl’s Jr and Hardee’s restaurants employed so many undocumented workers, and what steps did you take, both before and after this 2014 audit, to ensure that company-owned and franchisee-owned restaurants comply with laws that prohibit employers from hiring undocumented immigrants?
You have acknowledged having hired an undocumented housekeeper for several years, without knowing that she was undocumented. Putting aside the question of whether she was undocumented, assuming that you thought that she was working legally, you still unlawfully failed to pay required social security and unemployment insurance taxes for her. 
Mr Puzder, as labor secretary your job will be to enforce the nation’s labor laws, so how do you explain that you unlawfully failed to pay required employment taxes for your housekeeper?
Two-thirds of female fast food workers at restaurants operated by CKE experienced sexual harassment at work, a rate much higher than the industry average, according to a recent advocacy survey. 
Your fast-food chain has become well-known for running nearly pornographic ads to attract young male customers, ads that have included Kate Upton, Paris Hilton and a naked Charlotte McKinney. 
Mr Puzder, given these reports and considering that many people believe that these ads unapologetically treated women as sex objects, can you assure female employees at the labor department and female workers across the US that you will treat women with respect?
You have at times made numerous statements showing contempt for workers in the CKE system. You said, Hardee’s was “hiring the best of the worst. It’s kind of the bottom of the pool.” A recent Bloomberg BusinessWeek article noted that in your first memo to Hardee’s managers, you wrote: “No more people behind the counter unless they have all their teeth.” You also complained to a trade publication about Hardee’s workforce, saying: “You go into a store, and there’s a guy with a dirty shirt who is rude, and then you remodel the store, but the customers still go in and find a guy with a dirty shirt who is rude.” 
In an interview last year, you talked almost gleefully about the idea of replacing humans with robots. You said: “They’re always polite, they always upsell, they never take a vacation, they never show up late, there’s never a slip-and-fall, or an age, sex, or race discrimination case.”
Considering that you and the Trump administration boast that you’re a job creator, doesn’t this statement show that you’re happy to be a job destroyer instead of a job creator?
You have at times made numerous statements showing contempt for workers in the CKE system. You said, Hardee’s was “hiring the best of the worst. It’s kind of the bottom of the pool.” A recent Bloomberg BusinessWeek article noted that in your first memo to Hardee’s managers, you wrote: “No more people behind the counter unless they have all their teeth.” You also complained to a trade publication about Hardee’s workforce, saying: “You go into a store, and there’s a guy with a dirty shirt who is rude, and then you remodel the store, but the customers still go in and find a guy with a dirty shirt who is rude.”
Mr Puzder, the nation’s labor secretary is supposed to be an advocate for workers, but considering these sneering remarks, can you assure Americans that you view workers with respect? 



ARTICLE
The most shocking part of Donald Trump’s speech on Tuesday was that there was nothing shocking at all.
Speaking before a joint session of Congress to an audience of senators, congressmen and women, supreme court justices and generals, Trump mostly stayed on script. He did not really brag about the size of his electoral victory (except to declare that in 2016 “the earth shifted beneath our feet”). He did not attack the media or go on any of his frequent verbal detours.
Trump – with only a few slips into “lawless chaos” – even mostly managed to avoid the dark, apocalyptic tones that punctuated his acceptance speech at the Republican convention and his inaugural. There were no references to American carnage or claims that illegal drugs are now cheaper than candy bars. 
Instead, he spoke in the broad sunny platitudes typical of most politicians but that he, the anti-politician, has rarely indulged in. Trump talked of a future where “our children will grow up in a nation of miracles” and when “we just need the courage to share the dreams that fill our hearts”.
Trump did occasionally escape from the text. The most notable example was when the President said of Ryan Owens, the Navy Seal killed in a recent raid in Yemen whom he mentioned in his speech, was in heaven, pleased with the amount of applause he received. “And Ryan is looking down, right now, you know that? And he’s very happy, because I think he just broke a record,” said Trump. It was undeniably awkward by standards of presidential addresses but would have barely been a footnote in most Trump rally speeches.
The mood in the chamber was entirely unlike a Trump rally. There was little hooting and almost no hollering. No one chanted “lock her up” or “build that wall” and no hecklers were forcibly ejected by security.
Democrats had warned members to avoid booing or heckling the president, and for the most part they did. There were audible guffaws when Trump bragged about “draining the swamp” and groans when he discussed a newly created federal office that serves to advocate for victims of crimes committed by undocumented immigrants. 
But no one shouted “you lie” or audibly disrupted the speech. The most gauche displays where when two Democratic members gave thumbs down signs when Trump called for the repeal and replacement of Obamacare and when New York congressman Joe Crowley shook his hand in the air after Trump said “the time for trivial fights is over”. It was apparently a reference to the many trivial fights that Trump has engaged in, including debates over the size of his hands and the number of people who attended his inauguration. 
Many Democratic women notably wore white, the color of suffrage and symbolic of protest and across the chamber, Democrats rarely applauded even for things where they agreed with Trump. In contrast to past speeches to Congress, where presidents received bipartisan applause for noncontroversial platitudes, many Democrats sat on their hands, refusing to acknowledge even the most anodyne statement from the president. 
The only Democrat to stand with any frequency was Senator Joe Manchin, a moderate who is running for re-election in 2018 in West Virginia, a state where Trump had his strongest performance, winning nearly 70% of the vote.
Many Democrats did not even stand for a call for a major increase in infrastructure spending, something where Trump has long diverged with many in his own party. One Democrat urged others to stand as many Republicans sat awkwardly, eventually, tentatively, standing in support of their party’s leader. 
Trump’s speech is not likely to change the political landscape. We have been here before, where he has seemed presidential on one day and launched a 6am tweet storm the next, making any gains in gravitas temporary. But the occasion did show how divided the country and this Congress is. When Democrats won’t even stand or clap when Trump is talking about a fallen soldier, it’s not likely that they will be willing to make deals on infrastructure, let alone controversial topics like immigration reform. 
It does not matter what Trump says or how formal the setting within which he speaks. No matter what words come out of Trump’s mouth, Democrats are only going to ever hear the echoes of “lock her up”.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump gave his first presidential address to Congress on Tuesday. Here is a sample of the reaction to the speech in the US press:
Boston Globe
Los Angeles Times
New York Times
USA Today
Washington Post



ARTICLE
Liberal Americans like to think we know the answer to a lot of things – including why those who live outside liberal bubbles chose Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton.
Small-town people, we liberals think, are Republican people. At their best, they are pious, respectful, and conservative; at their worst they are smug and self-righteous, small-minded and yet capable of broad prejudice. People in the hinterlands, we think, are just different: all the adults are church-going puritans with a neatness obsession, and all the kids long to escape and finally be themselves.
But there’s another way of looking at it, and it is just this: small towns are dying. 
Donald Trump doesn’t really reflect the moral values of middle America. He is a consummate city slicker, a soft-handed, foul-mouthed toff who lives in a 58-story building and has been identified with New York City excess his entire life. But people in rural areas are desperate these days. Many of them chose Trump, despite his vulgarity and his big-city ways, because he promised to make them “great again”.
Watching movies won’t help you to understand this. You need to see the thing itself. And what you will discover, should you choose to undertake this mission in the part of the midwest where I come from, is this: ruination, unless the town you choose to visit has a college or a hospital or a prison in it.
With a few exceptions, the shops on Main Street will be empty or in mothballs. There will be deindustrialization and despair. Places where stuff used to be made will be closed down. Population growth will be negative. There will be no local newspaper, or else just a sliver of one. There will be problems with meth. There will be hundred-year-old homes that would be millionaire’s palaces were they situated in popular urban areas. 
And there will be Trump signs.
One of the specific places I have in mind is the state of Missouri. It went for Trump in an overwhelming way: the fancy New York billionaire won every county except for the ones that contain the state’s big cities and its college town. Certain rural counties gave him more than 80% of the vote.
It was not always thus. Ten or 20 years ago, Missouri was a battleground state, liable to swing either way in a national election – in 2008, it was split almost evenly between Republican and Democratic. Barack Obama ran credibly in rural areas here. Go back even farther and you will find that Missouri was a reliably Democratic state which produced politicians such as Dick Gephardt, Stuart Symington and Harry Truman.
Even the state’s famous nickname – “the show-me state” – was partisan in its origins; it supposedly comes from a long-ago speech by a member of Congress who soliloquized as follows: “I come from a state that raises corn and cotton and cockleburs and Democrats, and frothy eloquence neither convinces nor satisfies me. I am from Missouri. You have got to show me.”
These are the basic facts, and yet if you think about it, they only deepen our mystery: there was a time when hard times and despair drove people to the left. 
So why didn’t that happen this time around?
Let us start with a look at one of the most quintessential and representative small towns of them all: Marceline, Missouri, population 2,350, the home town of Walt Disney. The Disney family arrived in Marceline from Chicago in 1906 and departed for Kansas City in 1910. Walt’s father, a farmer and construction worker, was a socialist – a political leaning that, once upon a time, was not all that unusual in the midwest. 
Years later, after becoming famous, Walt Disney made his own rightward political turn, and as he did so, the small Missouri town where he grew up came to represent for him a sort of repository of all that was good and wholesome about American civilization. It became a nostalgic symbol of what modern-day America had lost.
Disney’s greatest homage to small-town life was, of course, the utopia known as Disneyland, which you enter via “Main Street USA”, a confection of gingerbread buildings, barbershop quartets and old-timey trains that Disney’s biographers agree was inspired in some way by Marceline. You might say that the town served as Disney’s model in his personal bid to make America great again. 
It is unlikely that anyone proposing today to build a chain of utopian theme parks would take Linn County, Missouri – where Marceline stands – as their inspiration. These days, the place is in the grip of the same cruel economic forces as everywhere else around here, as a walk down its main drag plainly shows.
As we ponder this area’s slow advance into deep political redness, we can rule out one thing right away: the people in these counties didn’t vote the way they did because they have gradually become rich, satisfied burghers. Every prospect suggests the opposite.
As the farmer and former state legislator Wes Shoemyer told me: “If you’re in a county in Missouri that doesn’t have a college or a hospital, you’ve just watched everything disappear. Lost our coalmines, all union. We had brick plants, used to produce bricks for housing. [We] lost all the smelting, all those union jobs.”
Rhonda Perry, a Missouri farmer and the program director of the Missouri Rural Crisis Center, an organization that defends the interests of family farmers, spoke to me about how so many of the state’s rural voters came to side with the billionaire New Yorker. The way she sees it, what happened was not so much a matter of enthusiasm as an ugly but predictable choice.
“They were willing to overlook some of the really horrendous things about the candidate who got elected,” she told me, “because he said a lot of other things about what they were feeling.” Specifically, things Trump said about trade deals like the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and how awful they are. 
At first, it surprised me to learn this. I knew that Trump was critical of trade deals, of course. But I have always thought of farmers as big fans of free trade, since the US exports a huge amount of food. Farmers turned against Jimmy Carter because of his grain embargo on the Soviet Union, for example, and farm lobbyists are forever pushing for opening up trade with Cuba.
But these days, things are different. The way Perry tells the story, family farmers are now in the grip of a handful of immensely powerful international food companies, and the trade deals our government has been agreeing to for decades have only helped to strengthen those corporations at their expense.
A terrifying confirmation of this thesis came a little more than a year ago, when a World Trade Organization “appellate body” basically shot down a US supermarket rule called “Country of Origin Labeling” (Cool), which had required meat and vegetables to be sold with labels announcing where they came from. American farmers loved Cool; it seemed like a commonsense sort of thing, and here was some shadowy, pro-corporate international organization vetoing it.
Plenty of the farmers who noticed that debacle found it easy to perceive similar threats in Barack Obama’s great hoped-for TPP deal, which Obama perversely insisted on pushing for even while his hand-picked successor, Hillary Clinton, tried to convince voters that she opposed it.
Then there was Obama himself. None of us city folk remember it today, but in 2008 Obama was regarded as a savior by certain aggrieved small farmers.
Unlike nearly every other national politician, Obama seemed to get it back then: he promised to enforce antitrust laws against big food conglomerates and to do something about corporate livestock operations. “He really ran a campaign that related to agriculture,” Rhonda Perry recalls. “Part of his platform,” she continues, “was about reining in the corporate power and the monopolies that these companies have – it was about ensuring that there was going to be fair and competitive markets. None of those things happened.”
This time around, of course, the Democrat tried to persuade everyone that she was a reliable friend of business, while the Republican mouthed fake outrage against heartless multinational corporations.
“People have a sense that this corporatization is out of control,” Perry continued. “And they were willing to take a chance to try to rein it in and stop it, although in some ways that was a really unfortunate choice.”
Was she saying, I asked, that some farmers voted for Trump as a way of getting back at corporations? Yes, she replied. “Corporatization is out of control. Some people voted for Trump for that reason.”
I got a slightly different taste of heartland political thinking when I sat down for breakfast in December in Macon, a town in the county over from Marceline’s, with members of the local Lions Club. The group meets regularly over red-checkered tablecloths in the back room of the Apple Basket Cafe.
The room itself, I was told, formerly housed the printing plant of the defunct local newspaper. On one wall hung the banners of all the other service clubs that now meet here: the Kiwanis, the Optimists, the Rotarians; on another was a Thomas Kinkade print. The members of the club, good-natured men of middle age, said the pledge of allegiance and worked on their plans to do what service clubs do everywhere: raise money for good causes.
Then we talked politics. By and large, these were men who had voted for Trump, but few of them seemed to really support him in the full sense of the word. They were apprehensive about his presidency, they didn’t know what to expect from it, but many of them had made the choice anyway.
Why? One of the men present told me you could summarize it with a single word: “Hillary!” Another described it with a variant on Trump’s famous proposition to black voters, which these white people clearly felt applied to them, too: “Whaddaya got to lose by making a change?”
Certain predictable conservative issues came up: meddlesome government, for example. Farmers these men knew of complained bitterly about the Environmental Protection Agency. Small bankers, too, were said to feel micromanaged. “We don’t like to be told what to do, how to do it,” someone said.
But it was not all standard-issue Republican talking points. These men groused about how big banks avoided being taken over by the FDIC, they used “Goldman Sachs” as verbal shorthand for wealth and influence, and I even heard complaints about billionaires controlling the state’s political process.
What did crop up persistently when I talked to this group was a disgust with the perceived moral haughtiness of liberals. More than one member of the club referred to himself as one of Hillary Clinton’s “deplorables”, for example. There was resentment of “Ivy League graduates” who felt entitled to “micromanage the rest of the country”. The man who told me that – a fellow wearing a US Army Retired cap – also told me that “if you want to be an obnoxious slob, you have a right to be one”.
This right-to-obnoxiousness raises a fascinating point: these men saw liberals as loudmouthed Pharisees, intolerant moralists who demanded that the rest of the nation snap into line – an exact reverse of the John Ashcroft stereotype liberals used to hold of conservatives.
Everyone I spoke to that morning seemed to take for granted that liberals held some kind of unfair moral- or decibel-based advantage over conservatives. Hillary voters were “the vocal ones”, a man told me. “Conservatives were afraid to speak up because of criticism from liberals,” he continued, “and by God, we showed them.”
And then a curious note: this same individual described how, as a boy, he once shook the hand of Harry S Truman. He had gone on an elementary school field trip to Kansas City in the 1950s, and the ex-president, then in retirement, met with his class. I asked his opinion of the Democratic president who – as he acknowledged – infuriated the right by firing Gen Douglas MacArthur.
“One of the best presidents we ever had,” came the reply.
Walking around these small towns, it occurred to me that perhaps nostalgia comes naturally here. The greatness of the past and the catastrophe of the present are things that smack you in the face with every step you take: the solid, carefully constructed buildings from the Benjamin Harrison era that are now crumbling, the grandiose swimming pool built by the Works Progress Administration under the New Deal. 
There is nostalgia in Marceline’s impressive Disney Hometown Museum, which carefully documents the town’s relationship with the film-maker (the folks in town were so gracious and kind that they opened the museum, which is closed in winter, especially for me). Nostalgia also in the collection of Harry Truman memorabilia that filled the parlor of the century-old house where I stayed during my visit. Nostalgia in the shop selling old stereo equipment that I wandered into during my tour. (The proprietor was playing a vinyl copy of Led Zeppelin’s Stairway to Heaven, the ultimate piece of classic-rock nostalgia, on one of those fancy record players from the 1970s. He said to me, with a sunny enthusiasm that took me completely by surprise in those surroundings: “Have you ever heard this?”)
Maybe, in writing this essay, I’ve been like Walt Disney was in the 1950s, returning to the familiar places of his childhood and wondering what happened to America, and what happened to our democracy.
Maybe nostalgia is itself the problem. A Democrat I met in Macon during a conversation we had about the local enthusiasm for Trump told me that “people want to go back to Mayberry”, the setting of the beloved old Andy Griffith Show. (As it happens, the actual model for Mayberry, Mount Airy, a bedraggled town in North Carolina, has gone all in on the Trump revolution, as the Washington Post recently reported.)
Maybe it’s also true, as my liberal friends believe, that what people in this part of the country secretly long to go back to are the days when the Klan was riding high or when Quantrill was terrorizing the people of neighboring Kansas, or when Dred Scott was losing his famous court case. For sure, there is a streak of that ugly sentiment in the Trump phenomenon.
But I want to suggest something different: that the nostalgic urge does not necessarily have to be a reactionary one. There is nothing un-progressive about wanting your town to thrive, about recognizing that it isn’t thriving today, about figuring out that the mid-century, liberal way worked better.
For me, at least, that is how nostalgia unfolds. When I drive around this part of the country, I always do so with a WPA guidebook in hand, the better to help me locate the architectural achievements of the Roosevelt years. I used to patronize a list of restaurants supposedly favored by Harry Truman (they are slowly disappearing). 
And these days, as I pass Trump sign after Trump sign, I wonder what has made so many of Truman’s people cast their lot with this blustering would-be caudillo.
Maybe what I’m pining for is a liberal Magic Kingdom, a non-racist midwest where things function again. For a countryside dotted with small towns where the business district has reasonable job-creating businesses in it, taverns too. 
For a state where the giant chain stores haven’t succeeded in putting everyone out of business. For an economy where workers can form unions and buy new cars every couple of years, where farmers enjoy the protection of the laws, and where corporate management has not been permitted to use every trick available to them to drive down wages and play desperate cities off one against the other.
Maybe it’s just an impossible utopia, a shimmering Mayberry dream. But somehow I don’t think so.



ARTICLE
After a chaotic week of negotiations and recriminations, Congress may just be able to keep the government open.
Although a White House rollout of proposed tax cuts and yet another stalled effort by House Republicans to repeal Obamacare consumed much of the oxygen, congressional leaders from both parties appeared on the verge of a deal to keep the government running past the Friday deadline and prevent a government shutdown that would take effect on Donald Trump’s symbolic 100th day in office.
Congressional Republicans are under pressure from the White House to advance a rewritten healthcare bill to replace Obamacare before Trump reaches his 100-day milestone. But on Thursday House Democrats threatened to block legislation that would prevent a shutdown if Republicans scheduled a vote on their healthcare bill over the next few days.
“If Republicans announce their intention to bring their harmful Trumpcare bill to the House floor tomorrow or Saturday, I will oppose a one-week [spending measure] and will advise House Democrats to oppose it as well,” said Steny Hoyer, the second-ranking House Democrat.
A shutdown remains a remote likelihood, but the last-minute brinkmanship could imperil negotiations in the final hours before the Friday midnight deadline.
“They are in a lose, lose, lose situation,” House minority leader Nancy Pelosi said of the of the Republican effort to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. She added: “The minute they cast that vote they put doo-doo on their shoe, tattoo on their forehead.”
White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters that Trump wants a healthcare vote “as soon as possible”, but acknowledged the issue was ultimately in the hands of House Republican leaders. “He [Trump] wants a vote when they have 216 votes, and I feel very good about the progress that’s being made to get to that number,” Spicer told reporters.
It is unlikely that Republicans will bring the healthcare bill to the floor for a vote before the end of the week, although this is still unclear. House Republicans scrambled on Thursday to shore up enough votes for their new replacement plan. 
“We’ve not yet made any decisions on a vote,” Speaker of the House Paul Ryan said during his weekly briefing with reporters. He added: “We’re going to go when we have the votes.”
Late on Wednesday night, House Republicans unveiled a short-term spending bill to extend negotiations over a budget package for one week and postpone the threat of a shutdown. The federal government is set to run out of money at midnight on Friday without the stopgap measure.
The day before, Republicans unveiled an amendment to their failed healthcare replacement proposal. The new version gained the support of a rebellious group of arch-conservatives who helped derail the legislation last month. But serious questions remain over whether the bill can attract support from moderates, who are wary of language in the bill that would allow states to discriminate against Americans with pre-existing conditions.
A handful of centrist Republicans on Thursday said they were opposed to the plan or had serious concerns with it. Congressman Ryan Costello, a moderate Republican from Pennsylvania, told reporters he had moved from being undecided to opposed after studying the bill.
Ryan said he would be “shocked” if Democrats forced a shutdown and accused them of slowing down negotiations. “The reason this government funding bill is not ready is Democrats have been dragging their feet,” he said.
As Republican leaders worked to secure an agreement to keep the government open, Trump accused Democrats of holding up the negotiation process over a series of demands they hope to leverage in the spending bill.
“The Democrats want to shut government if we don’t bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!” Trump wrote in the first of a series of tweets. In later tweets, Trump appeared to suggest that Democrats were refusing to allocate increased funding for border security and defense, something Democrats have repeatedly said they are open to as long as the money isn’t for construction of a border wall – a “non-starter” in their book.
Democrats initially wanted assurances that the government would continue to fund healthcare subsidy payments, known as cost-sharing reductions. The White House had threatened to withhold the payments as a bargaining chip to try to extract funding for a border wall. Administration officials changed tack on Wednesday and agreed to continue the payments. Democrats have also pushed for relief for Puerto Rico as it restructures its debt to avoid bankruptcy.
Democrats dismissed the tweetstorm as out of touch with the current status of negotiations.
“These shutdown tweets are desperate, unhinged, and show a startling lack of awareness for where the negotiations actually are,” said Matt House, a spokesman for Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer.
At a press conference later on Thursday, Schumer said “good progress” had been made toward reaching a bipartisan deal on a spending package and sounded optimistic that lawmakers would avoid a shutdown.
Republicans, despite controlling the White House and both chambers of Congress, need Democratic votes to pass an omnibus spending bill. Democrats are leveraging their support to block efforts to dismantle the healthcare law and protect other priorities.
Earlier this week Trump signaled that he was easing off on his demand for funding for a border wall, which Democrats welcomed as a sign that they could move forward with the negotiations. And on Wednesday, the White House said that it would continue to make payments for a critical component of the Affordable Care Act.
“Democrats and the American people have welcomed the president’s decision to back off his threats on both the wall and defunding health care,” Schumer told reporters. “The president was insisting on these things which he knew were non-starters for Democrats. We remained unified and the president has softened his stance. We welcome that cooperation.”



ARTICLE
The US state department released its annual report on human rights around the world on Friday, but the release was overshadowed by criticism that the secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, gave the report little of the traditional attention or fanfare.
 Tillerson declined to unveil the report in person, breaking with precedent established during both Democratic and Republican administrations. A senior US official answered reporters’ questions by phone on condition of anonymity rather than appearing on camera, also a break with precedent.
 “The report speaks for itself,” the official said in response to a question about why Tillerson did not unveil it. “We’re very, very proud of it. The facts should really be the story here.”
 The report, mandated by Congress, documents human rights conditions in nearly 200 countries and territories and is put together by staff in US embassies. This year’s report was largely completed during Barack Obama’s tenure.
According to the report, Philippine police and vigilantes “killed more than 6,000 suspected drug dealers and users” since July and extrajudicial killings have “increased sharply” in the Philippines in the last year. Philippine officials say their government does not tolerate human rights violations or state-sponsored extrajudicial killings.
 The report’s language on Russia remained broadly similar to that of years past, noting the country’s “authoritarian political system dominated by President Vladimir Putin”.
 Donald Trump has said he would like to improve US relations with Russia.
 Traditionally, the secretary of state unveils the report with public comments emphasizing the centrality of human rights in US foreign policy and highlighting specific findings.
 Tillerson’s Democratic predecessors John Kerry and Hillary Clinton gave public comments on the report in 2013 and 2009, their first years in the post, respectively, and continued to present it throughout their tenures.
 In 2005, during George W Bush’s administration, the undersecretary of state for global affairs, Paula Dobriansky, presented the report on camera on behalf of Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
 So far in his one-month tenure, Tillerson has not held a news conference and has mostly refrained from answering questions from the media.
Human rights groups criticized the way the report was rolled out.
 “It’s just signaling a lack of basic interest and understanding in how support for human rights reflects what’s best about America,” said Rob Berschinski, senior vice-president for policy at Human Rights First.
 Berschinski was deputy assistant secretary of state for democracy, human rights and labor, until 20 January, and helped coordinate the report.
 On Friday, the US official quoted from Tillerson’s confirmation hearing to offer proof that he views human rights conditions as crucial to US interests, adding: “These statements are very clear about our commitment to human rights.“
In the introduction to this year’s report, Tillerson wrote: “Our values are our interests when it comes to human rights.”
 But in his confirmation hearing, Tillerson sidestepped questions on human rights conditions in other countries, declining to condemn countries like Saudi Arabia and the Philippines, saying he wanted to see the facts first.
The Republican Senator Marco Rubio on Thursday criticized the low-key rollout of the report.
 “For 1st time in a long time @StateDept #humanrights report will not be presented by Secretary of State,” Rubio tweeted. “I hope they reconsider.”



ARTICLE
A top aide to Donald Trump has called for a primary challenge to a Republican member of Congress.
In a tweet on Saturday, Dan Scavino, the White House director of social media, called on voters to defeat congressman Justin Amash of Michigan. 
Scavino wrote: “@realDonaldTrump is bringing auto plants & jobs back to Michigan. @justinamash is a big liability. #TrumpTrain, defeat him in primary.” 
The libertarian-leaning Amash, who was first elected to the House in 2010, is a member of the hardline Freedom Caucus and has long been critical of Trump.
The direct intervention by Scavino, who has worked for Trump since caddying for the then-real estate developer as a teenager, is however a new sign of division between Trump and congressional Republicans.
The president this week used Twitter to criticize members of the Freedom Caucus for their role in blocking the American Health Care Act, the House bill that aimed to replace Barack Obama’s healthcare reform, the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare. 
The AHCA was pulled from the House floor shortly before a scheduled vote, due to insufficient support from all corners of the Republican party.
Many members of the Freedom Caucus thought the bill, which was widely criticised for its likely removal of insurance from millions of Americans, in fact left government with too prominent a role in the provision of healthcare. 
In a reference to rightwing descriptions of supposedly self-serving Washington DC, Amash derided the AHCA as “Swampcare”.
In tweets on Thursday, Trump criticized three members of the Freedom Caucus: chair Mark Meadows of North Carolina, Jim Jordan of Ohio and Raúl Labrador of Idaho.
Meadows and Labrador stumped for Trump in 2016, and Labrador was considered for a cabinet post.
In a tweet of his own on Thursday, the Idaho Republican wrote: “Freedom Caucus stood with u when others ran. Remember who your real friends are. We’re trying to help u succeed.”
Trump has yet to criticize Amash by name. The maverick Michigan Republican is however used to primary challenges. In 2014, he fended off a self-funding establishment Republican who was endorsed by the Chamber of Commerce. 
However, a competitive primary in Amash’s district, which includes the city of Grand Rapids, could have political consequences. Obama won the district in 2008 and Trump ran 8% behind Amash there in 2016.
Spokesmen for the White House did not immediately reply to requests for comment on Scavino’s tweet. 
However, Amash tweeted in response: “Trump admin & Establishment have merged into #Trumpstablishment. Same old agenda: Attack conservatives, libertarians & independent thinkers.”



ARTICLE
Without citing evidence, Donald Trump on Saturday accused Barack Obama of a Watergate-style “wire tapping” of his offices in New York before the US presidential election, a move critics dismissed as an attempt to deflect attention from investigations of his ties to Russia.
A spokesman for Obama said the accusation was “simply false”.
The unprecedented attack by a president on his predecessor, made in a series of early morning tweets, stoked speculation that Trump’s remarks were prompted by stories circulating in rightwing media, including one that claimed Obama is attempting a “silent coup” against Trump.
The president this week endured another avalanche of revelations about his associates’ contacts with Russia. Most damagingly it emerged that his attorney general, former Alabama senator Jeff Sessions, failed to tell senators about two meetings with the Russian ambassador to the US last year. 
Last month the national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was forced to resign over conversations with the ambassador and misleading statements about them to the vice-president, Mike Pence.
Earlier this year US intelligence agencies reported that Russia interfered in the election to help Trump, who has repeatedly proven reluctant to publicly criticise Vladimir Putin.
On Saturday, the president launched a series of tweets that began at 5.35am. In one he wrote: “Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!”
He followed up with a string of tweets in the next half-hour that claimed Obama had defied a court rejection to tap his office, and invited a “good lawyer” to make a case against the alleged process.
The president then compared the alleged surveillance of his communications to Watergate – the scandal in which a 1972 break-in at Democratic National Committee headquarters led to revelation of crime and cover-up at the highest level of government and, ultimately, the resignation of Richard Nixon.
“How low has President Obama gone to tapp [sic] my phones during the very sacred election process,” Trump tweeted. “This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!”
Obama’s former deputy national security adviser, Ben Rhodes, tweeted back at Trump: “No president can order a wiretap. Those restrictions were put in place to protect citizens from people like you.”
Later an Obama spokesman, Kevin Lewis, issued a statement that did not deny there was a wiretapping but did deny that Obama ordered one. 
“A cardinal rule of the Obama administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice,” the statement said.
“As part of that practice, neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any US citizen. Any suggestion otherwise is simply false.”
No evidence was provided to substantiate the president’s claims that Obama had wiretapped Trump Tower, and it was not clear on what information Trump was basing his allegations.
A US official told the Guardian there was “no evidence to support that claim” of Obama ordering Trump to be wiretapped.
Just before last November’s election, the British former MP and novelist Louise Mensch reported that the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (Fisa) court had granted a warrant to enable the FBI to conduct surveillance of “US persons” in an investigation of possible contacts between Russian banks and the Trump Organization.
Two months later the BBC published an article backing up Mensch’s original story about the Fisa court warrant issued in October to allow the justice department to scrutinise transfers and communications between Trump associates and Russian banks. US intelligence agencies were investigating the link, it added.
The Guardian reported in January that the Fisa court had turned down an application, asking the FBI to narrow the terms of inquiry.
The issue resurfaced this week in rightwing media, which Trump and Steve Bannon, his chief strategist and former head of far right Breitbart News, are known to follow closely.
Conservative radio host Mark Levin made claims on his Thursday night show about the alleged steps taken by the Obama administration to undermine Trump’s campaign to win the White House. Levin called the effort a “silent coup” by the Obama administration and said this, rather than Trump’s Russian ties, should be the subject of a congressional investigation. 
Levin’s comments were then summarised by Breitbart News, in a report that also made reference to the Fisa warrant reported by Mensch and the BBC. 
On Saturday, Robert Costa, a Washington Post reporter, tweeted: “Per an official, I’ve confirmed that several people at the White House have been circulating this Breitbart story.” On Friday night and Saturday, Fox News hosts whom Trump is known to watch also remarked on the issue, with presenter Sean Hannity tweeting: “What did OBAMA know and when did he know it??”
On Friday, Trump similarly tried to tar Democrats in Congress who had criticized him, with tweets attempting to link top Democrats Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi to Moscow.
Gwenda Blair, a Trump biographer, said Trump’s tweets were part of “the distraction playbook”.
“What took him so long? It’s like muscle memory for him,” she said.
“Where’s the opening, the little place he can lodge a dart where it’s not going to be so easy to remove? It’s not so easy for the Obama White House to comment where any sort of electronic surveillance is going on.”
Democratic congressman Seth Moulton said the tweets were “right out of Donald Trump’s reality TV playbook”.
“He’s trying to distract attention from the real story here which is his campaign, his administration’s contact with Russian officials,” Moulton told MSNBC. “There’s clearly a deeper story here and we the American people need to know how high this conspiracy goes.”
Moulton, a member of the House armed services and budget committees, added: “Obviously contacts with Russian intelligence officials are monitored: that’s part of maintaining our national security.” 
A surveillance operation would require a federal judge’s approval, based on evidence presented. Moulton noted that US agencies routinely monitor Russians with government links.
“If under the Obama administration they were simply monitoring contacts with Russian officials,” he said, “not trying to wiretap into the Trump campaign but simply looking at who Russian officials were talking with, and then Trump campaign officials got ensnared in that net, then it’s a total mischaracterisation to say President Obama was wiretapping Trump.”
In the past Trump peddled conspiracy theories, most famously the baseless claim that Obama was not born in the US. However, the two men spoke several times during the presidential transition, in conversations Obama called cordial, while Trump claimed that Obama likes him. 
The mood has soured in recent days. Speaking on Fox News, Trump blamed his predecessor for recent protests and leaks. “I think President Obama’s behind it, because his people are certainly behind it,” he said.
Spending the weekend at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Florida, Trump also made efforts to defend Sessions over his meetings with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. He tweeted: “The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian [ambassador] was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 [ambassadors].”
He added: “Just out: the same Russian ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone.” 
Ambassadors frequently visit the White House, and under Obama the White House publicly reported most visitors. 
On Friday, Sessions recused himself from investigations into Russian interference in the 2016 election, despite backing from Trump, who described the controversy as “a total witch hunt”.
The president, suffering record low approval ratings, had hoped to rebuild his reputation this week with an address to a joint session of Congress. That speech struck a more restrained tone than Trump’s usual public remarks, and the president declared “the time for trivial fights is over”. 
But that political capital was quickly lost when the Sessions controversy erupted and restored over the administration a cloud of accusations about Kremlin links. 
An hour after his blast at Obama, Trump returned to more trivial matters on Twitter. The former host of the reality TV show The Apprentice commented on his successor’s decision to quit. 
“Arnold Schwarzenegger isn’t voluntarily leaving the Apprentice,” Trump wrote. “He was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. Sad end to great show.”



ARTICLE
As Donald Trump’s second attempt at introducing a controversial Muslim travel ban neared its scheduled start on Wednesday, few would have been hoping for its success as anxiously as his senior adviser Stephen Miller.
Miller was the policy’s 31-year-old architect and was at the center of the troubled first attempt to introduce a travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries in late January.
Hardly a household name, Miller hit the airwaves at the time to explain the rationale for what many dubbed as a scaled-back version of the Muslim ban upon which Trump campaigned – his TV appearances juxtaposed with chaos at airports across America.
It was not the first brush with the spotlight for the Capitol Hill staffer turned speechwriter to an unlikely president. Miller, a former aide to then senator Jeff Sessions, often warmed up the raucous crowds who flocked to Trump rallies during the presidential campaign. 
But in batting down the charges against one of the administration’s earliest and most prominent controversies, the young adviser cemented himself as the public face of a new worldview taking hold in the highest office of the US government.
Miller was removed from the process of writing the revised travel ban because of the legal challenges that mired the initial policy, and officials at the agencies tasked with implementing the order made a more concerted effort to avoid such legal problems this time. 
But an interview Miller gave to Fox News late in January was used by legal opponents to prove that the underpinnings were one and the same, and was even cited in a temporary restraining order (TRO) that a federal judge in Hawaii placed on the revised travel ban on Wednesday night.
“Fundamentally”, Miller said, “you’re still going to have the same basic policy outcome for the country, but you’re going to be responsive to a lot of very technical issues that were brought up by the court, and those will be addressed.” “But, in terms of protecting the country, those basic policies are still going to be in effect.”
Ideological warfare is nothing new to Miller, who as a native of Santa Monica, California, quickly grew accustomed to defending his isolationist and hard-right inclinations against the multiculturalism that has come to define America for decades.
Although he was born to a liberal-leaning family, Miller turned to conservatism upon reading Guns, Crime, and Freedom, the 1994 book penned by National Rifle Association CEO Wayne LaPierre. 
He went on to write dozens of columns for his college newspaper, The Chronicle, while attending Duke University in Durham, North Carolina, a decade ago. Majoring in political science, Miller focused in his writings on culture wars and downplayed systematic racism in America. He also tellingly referred to multiculturalism as “segregation”, providing an early glimpse of the hardline approach to immigration that would later occupy much of his tenure as the communications director for Sessions, the first sitting senator to endorse Trump in the Republican primary.
It was no surprise that Miller assumed the role of chief antagonist to a bipartisan immigration reform bill in 2013 while working for Sessions, co-authored by a group of senators that became known as the “Gang of Eight”. The legislation provided a pathway to citizenship for the roughly 11 million undocumented immigrants living in the US after a strenuous process that began with border security.
As aides to proponents of the bill presented it to their colleagues, Miller took the unusual step of delivering a rebuttal. His argument, much like the rhetoric that later dominated Trump’s campaign, cast immigration as bad for America, with a target placed not simply against those who entered illegally but even those employing the legal channels to gain permits. 
At the time, Republican leaders were emphasizing the need to address immigration reform in the wake of Mitt Romney’s crushing loss in the 2012 election, prompted in part by a record low performance among Hispanic voters. Miller’s musings, which he further detailed in hundreds of emails to staffers, reporters and other stakeholders near daily attacking the 2013 immigration bill, were then outside his own party’s mainstream.
“Stephen is very passionate about what he believes in. He’s fearless about advocating for his positions even when they’re unpopular,” said Alex Conant, who served at the time as a spokesman for senator Marco Rubio, one of the co-authors of the so-called Gang of Eight compromise.
The legislation ultimately passed the Senate in a rare and overwhelming bipartisan vote, only to die in the Republican-led House of Representatives amid stiff opposition from conservatives.
In retrospect, the battle was prescient of the competing factions among Republicans when the party set its sights on retaking the White House just four years later – and of the ongoing power struggle within the new administration, as those with Trump’s ear mull whether to make good on his anti-immigration promises.
“Donald Trump and Stephen Miller have a different view on immigration that is very different from Republicans have traditionally believed,” Conant said.
“The last several Republican presidents have tried to improve our legal immigration system to better meet our economic needs ... Donald Trump has turned that on its head.”
The extent to which Miller will prove influential remains unclear. Although he and Bannon are credited with shepherding nationalism into the White House, more traditional Washington figures such as chief of staff Reince Priebus and press secretary Sean Spicer have sought to maintain at least some dominance of the Republican establishment.



ARTICLE
TO THE CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES:
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, Members of Congress, the First Lady of the United States, and Citizens of America:
 Tonight, as we mark the conclusion of our celebration of Black History Month, we are reminded of our Nation’s path toward civil rights and the work that still remains. Recent threats targeting Jewish Community Centers and vandalism of Jewish cemeteries, as well as last week’s shooting in Kansas City, remind us that while we may be a Nation divided on policies, we are a country that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all its forms.
 Each American generation passes the torch of truth, liberty and justice –- in an unbroken chain all the way down to the present.
 That torch is now in our hands. And we will use it to light up the world. I am here tonight to deliver a message of unity and strength, and it is a message deeply delivered from my heart.
 A new chapter of American Greatness is now beginning.
 A new national pride is sweeping across our Nation.
 And a new surge of optimism is placing impossible dreams firmly within our grasp.
 What we are witnessing today is the Renewal of the American Spirit.
 Our allies will find that America is once again ready to lead.
 All the nations of the world -- friend or foe -- will find that America is strong, America is proud, and America is free.
 In 9 years, the United States will celebrate the 250th anniversary of our founding -- 250 years since the day we declared our Independence.
 It will be one of the great milestones in the history of the world.
 But what will America look like as we reach our 250th year? What kind of country will we leave for our children?
 I will not allow the mistakes of recent decades past to define the course of our future.
 For too long, we’ve watched our middle class shrink as we’ve exported our jobs and wealth to foreign countries.
 We’ve financed and built one global project after another, but ignored the fates of our children in the inner cities of Chicago, Baltimore, Detroit -- and so many other places throughout our land.
 We’ve defended the borders of other nations, while leaving our own borders wide open, for anyone to cross -- and for drugs to pour in at a now unprecedented rate.
 And we’ve spent trillions of dollars overseas, while our infrastructure at home has so badly crumbled.
 Then, in 2016, the earth shifted beneath our feet. The rebellion started as a quiet protest, spoken by families of all colors and creeds -– families who just wanted a fair shot for their children, and a fair hearing for their concerns.
 But then the quiet voices became a loud chorus -- as thousands of citizens now spoke out together, from cities small and large, all across our country.
 Finally, the chorus became an earthquake – and the people turned out by the tens of millions, and they were all united by one very simple, but crucial demand, that America must put its own citizens first ... because only then, can we truly MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
 Dying industries will come roaring back to life. Heroic veterans will get the care they so desperately need.
 Our military will be given the resources its brave warriors so richly deserve.
 Crumbling infrastructure will be replaced with new roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and railways gleaming across our beautiful land.
 Our terrible drug epidemic will slow down and ultimately, stop.
 And our neglected inner cities will see a rebirth of hope, safety, and opportunity.
 Above all else, we will keep our promises to the American people.
 It’s been a little over a month since my inauguration, and I want to take this moment to update the Nation on the progress I’ve made in keeping those promises.
 Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Walmart, and many others, have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs.
 The stock market has gained almost three trillion dollars in value since the election on November 8th, a record. We’ve saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price of the fantastic new F-35 jet fighter, and will be saving billions more dollars on contracts all across our Government. We have placed a hiring freeze on non-military and non-essential Federal workers.
 We have begun to drain the swamp of government corruption by imposing a 5 year ban on lobbying by executive branch officials –- and a lifetime ban on becoming lobbyists for a foreign government.
 We have undertaken a historic effort to massively reduce job‑crushing regulations, creating a deregulation task force inside of every Government agency; imposing a new rule which mandates that for every 1 new regulation, 2 old regulations must be eliminated; and stopping a regulation that threatens the future and livelihoods of our great coal miners.
 We have cleared the way for the construction of the Keystone and Dakota Access Pipelines -- thereby creating tens of thousands of jobs -- and I’ve issued a new directive that new American pipelines be made with American steel.
 We have withdrawn the United States from the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership.
 With the help of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, we have formed a Council with our neighbors in Canada to help ensure that women entrepreneurs have access to the networks, markets and capital they need to start a business and live out their financial dreams.
 To protect our citizens, I have directed the Department of Justice to form a Task Force on Reducing Violent Crime.
 I have further ordered the Departments of Homeland Security and Justice, along with the Department of State and the Director of National Intelligence, to coordinate an aggressive strategy to dismantle the criminal cartels that have spread across our Nation.
 We will stop the drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth -- and we will expand treatment for those who have become so badly addicted.
 At the same time, my Administration has answered the pleas of the American people for immigration enforcement and border security. By finally enforcing our immigration laws, we will raise wages, help the unemployed, save billions of dollars, and make our communities safer for everyone. We want all Americans to succeed –- but that can’t happen in an environment of lawless chaos. We must restore integrity and the rule of law to our borders.
 For that reason, we will soon begin the construction of a great wall along our southern border. It will be started ahead of schedule and, when finished, it will be a very effective weapon against drugs and crime.
 As we speak, we are removing gang members, drug dealers and criminals that threaten our communities and prey on our citizens. Bad ones are going out as I speak tonight and as I have promised.
 To any in Congress who do not believe we should enforce our laws, I would ask you this question: what would you say to the American family that loses their jobs, their income, or a loved one, because America refused to uphold its laws and defend its borders?
 Our obligation is to serve, protect, and defend the citizens of the United States. We are also taking strong measures to protect our Nation from Radical Islamic Terrorism.
 According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted for terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country. We have seen the attacks at home -– from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and yes, even the World Trade Center.
 We have seen the attacks in France, in Belgium, in Germany and all over the world.
 It is not compassionate, but reckless, to allow uncontrolled entry from places where proper vetting cannot occur. Those given the high honor of admission to the United States should support this country and love its people and its values.
 We cannot allow a beachhead of terrorism to form inside America -- we cannot allow our Nation to become a sanctuary for extremists.
 That is why my Administration has been working on improved vetting procedures, and we will shortly take new steps to keep our Nation safe -- and to keep out those who would do us harm.
 As promised, I directed the Department of Defense to develop a plan to demolish and destroy ISIS -- a network of lawless savages that have slaughtered Muslims and Christians, and men, women, and children of all faiths and beliefs. We will work with our allies, including our friends and allies in the Muslim world, to extinguish this vile enemy from our planet.
 I have also imposed new sanctions on entities and individuals who support Iran’s ballistic missile program, and reaffirmed our unbreakable alliance with the State of Israel.
 Finally, I have kept my promise to appoint a Justice to the United States Supreme Court -- from my list of 20 judges -- who will defend our Constitution. I am honored to have Maureen Scalia with us in the gallery tonight. Her late, great husband, Antonin Scalia, will forever be a symbol of American justice. To fill his seat, we have chosen Judge Neil Gorsuch, a man of incredible skill, and deep devotion to the law. He was confirmed unanimously to the Court of Appeals, and I am asking the Senate to swiftly approve his nomination.
 Tonight, as I outline the next steps we must take as a country, we must honestly acknowledge the circumstances we inherited.
 Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force.
 Over 43 million people are now living in poverty, and over 43 million Americans are on food stamps.
 More than 1 in 5 people in their prime working years are not working.
 We have the worst financial recovery in 65 years.
 In the last 8 years, the past Administration has put on more new debt than nearly all other Presidents combined.
 We’ve lost more than one-fourth of our manufacturing jobs since NAFTA was approved, and we’ve lost 60,000 factories since China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001.
 Our trade deficit in goods with the world last year was nearly $800 billion dollars.
 And overseas, we have inherited a series of tragic foreign policy disasters.
 Solving these, and so many other pressing problems, will require us to work past the differences of party. It will require us to tap into the American spirit that has overcome every challenge throughout our long and storied history.
 But to accomplish our goals at home and abroad, we must restart the engine of the American economy -- making it easier for companies to do business in the United States, and much harder for companies to leave.
 Right now, American companies are taxed at one of the highest rates anywhere in the world.
 My economic team is developing historic tax reform that will reduce the tax rate on our companies so they can compete and thrive anywhere and with anyone. At the same time, we will provide massive tax relief for the middle class.
 We must create a level playing field for American companies and workers.
 Currently, when we ship products out of America, many other countries make us pay very high tariffs and taxes -- but when foreign companies ship their products into America, we charge them almost nothing.
 I just met with officials and workers from a great American company, Harley-Davidson. In fact, they proudly displayed five of their magnificent motorcycles, made in the USA, on the front lawn of the White House.
 At our meeting, I asked them, how are you doing, how is business? They said that it’s good. I asked them further how they are doing with other countries, mainly international sales. They told me -- without even complaining because they have been mistreated for so long that they have become used to it -- that it is very hard to do business with other countries because they tax our goods at such a high rate. They said that in one case another country taxed their motorcycles at 100 percent.
 They weren’t even asking for change. But I am.
 I believe strongly in free trade but it also has to be FAIR TRADE.
 The first Republican President, Abraham Lincoln, warned that the “abandonment of the protective policy by the American Government [will] produce want and ruin among our people.”
 Lincoln was right -- and it is time we heeded his words. I am not going to let America and its great companies and workers, be taken advantage of anymore.
 I am going to bring back millions of jobs. Protecting our workers also means reforming our system of legal immigration. The current, outdated system depresses wages for our poorest workers, and puts great pressure on taxpayers.
 Nations around the world, like Canada, Australia and many others –- have a merit-based immigration system. It is a basic principle that those seeking to enter a country ought to be able to support themselves financially. Yet, in America, we do not enforce this rule, straining the very public resources that our poorest citizens rely upon. According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs America’s taxpayers many billions of dollars a year.
 Switching away from this current system of lower-skilled immigration, and instead adopting a merit-based system, will have many benefits: it will save countless dollars, raise workers’ wages, and help struggling families –- including immigrant families –- enter the middle class.
I believe that real and positive immigration reform is possible, as long as we focus on the following goals: to improve jobs and wages for Americans, to strengthen our nation’s security, and to restore respect for our laws.
If we are guided by the well-being of American citizens then I believe Republicans and Democrats can work together to achieve an outcome that has eluded our country for decades.
 Another Republican President, Dwight D. Eisenhower, initiated the last truly great national infrastructure program –- the building of the interstate highway system. The time has come for a new program of national rebuilding.
 America has spent approximately six trillion dollars in the Middle East, all this while our infrastructure at home is crumbling. With this six trillion dollars we could have rebuilt our country –- twice. And maybe even three times if we had people who had the ability to negotiate.
 To launch our national rebuilding, I will be asking the Congress to approve legislation that produces a $1 trillion investment in the infrastructure of the United States -- financed through both public and private capital –- creating millions of new jobs.
 This effort will be guided by two core principles: Buy American, and Hire American.
 Tonight, I am also calling on this Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare with reforms that expand choice, increase access, lower costs, and at the same time, provide better Healthcare.
 Mandating every American to buy government-approved health insurance was never the right solution for America. The way to make health insurance available to everyone is to lower the cost of health insurance, and that is what we will do.
 Obamacare premiums nationwide have increased by double and triple digits. As an example, Arizona went up 116 percent last year alone. Governor Matt Bevin of Kentucky just said Obamacare is failing in his State -- it is unsustainable and collapsing.
 One third of counties have only one insurer on the exchanges –- leaving many Americans with no choice at all.
 Remember when you were told that you could keep your doctor, and keep your plan?
 We now know that all of those promises have been broken.
 Obamacare is collapsing –- and we must act decisively to protect all Americans. Action is not a choice –- it is a necessity.
 So I am calling on all Democrats and Republicans in the Congress to work with us to save Americans from this imploding Obamacare disaster.
 Here are the principles that should guide the Congress as we move to create a better healthcare system for all Americans:
 First, we should ensure that Americans with pre-existing conditions have access to coverage, and that we have a stable transition for Americans currently enrolled in the healthcare exchanges.
 Secondly, we should help Americans purchase their own coverage, through the use of tax credits and expanded Health Savings Accounts –- but it must be the plan they want, not the plan forced on them by the Government.
 Thirdly, we should give our great State Governors the resources and flexibility they need with Medicaid to make sure no one is left out.
 Fourthly, we should implement legal reforms that protect patients and doctors from unnecessary costs that drive up the price of insurance – and work to bring down the artificially high price of drugs and bring them down immediately.
 Finally, the time has come to give Americans the freedom to purchase health insurance across State lines –- creating a truly competitive national marketplace that will bring cost way down and provide far better care.
 Everything that is broken in our country can be fixed. Every problem can be solved. And every hurting family can find healing, and hope.
 Our citizens deserve this, and so much more –- so why not join forces to finally get it done? On this and so many other things, Democrats and Republicans should get together and unite for the good of our country, and for the good of the American people.
 My administration wants to work with members in both parties to make childcare accessible and affordable, to help ensure new parents have paid family leave, to invest in women’s health, and to promote clean air and clear water, and to rebuild our military and our infrastructure.
 True love for our people requires us to find common ground, to advance the common good, and to cooperate on behalf of every American child who deserves a brighter future.
 An incredible young woman is with us this evening who should serve as an inspiration to us all.
 Today is Rare Disease day, and joining us in the gallery is a Rare Disease Survivor, Megan Crowley. Megan was diagnosed with Pompe Disease, a rare and serious illness, when she was 15 months old. She was not expected to live past 5.
 On receiving this news, Megan’s dad, John, fought with everything he had to save the life of his precious child. He founded a company to look for a cure, and helped develop the drug that saved Megan’s life. Today she is 20 years old -- and a sophomore at Notre Dame.
 Megan’s story is about the unbounded power of a father’s love for a daughter.
 But our slow and burdensome approval process at the Food and Drug Administration keeps too many advances, like the one that saved Megan’s life, from reaching those in need.
 If we slash the restraints, not just at the FDA but across our Government, then we will be blessed with far more miracles like Megan.
 In fact, our children will grow up in a Nation of miracles.
 But to achieve this future, we must enrich the mind –- and the souls –- of every American child.
 Education is the civil rights issue of our time.
 I am calling upon Members of both parties to pass an education bill that funds school choice for disadvantaged youth, including millions of African-American and Latino children. These families should be free to choose the public, private, charter, magnet, religious or home school that is right for them.
 Joining us tonight in the gallery is a remarkable woman, Denisha Merriweather. As a young girl, Denisha struggled in school and failed third grade twice. But then she was able to enroll in a private center for learning, with the help of a tax credit scholarship program. Today, she is the first in her family to graduate, not just from high school, but from college. Later this year she will get her masters degree in social work.
 We want all children to be able to break the cycle of poverty just like Denisha.
 But to break the cycle of poverty, we must also break the cycle of violence.
 The murder rate in 2015 experienced its largest single-year increase in nearly half a century.
 In Chicago, more than 4,000 people were shot last year alone –- and the murder rate so far this year has been even higher.
 This is not acceptable in our society.
 Every American child should be able to grow up in a safe community, to attend a great school, and to have access to a high-paying job.
 But to create this future, we must work with –- not against -– the men and women of law enforcement.
 We must build bridges of cooperation and trust –- not drive the wedge of disunity and division.
 Police and sheriffs are members of our community. They are friends and neighbors, they are mothers and fathers, sons and daughters – and they leave behind loved ones every day who worry whether or not they’ll come home safe and sound.
 We must support the incredible men and women of law enforcement.
 And we must support the victims of crime.
 I have ordered the Department of Homeland Security to create an office to serve American Victims. The office is called VOICE –- Victims Of Immigration Crime Engagement. We are providing a voice to those who have been ignored by our media, and silenced by special interests.
 Joining us in the audience tonight are four very brave Americans whose government failed them.
 Their names are Jamiel Shaw, Susan Oliver, Jenna Oliver, and Jessica Davis.
 Jamiel’s 17-year-old son was viciously murdered by an illegal immigrant gang member, who had just been released from prison. Jamiel Shaw Jr. was an incredible young man, with unlimited potential who was getting ready to go to college where he would have excelled as a great quarterback. But he never got the chance. His father, who is in the audience tonight, has become a good friend of mine.
 Also with us are Susan Oliver and Jessica Davis. Their husbands –- Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver and Detective Michael Davis –- were slain in the line of duty in California. They were pillars of their community. These brave men were viciously gunned down by an illegal immigrant with a criminal record and two prior deportations.
 Sitting with Susan is her daughter, Jenna. Jenna: I want you to know that your father was a hero, and that tonight you have the love of an entire country supporting you and praying for you.
 To Jamiel, Jenna, Susan and Jessica: I want you to know –- we will never stop fighting for justice. Your loved ones will never be forgotten, we will always honor their memory.
 Finally, to keep America Safe we must provide the men and women of the United States military with the tools they need to prevent war and –- if they must –- to fight and to win.
 I am sending the Congress a budget that rebuilds the military, eliminates the Defense sequester, and calls for one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history.
 My budget will also increase funding for our veterans.
 Our veterans have delivered for this Nation –- and now we must deliver for them.
 The challenges we face as a Nation are great. But our people are even greater.
 And none are greater or braver than those who fight for America in uniform.
 We are blessed to be joined tonight by Carryn Owens, the widow of a U.S. Navy Special Operator, Senior Chief William “Ryan” Owens. Ryan died as he lived: a warrior, and a hero –- battling against terrorism and securing our Nation.
 I just spoke to General Mattis, who reconfirmed that, and I quote, “Ryan was a part of a highly successful raid that generated large amounts of vital intelligence that will lead to many more victories in the future against our enemies.” Ryan’s legacy is etched into eternity. For as the Bible teaches us, there is no greater act of love than to lay down one’s life for one’s friends. Ryan laid down his life for his friends, for his country, and for our freedom –- we will never forget him.
 To those allies who wonder what kind of friend America will be, look no further than the heroes who wear our uniform.
 Our foreign policy calls for a direct, robust and meaningful engagement with the world. It is American leadership based on vital security interests that we share with our allies across the globe.
 We strongly support NATO, an alliance forged through the bonds of two World Wars that dethroned fascism, and a Cold War that defeated communism.
 But our partners must meet their financial obligations.
 And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that.
 We expect our partners, whether in NATO, in the Middle East, or the Pacific –- to take a direct and meaningful role in both strategic and military operations, and pay their fair share of the cost.
 We will respect historic institutions, but we will also respect the sovereign rights of nations.
 Free nations are the best vehicle for expressing the will of the people –- and America respects the right of all nations to chart their own path. My job is not to represent the world. My job is to represent the United States of America. But we know that America is better off, when there is less conflict -- not more.
 We must learn from the mistakes of the past –- we have seen the war and destruction that have raged across our world.
 The only long-term solution for these humanitarian disasters is to create the conditions where displaced persons can safely return home and begin the long process of rebuilding.
 America is willing to find new friends, and to forge new partnerships, where shared interests align. We want harmony and stability, not war and conflict.
 We want peace, wherever peace can be found. America is friends today with former enemies. Some of our closest allies, decades ago, fought on the opposite side of these World Wars. This history should give us all faith in the possibilities for a better world.
 Hopefully, the 250th year for America will see a world that is more peaceful, more just and more free.
 On our 100th anniversary, in 1876, citizens from across our Nation came to Philadelphia to celebrate America’s centennial. At that celebration, the country’s builders and artists and inventors showed off their creations.
 Alexander Graham Bell displayed his telephone for the first time.
 Remington unveiled the first typewriter. An early attempt was made at electric light.
 Thomas Edison showed an automatic telegraph and an electric pen.
 Imagine the wonders our country could know in America’s 250th year.
 Think of the marvels we can achieve if we simply set free the dreams of our people.
 Cures to illnesses that have always plagued us are not too much to hope.
 American footprints on distant worlds are not too big a dream.
 Millions lifted from welfare to work is not too much to expect.
 And streets where mothers are safe from fear -- schools where children learn in peace -- and jobs where Americans prosper and grow -- are not too much to ask.
 When we have all of this, we will have made America greater than ever before. For all Americans.
 This is our vision. This is our mission.
 But we can only get there together.
 We are one people, with one destiny.
 We all bleed the same blood.
 We all salute the same flag.
 And we are all made by the same God.
 And when we fulfill this vision; when we celebrate our 250 years of glorious freedom, we will look back on tonight as when this new chapter of American Greatness began.
 The time for small thinking is over. The time for trivial fights is behind us.
 We just need the courage to share the dreams that fill our hearts.
 The bravery to express the hopes that stir our souls.
 And the confidence to turn those hopes and dreams to action.
 From now on, America will be empowered by our aspirations, not burdened by our fears –-
 inspired by the future, not bound by the failures of the past –-
 and guided by our vision, not blinded by our doubts.
 I am asking all citizens to embrace this Renewal of the American Spirit. I am asking all members of Congress to join me in dreaming big, and bold and daring things for our country. And I am asking everyone watching tonight to seize this moment and --
 Believe in yourselves.
 Believe in your future.
 And believe, once more, in America.
 Thank you, God bless you, and God Bless these United States.



ARTICLE
The Trump administration claimed on Sunday that no Americans would lose money under the controversial Republican plan to overhaul healthcare, an extraordinary promise that experts have so far widely contradicted.
Tom Price, Trump’s health and human services secretary, told NBC’s Meet The Press that “nobody will be worse off financially” under the party’s Affordable Care Act replacement proposal, which has come under withering bipartisan criticism.
Analysts have concluded that the Republican plan, the American Health Care Act, would in fact drastically cut tax credits for many people who buy health insurance on the open market; allow insurance companies to charge older people more; and sharply cut Medicaid, the government program that provides free or low-cost healthcare to the poorest Americans.
Insurance industry figures have also warned that, by scrapping the government mandate that forces Americans to buy health insurance, the plan will push more younger and healthier people away from buying coverage, which would sharply increase prices for those who do.
At the same time, tax cuts within the plan would save people earning $1m a year or more about $157bn over the next 10 years, according to the Joint Committee on Taxation, a non-partisan congressional panel.
Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, the former Democratic presidential candidate, said on Sunday that the Republican bill was an “absolute disaster” and “a disgrace” that had been put forward with a “cowardly” lack of transparency.
“What this has everything to do with is a massive shift of wealth from working people and middle-income people to the very richest people in this country,” Sanders said on CBS’s Face The Nation.
The Congressional Budget Office, a non-partisan research office, is expected to say early next week in its “scoring” of the plan that the overhaul would also result in millions of people losing health insurance coverage.
Paul Ryan, the House speaker, claimed on Sunday that while “on paper” the Republican plan indeed appeared to provide coverage to fewer Americans than the existing Affordable Care Act (also known as Obamacare), ultimately the Republican plan would encourage more coverage by “lowering the cost”.
“But we’re not going to make an American do what they don’t want to do,” Ryan told CBS. “You get it if you want it. That’s freedom.”
The plan also continued to come under heavy fire from within the Republican party. Rightwing members of the House of Representatives complain that it does not go far enough in dismantling Obama’s system, while members of the Senate warn that it is too radical to pass the upper chamber.
Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas, who has become one of the party’s most outspoken critics of the bill, said it “would have adverse consequences for millions of Americans” and had no chance of being passed by the Senate in its current form. Although far to the right of many of his Senate peers, Cotton said the plan could well be toxic for Republicans in the 2018 midterm elections.
“I’m afraid that if they vote for this bill, they’re going to put the House majority at risk next year,” Cotton said of his colleagues who control the lower chamber on ABC’s This Week.
Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina, the chairman of the hardline conservative Freedom Caucus, told CNN’s State of the Union on Sunday that he and his colleagues were “not even close at this point” to supporting the Republican plan, which he said required significant alterations.
Republican governors, too, have moved against the plan. Governor John Kasich of Ohio, a former presidential candidate, flatly rejected Vice-President Mike Pence’s claim that the bill would give his state resources to “literally offer our most vulnerable citizens even better coverage”.
Appearing on NBC’s Meet the Press, Kasich was asked: “Is he right?” 
“No, he’s not right,” Kasich answered, citing his state’s 700,000-person Medicaid expansion, which would be rocked by changes to coverage for mental health, drug addiction and chronic illness. “The bill needs a fix. The current system doesn’t work,” he said. “But you don’t want to throw the baby out with the bathwater.”
Mick Mulvaney, Trump’s budget director, told CNN the Republican proposal released last week was a “framework” to begin work. “But we encourage the House and the Senate to try and make the bill better.”
Mulvaney echoed the Republican leaders’ promises that healthcare costs would eventually fall, despite continued findings that the tax credits allowing millions of people to afford coverage would immediately shrink.
A report by the Kaiser Family Foundation, a healthcare nonprofit, concluded last week: “Generally, people who are older, lower-income, or live in high-premium areas (like Alaska and Arizona) receive larger tax credits under the ACA than they would under the American Health Care Act replacement.”
The Kaiser analysis estimated that a 60-year-old in a rural, Trump-voting West Virginia county, earning $30,000 a year, would face an $8,000 reduction in tax credits under the Republican plan. When reminded of this finding on Sunday, Price said this failed to take into account that the person in question should have more choice under the Republican plan’s marketization.
“Who knows what that 60-year-old wants? I know that the federal government doesn’t know what that 60-year-old wants,” said Price.



ARTICLE
Republicans in Congress have unveiled a bill to fulfil their long-held desire to scrap President Obama’s Affordable Care Act (ACA). 
The America Health Care Act (AHCA) is a draft bill to cut back the government’s role in healthcare with a more market-orientated system. It seeks to replace the ACA, Barack Obama’s flagship domestic achievement and what became known as Obamacare. The proposed changes have inevitably already been labelled Trumpcare.
Yes. Trump frequently pledged to repeal Obamacare on the campaign trail and has tweeted his official endorsement of the bill, which his officials helped to draw up. 
The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, said the bill was an “important step toward restoring healthcare choice and affordability”.
Not entirely. It scraps some of the key features of Obamacare, notably the individual mandate that taxes people who don’t purchase health insurance. But its proposed replacements on this and many other aspects represent something of a compromise, reflecting the difficult and unprecedented task of reversing a huge welfare programme and the significant support for the existing system. 
Under the AHCA, Americans would have to pay a surcharge if they allow their health insurance to lapse. Insurers would be allowed to charge an extra 30% for a year to those who allow their cover to lapse for more than 63 days. 
Income-based subsidies will be replaced with aged-based tax credits to encourage people to buy insurances on the open market. The credits will rise with age starting at $2,000 (£1,640) a year for under-30s and rising to $4,000 a year for those aged 60 and over. Whole households would be limited to $14,000 in tax credits and credits would be phased out for those earning more than $75,000 a year. 
The bill thereby reverses the current tax increases on higher earners. Those who earn more than $48,280 get no help under Obamacare. The new system would give tax credits to anyone earning under $75,000. Tax levied on drugs, tanning services and health savings accounts would also be dropped. 
It will phase out the expansion of Medicaid – a scheme that helps 70 million poor and disabled Americans. Republicans had initially threatened to immediately halt the expansion of Medicaid in 31 states that opted to participate in it.
Instead, Medicaid expansion will be phased out from 2019. The current open-ended entitlement to Medicaid funding will be replaced with a per-person lump sum paid to the states. 
The bill also bows to pressure from anti-abortion groups by making women’s health organisation Planned Parenthood ineligible for Medicaid or federal family planning grants. It also delays until 2025, the “Cadillac tax” – a levy on the highest cost employer-provided plans.
Yes. Under Obamacare, insurers can charge older people up to three times more than younger people for insurance. Under the Republican plan, this limit will rise to five times more. 
The most popular parts of the current system will be preserved. These include: ending lifetime caps on coverage; allowing adult children to stay on their parents’ healthcare plan until the age of 26 and banning insurers from denying coverage, or imposing higher charges, on people with pre-existing medical problems. 
Obamacare helped 20 million previously uninsured Americans to get healthcare and it is feared that the bill will leave many of these without health cover. Under the existing system, the poorest get the most help. The Republicans’ proposals are more market-oriented, based mostly on age, with an element on income. 
The bill will also reduce the number of poorer people helped under Medicaid. It is feared that of those on marginal incomes only the sickest, who really need insurance, will be prepared to pay the surcharge on lapsed plans. Estimates of the impact of the proposals and their costs have yet to be carried out by the independent Congressional Budget Office. 
Although Republicans control both the House and narrowly the Senate, there is a significant minority of Republicans who have voiced their opposition to the plan. Some think it goes too far. Four Republican senators have publicly stated that they cannot support eliminating the expansion of Medicaid. Other Republicans think the bill doesn’t goes far enough, such as Senator Rand Paul, who described the plans as “Obamacare-lite” and Representative Justin Amash, who called it “Obamacare 2.0”. Just three Republican defections in the Senate would be enough to defeat the bill, assuming all Democrats vote against it. 



ARTICLE
On 2 January 2016, Ammon Bundy and a group of armed militants seized the headquarters of a remote wildlife refuge outpost in south-eastern Oregon. On 20 January 2017, Donald Trump and an unarmed band of extremists seized (through an election, it’s true, but one in which Trump lost the popular vote by a wide margin) the White House, and their first week in power has seemed as bellicose and extreme. Or more so really, since the scope is so much larger. As the journalist Jonathan Katz quipped: “First they came for the Latinos, Muslims, women, gays, poor people, intellectuals and scientists and then it was Wednesday.”
They seem to have launched a crusade against almost everything and everyone. We’ve returned the favor. Saturday’s women’s march was probably the biggest protest in American history. It included small demonstrations from Homer, Alaska, to Abeline, Texas, as well as huge ones from Los Angeles to Washington , and it gave rise to the remark that “Donald Trump just set the world record for the guy rejected by more women in a single day in the history of humanity”. The new administration launched a war against reproductive rights internationally by reinstating the so-called global gag order (there is a lot of gagging going on this week) and against funding all of the 25 programs managed by the Department of Justice’s office on violence against women. 
They also immediately launched a war against truth, facts, science and transparency, especially as they relate to climate change. In response, scientists –who climate activists have been trying to prod into taking political stands for decades, and who mostly haven’t – are now organizing a march of their own. Employees at the EPA, the National Park Service, Nasa, and other traditionally neutral branches of government appear to be scared, furious, and ready to fight back, whether it’s continuing to share climate information or speaking out. 
After the park service was told to shut up for tweeting information on the comparatively small size of the inauguration crowd, Badlands national park kept sending out climate information, and then a handful of independent voices began speaking up on Twitter, including @AltUSNatParkService, which said on 24 January: “Mr Trump, you may have taken us down officially. But with scientific evidence & the internet our message will get out.” It will take more than tweets, but the tweets show some very encouraging defiance. We are under attack, but we are beautifully insubordinate. 
Government employees in many branches are disgruntled or departed. Reports vary on whether the key senior staff at the state department quit or resigned, but they’re gone. Former CIA employees and off-the-record current employees report being disgusted and insulted by Trump’s rambling, self-glorifying speech at CIA headquarters the day after his inauguration. Former CIA deputy director Philip Mudd said on CNN, “It feels like we’re on Mr Toad’s Wild Ride here.” Mr Toad was notable for his vanity and his tendency to drive his motorcar into the ditch. Trump’s offhand remark during his CIA visit, that we should have taken Iraq’s oil, is sure to stir up alarm and resentment in the Middle East.
Meanwhile, his remarks about the border wall were so inflammatory that Mexico’s current president, Enrique Peña Nieto, cancelled his visit to Washington, former president Vicente Fox tweeted a series of attacks on Trump, and the National Review warned that stirring up fury in Mexico could help bring a leftist to power there. China is rattling whatever the modern equivalent of sabers is. The new administration is building disasters as fast as they can, and what comes crashing down may crash down on them.
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed a lawsuit against Trump on Monday morning, alleging that he’s in violation of the emoluments clause of the constitution, charges that could lay the groundwork for impeachment. 
The word resistance is everywhere. Former labor secretary Robert Reich gives a daily address on Facebook Live called the Resistance Report. The group 18millionrising.org, which represents Asian and Pacific islanders in the US, has launched a “100 Days of Resistance” campaign. The Working Families party reports that on Tuesday more than 10,000 people went to congressional offices to protest against Trump. Climate and human rights groups launched Unstoppabletogether.org to link human rights, racial and environmental justice. Greenpeace hung a gigantic banner off a crane next to the White House: it said “Resist”.
Organizers tell me that hordes of people who have never been active before are looking for ways to plug in. People whose immigration status, religion or healthcare needs mean they may be directly threatened are terrified, and in many cases mobilized. Of course the Trump administration has also attacked the media; strategist Steve Bannon declared in an interview published on Thursday: “The media should be embarrassed and humiliated and keep its mouth shut.” The media has finally gotten bold about calling lies lies: the Denver Post even ran an editorial titled, “Lying Donald Trump Can’t Be Trusted”. Even the Nixon administration took long, bitter years to get to this point.
All this stirring and discord and messaging and organizing guarantees nothing, but as an indicator of popular will and institutional opposition, it’s impressive. Dislodging Trump may be one lawsuit or scandal or investigation or mental health meltdown away. Or it may take years of broadly coordinated grassroots effort, or it may come down to the next presidential election. Either way, it’s an unprecedented beginning, one that feels like a civil war, but a civil war in which a lot of civil society is already passionately engaged against the government – or what remains of a government that has turned its own employees across many departments against it. We’ve never seen anything like it. It destabilizes almost everything, and that’s both horrific and full of possibility.



ARTICLE
Congressional leaders sounded confident on Tuesday that they would be able to row back from the brink of a government shutdown after Donald Trump signaled a softening on his demand for immediate funding of the wall along the US-Mexico border.
Though Trump insisted that his controversial plan to build a barrier along the southern border would begin “soon”, Republican lawmakers on Capitol Hill were reportedly pressing ahead with a spending plan that included no such funding. Congress has until Friday to approve a spending package to avoid a shutdown of the federal government.
“The president’s 11th-hour demand threatened to upend the progress. We’re pleased he’s backing off,” the Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer, said during a press conference on Tuesday.
Though he would not offer details, Schumer said the bipartisan group of negotiators involved in crafting the spending package were taking the signals from Trump and his team “at face value” and proceeding on the basis that funding for the wall would not be a part of the package. 
“The fact that the wall is now off the table – Americans should breathe a huge sigh of relief, the negotiations can resume and move forward,” he said. 
Trump and his team had previously been resolute in their demand for funding in the omnibus plan. Trump’s budget director, Mick Mulvaney, has said the White House proposed a dollar-for-dollar funding deal between the wall and healthcare subsides for low-income Americans.
Democrats have remained opposed to allocating funds for a wall and Republicans need their support to pass the spending bill. 
On Tuesday, Republicans moved to avert an impasse – and threat of a shutdown – and proposed a spending bill that included no funding for the wall, according to the Washington Post. As a trade-off, the plan includes increased money for border security and defense spending. 
There are still several sticking points in the negotiations. Democrats are wary of “poison pill riders” and want to see the spending bill extend health provisions for coalminers, provide relief for Puerto Rico, and fund Obamacare subsidies, Schumer said. 
The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, said he was hopeful lawmakers would reach a bipartisan agreement within the next few days. Asked if Congress would opt instead to pass a stopgap measure to buy more time to negotiate, McConnell said he was optimistic that lawmakers would reach an agreement on legislation that would fund the government through the end of the fiscal year, on 30 September.
Trump indicated that he was backing away from his border wall demand during a meeting with representatives of conservative media outlets on Monday night. Trump told reporters that he is open to waiting until negotiations for next year’s budget to push for the allocation of funds along the US-Mexico border, according to the accounts of several attendees.
Yet the president was adamant that his concession on the spending bill did not signal that he was any less committed to building the wall, a signature campaign promise. 
“Don’t let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL,” Trump tweeted on Tuesday. “It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc.”
Kellyanne Conway, the president’s counselor, said that Trump remains committed to constructing the wall but suggested that the president was willing to wait for funding in the interest of avoiding a shutdown. 
“Building that wall and having it funded remains an important priority to him,” Conway said in an appearance on Fox & Friends on Tuesday morning. “But we also know that that can happen later this year and into next year. And in the interim, you see other smart technology and other resources and tools being used toward border security.”
A shutdown would be disastrous for Republicans, who control both chambers of Congress and the White House. It would also come on the president’s 100th day in office, a significant milestone that threatens to be overshadowed if Congress and the White House fail to keep the government open.
Despite reservations from liberals and conservatives about the cost and complications of building a barrier on the southern border, Trump on Tuesday doubled down on his commitment to it. 
“We’re already preparing,” Trump said. “We’re doing plans, we’re doing specifications, we’re doing a lot of work on the wall, and the wall is going to get built.”
Asked at the agricultural event when he expected construction to begin, Trump replied “soon” and specified that it would be completed during his first term as president. 
“We have plenty of time,” Trump said. “We’ve got a lot of time.”



ARTICLE
Betsy DeVos, the controversial newly appointed secretary of education, is facing scorn on Capitol Hill and around the country after releasing a statement that compared the emergence of historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs), amid pervasive and overt racial exclusion, with the battle for “school choice”.
In a statement tied to a listening session with HBCU leaders, DeVos said HBCUs “are living proof that when more options are provided to students, they are afforded greater access and greater quality”.
“HBCUs are real pioneers when it comes to school choice,” the statement said.
DeVos appeared to by trying to make the point, popular with conservatives, that when schools operate in a marketplace, they tend to fill the otherwise unserved needs of students. 
To many the intended argument didn’t survive the contradiction of associating HBCUs, born out of necessity when black Americans were almost uniformly barred from existing universities by racist admittance policies, with the idea of “choice”.
“Yesterday’s attempt to whitewash the the stain of segregation into an argument for privatizing our public schools is perhaps a new low in her current position,” said the Michigan congressman John Conyers, who also called the statement “shocking and insulting”.
The comparison was also awkward because the issue of “school choice” virtually always refers not to colleges but to K-12 education where, traditionally, students are assigned to a public school district according to their address. 
“School choice” is at the foundation of DeVos’s public education agenda. The billionaire education secretary, with no formal background in the field, has long been a proponent of allowing parents to opt out of public schools. Most experts in the field counter that school voucher systems and other similar programs tend to exacerbate the unequal distribution of educational resources. “These schemes do nothing to help our most vulnerable students while they ignore or exacerbate glaring opportunity gaps,” argued the National Education Association in November in reaction to her nomination by Donald Trump.
Nikole Hannah Jones, a reporter who has written extensively on school segregation, added that much of the contemporary conservative rhetoric about school choice is actually a function of the same racist, segregationist impulses that made HBCUs necessary in the 19th-century US. In many places in the country, the push for school choice has been pioneered by white parents seeking ways to remove their children from integrated or predominantly black public schools.
DeVos’s statement comes, somewhat ironically, as Trump signs an executive order to relocate the White House Initiative on HBCUs, a program that has existed since 1980, to the White House. It had previously been administered by DeVos’s Department of Education, but will now be led by an official who reports to a senior adviser to the president.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump plans to unveil a major tax reform package on Wednesday, aiming to blunt criticism over a lack of legislative achievements and his refusal to release his own tax returns.
“We’ll be having a big announcement on Wednesday having to do with tax reform,” the president said on Friday during a visit to the treasury department. “The process has begun long ago, but it really formally begins on Wednesday. So go to it.”
Steven Mnuchin, the treasury secretary, replied: “All right, Mr President.”
Earlier, Trump told the Associated Press that businesses and individuals will receive a “massive tax cut” in the plan. He did not give further details, saying only that the revamp will be “bigger I believe than any tax cut ever”.
The president had been expected to push for tax reform after repealing and replacing Barack Obama’s healthcare legislation, but that effort crashed and burned in Congress. The details of the tax bill are likely to be complicated by the continued uncertainty over healthcare reform, which is currently being renegotiated.
Some commentators suggest that Trump is rushing the tax announcement to give his administration a shot in the arm before the symbolic marker of its 100th day. Mnuchin had initially set a target of passing tax reform bill by August and still hopes to get it done well before the end of the year.
But a repeat of the healthcare debacle is possible regarding tax. Republicans are split over issues such as a border adjustment tax on imports, while Democrats have vowed opposition until the president follows 40 years of tradition by making his own tax returns public.
The White House sought to build some momentum on Friday with an effort to examine and potentially dismantle some of Obama’s tax and financial regulations.
Trump signed an executive order to review major regulations set last year and simplify America’s notorious tax filing process. He said: “Such a big thing. People can’t do their returns. They have no idea what they’re doing. They’re too complicated. 
“This regulatory reduction is the first step toward a tax reform that reduces rates, provides relief to our middle class, and lowers our business tax, which is one of the highest in the world and has stopped us from so much wealth and productivity.”
The White House claims that individuals and businesses currently spend 6.1bn hours collectively complying with the tax code, costing the US economy $234.4bn a year in time and expenses. The basic 1040 tax form has grown from 34 lines and two pages of instructions to 79 lines and 211 pages of instructions.
The review could give greater scope for companies looking to shelter income overseas, or simply seeking to reduce paperwork related to the enforcement of such regulations. It might also touch on overlapping rules designed to stop foreign-based companies from shifting their US profits abroad.
Watched by congresswoman Claudia Tenney of New York and Senator David Perdue of Georgia, the president put his name to two memos to possibly reconsider major elements of the 2010 Dodd-Frank reforms passed in the wake of the financial crisis and designed to stop banks from growing “too big to fail” and requiring public bailouts.
“I’m also issuing two directives that instruct Secretary Mnuchin to review the damaging Dodd-Frank regulations that failed to hold Wall Street firms accountable,” Trump said. “I mean, they’ve done really, in many cases, the opposite of what they were supposed to. These regulations enshrine ‘too big to fail’ and encourage risky behavior.” 
Trump spoke in the treasury secretary’s third floor corner office at a lectern between the secretary’s desk and a fireplace. A portrait of Alexander Hamilton, the first treasury secretary, looked down.
It was Trump’s first visit to the department, which is located on the White House grounds. About 400 to 500 staff lined the steps on either side to greet him. He was followed by his daughter, Ivanka Trump; advisers Jared Kushner and Stephen Miller; and press secretary Sean Spicer.
“I went through that beautiful hallway where those incredible paintings of past secretaries, and it was really very interesting,” he mused. “I want to read every one, I want to learn about every one of them, but we have one that I hope will go down as one of the greats.”
He said to Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs banker and hedge fund manager: “I think Hamilton is tough to beat, but maybe you can do that too. We’ll take it, right?”
Hamilton, who died in a duel in 1804, has enjoyed a resurgence in popular culture thanks to Lin-Manuel Miranda’s award-winning musical Hamilton. In November, Trump dismissed the Broadway hit as “highly overrated” after its cast addressed Vice-president Mike Pence with their concerns about the administration at the end of a show.



ARTICLE
Republicans cleared the first hurdle early on Thursday in their plan for a massive overhaul of the US healthcare system backed by Donald Trump, despite Democratic concerns that the cost of the bill and its impact on the budget remain unknown.
The House of Representatives ways and means committee approved the bill to replace Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act along party lines on Thursday morning after debating the draft legislation for nearly 18 hours.
 The chamber’s energy and commerce committee continued its own marathon session, two days after the proposal was unveiled by Republican leaders.
 “This is an historic step, an important step in the repeal of Obamacare,” said Republican Kevin Brady, chairman of the House ways and means committee, after the committee voted 23-16 on the measure.
 Congress is hoping to pass the bill, which would roll back much of the 2010 Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, within a few weeks. The bill would remove the individual mandate for people to buy insurance, reverse most Obamacare taxes, introduce a new, smaller system of tax credits based on age rather than income, and overhaul Medicaid, the government health insurance program for the poor.
 The committee, which was looking at the tax-related provisions of the bill, made no changes, despite dozens of attempts by Democrats to introduce amendments.
 Hospitals, doctors, insurers and patient advocates had appealed to Congress after the draft was released on Monday to reconsider the broad cuts and how they would affect healthcare.
 The bill is Trump’s first legislative test and the fast-emerging disorder around it comes after the chaos triggered by his travel ban on citizens from several Muslim-majority nations, which he later had to revise.
Trump and fellow Republicans campaigned last year on a pledge to dismantle the Obamacare healthcare law, the signature domestic policy achievement of Obama, calling it a government overreach that had ruined the more than $3tn US healthcare system.
 Obamacare, condemned by Republicans since its passage in 2010, enabled 20 million previously uninsured people to obtain coverage, about half through an expansion – which the new bill would end – of Medicaid, the government health insurance program for the poor.
 Republican lawmakers face resistance from conservatives within their own ranks who say the bill, which would create a system of tax credits to coax people to buy private insurance on the open market, is not radical enough.
 Democrats denounce it as a gift to the rich and say informed debate on the plan is impossible without knowing its cost.
 “Republicans should not advance Trumpcare until Congress and the people we represent understand the full scope of its impact,” Senator Chris Van Hollen, a Democratic member of the Senate budget committee, said in a statement on Wednesday.
 Democrats mounted four adjournment motions on the floor of the House on Wednesday, threatening to disrupt the two committee debates, in protest at the lack of analysis of the bill by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO).
 “This is decision-making without the facts, without the evidence … afraid of the facts,” the House Democratic leader, Nancy Pelosi, told reporters.
 Republicans said they had asked the CBO to “score” the bill – provide a preliminary estimate on its cost – and expect to have that analysis by the time it hits the House floor.
 “We’re all God’s children and we all want a CBO score,” said Republican representative Joe Barton from Texas.
 Dan Holler, spokesman for Heritage Action, a powerful conservative action group, also called for more information. “Americans deserve full transparency, which includes the full budget score,” he said.
 But some Republicans have cast doubt on the accuracy of CBO estimates, suggesting its initial assessment of the cost of Obamacare had proved far wide of the mark.
 “If you’re looking at the CBO for accuracy, you’re looking in the wrong place,” the White House spokesman, Sean Spicer, said on Wednesday.
 Trump and Vice-President Mike Pence met with leaders of conservative groups who have concerns about the bill on Wednesday and a White House official later said they were “open to constructive improvements that maintain the core principles and get the bill over the goal”.
 Once the two committees have approved their parts of the legislation, both will go to the House budget committee, which is expected to merge them into one bill that will then be voted on by the full House of Representatives.
The House speaker, Paul Ryan, wants that vote to happen this month so the bill can move to the Senate for consideration.
 The top US doctors’ organization and several hospital groups have come out strongly against the Republican plan, saying it would probably cause many patients to lose insurance and raise healthcare costs.
 Andrey Ostrovsky, the chief medical officer of Medicaid, said on Twitter he was aligned with other experts in opposition to the bill, breaking with the health and human services secretary, Tom Price, who has called it “a work in progress”.



ARTICLE
The FBI obtained a secret court order last summer to monitor the communications of Carter Page, an adviser to then presidential candidate Donald Trump, over suspicions he was a Russian agent, the Washington Post has reported.
Page is among the Trump associates under scrutiny as the FBI and congressional committees investigate whether any of them colluded with Moscow to skew the 2016 election in Trump’s favour. Both Page and Trump have denied any wrongdoing and portrayed the investigations as a witch-hunt. But the investigations continue to haunt the Trump administration.
The Post, citing unnamed law enforcement and other US officials, said on Tuesday that the government surveillance application laid out the basis for believing that Page had knowingly engaged in intelligence activities on Russia’s behalf. The newspaper said the application included contacts Page had with a Russian intelligence operative in 2013. 
However the report noted that Page had not been charged with any crime, and that FBI counter-intelligence investigations frequently do not lead to criminal prosecutions.
Page’s contacts with Moscow are detailed in a 2015 court filing involving a case against three men charged in connection with a cold war-style Russian spying ring. According to the filing, a man described as “Male-1” provided one of the men documents about the energy industry. Earlier this month, Page confirmed to Buzzfeed he was the unnamed male. He said he had been approached by a man presenting himself as a diplomat at the UN and did not hand over sensitive documents. He was not charged as part of that case.
Trump surprised campaign observers in March when he named Page, a previously obscure businessman who had worked in the energy sector in Russia, as a foreign policy adviser to his campaign. However, after reports surfaced in September of his alleged contacts with senior Russian officials, the Trump team distanced itself from him. 
Page, who has denied having improper ties to Russia, told the Associated Press on Tuesday he was “happy” that the court order had been revealed and blamed the Obama administration for trying to “suppress dissidents who did not fully support their failed foreign policy”.
“It will be interesting to see what comes out when the unjustified basis for those Fisa requests are more fully disclosed over time,” said Page, using an acronym to refer to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.
The Fisa court and its orders are highly secretive. Judges grant permission for surveillance if they agree there’s probable cause that the target is an agent of a foreign power. Though the standard is a high bar to meet, applications are hardly ever denied.
The Post reported that a 90-day warrant was issued for Page and had been renewed more than once by the Fisa court.
Trump aides insist the president has no relationship with Page and did not have any dealings with him during the campaign.
Page’s relationship with Russia began to draw scrutiny during the campaign after he visited Moscow in July 2016 for a speech at the New Economic School. While Page said he was traveling in a personal capacity, the school cited his role in the Trump campaign in advertising the speech.
Page was sharply critical of the US in his remarks, saying Washington had a “hypocritical focus on ideas such as democratization, inequality, corruption and regime change”.
Days later, Page talked with Russia’s ambassador to the US at an event on the sidelines of the Republican national convention. Jeff Sessions, now the US attorney general, spoke with the Russian envoy at the same event, a conversation he failed to reveal when asked about contacts with Russians during his Senate confirmation hearings.
The campaign began distancing itself from Page after his trip to Russia, saying he was only an informal adviser. By the fall, he appeared to have cut ties to the Republican campaign.
It is unclear how Page got connected with the Trump campaign. One campaign official said Page was recruited by Sam Clovis, an Iowa Republican operative who ran the Trump campaign’s policy shop and is now a senior adviser at the agriculture department. Those who served on the campaign’s foreign policy advisory committee also said they had limited contact with Page.
But in a letter Page sent to the Senate intelligence committee last month, he cast himself as a regular presence in Trump Tower, where the campaign was headquartered.
“I have frequently dined in Trump Grill, had lunch in Trump Cafe, had coffee meetings in the Starbucks at Trump Tower, attended events and spent many hours in campaign headquarters on the fifth floor last year,” Page wrote. He also noted that his office building in New York “is literally connected to the Trump Tower building by an atrium”.
In the letter, Page claimed that his mobile phone had been tapped. The former Merrill Lynch investment banker who worked out of its Moscow office for three years, now runs Global Energy Capital, a firm focused on energy sectors in emerging markets. According to the company’s website, he has advised on transactions for Gazprom and RAO UES, a pair of Russian entities.



ARTICLE
Whistleblower Edward Snowden has seized on a report that Russia is considering sending him back to the US as a “gift” to Donald Trump, saying that the story vindicates him of charges that he is a spy.
“Finally: irrefutable evidence that I never cooperated with Russian intel,” he said on Twitter. “No country trades away spies, as the rest would fear they’re next.”
Snowden was responding to a report by NBC which stated that US intelligence had collected information that Russia wanted to hand Snowden over in order to “curry favor” with Trump, who has said that the former NSA contractor is a “traitor” and a “spy” who deserves to be executed.
The report – based on two sources in the intelligence community – said the intelligence had been gathered since Trump’s inauguration. The Guardian was unable to independently verify the report. 
Snowden’s ACLU lawyer, Ben Wizner, did not immediately respond to requests for comment. However, he told NBC News he was unaware of any plan to return his client to the US.
“Team Snowden has received no such signals and has no new reason for concern,” Wizner said.
Russia granted Snowden asylum in 2013 and a three-year residency in 2014. Snowden has been living in exile in Moscow, facing charges in the US including violations of the US Espionage Act for leaking documents about secret mass surveillance programs.
Speaking at a GOP candidate debate in March 2016, Trump said of Snowden: “I said he was a spy and we should get him back. And if Russia respected our country, they would have sent him back immediately, but he was a spy. It didn’t take me a long time to figure that one out.”
The Kremlin publicly dismissed these claims.
Snowden offered a longer explanation of his feelings of vindication when he was interviewed by Katie Couric in December 2016, when rumours of a Russian handover first started circulating.
He described the suggestion as vindication that he was“independent”. He added: “The fact that I’ve always worked on behalf of the United States and the fact that Russia doesn’t own me. In fact the Russian government may see me as a sort of liability.”
Snowden suggested that a reason why Russia might want to return him was his recent criticism of the Kremlin’s human rights record and his suggestions that its officials had hacked US security networks.
Previously Snowden has said that Moscow had “gone very far, in ways that are completely unnecessary, costly and corrosive to individual and collective rights” in monitoring citizens online.
When Couric asked if Snowden would mind being extradited, he replied: “That would obviously be something that would be a threat to my liberty and to my life.
“But what I’m saying here is you can’t have it both ways. You can’t say this guy’s a bad guy – a Russian tool or something like that – at the same time you say he’s going to be traded away.”
After reiterating his sense of vindication on Friday, Snowden posted again to Twitter: “Speak not because it is safe, but because it is right.”



ARTICLE
It took James Comey less than one minute to reveal his big news at a congressional hearing this week. The imposing FBI director, a former federal prosecutor who stands 6 feet 8 inches tall, began his opening statement by thanking the House intelligence committee for inviting him.
Then he announced that the FBI was eight months into an investigation of some of the president’s closest associates, if not the president himself, for possible cooperation with Russia during last year’s election.
“That includes investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia’s efforts,” Comey said, deadpan. “As with any counterintelligence investigation, this will also include an assessment of whether any crimes were committed.”
In an instant, Comey regained, for those whose dearest desire is the downfall of Donald J Trump, the white knight status that has clung to him periodically throughout his career, except when it has fallen away. As major revelations about ties between Trump associates and Moscow continue to emerge, Comey’s inquiry means that a relatively nonpartisan record of those ties is being methodically assembled, and that any criminality could be prosecuted. Trump and his associates have denied any wrongdoing.
It further means that Trump is in a hard corner. In January, the president publicly asked Comey, who is four years into a 10-year term, to stay on as FBI director. For Trump, there seemed little motivation to shove aside a well-regarded longtime Republican whose bureau was decidedly favorable territory for Trump.
In any case, such a request would have been exceedingly rare, and sure to draw accusations of abuse of power by the new president. Now, with the FBI investigation having been made public, the political risks for Trump of sacking Comey are exponentially greater.
To say there are a lot of progressive hopes riding on James Comey is an understatement. It’s bracingly ironic, then, that for a lot of Democrats, including Hillary and Bill Clinton, Comey is to blame for making Trump president in the first place.
Who is James Comey? He’s a Methodist convert of Irish descent from New Jersey who made his name cracking down on Virginia gun homicides and prosecuting international terrorism suspects.
His supposed aversion to the spotlight would seem to be belied by his constant reappearance there. Comey is sufficiently Republican to have been appointed deputy attorney general by George W Bush, but grew up sufficiently Democratic to have voted for Jimmy Carter in the incumbent’s blowout 1980 loss. He is a father of five and a foster parent, married to his undergraduate sweetheart. He cycles, plays squash and teaches Sunday school.
Like his three main predecessors as FBI director (not counting interim appointments) Comey is a lawyer, having earned his degree from the University of Chicago in 1985. Now 56 years old, he has alternated in his career between big government jobs and lucrative positions in private practice, including with Lockheed Martin, the defense contractor, and Bridgewater Associates, the world’s largest hedge fund, with $103bn in assets under management.
Leading up to his remarkably high-profile role in the 2016 presidential election, Comey had long enjoyed a reputation for fairness and public-minded integrity. “He doesn’t care about politics,” said Barack Obama upon nominating Comey to run the FBI in 2013. “He only cares about getting the job done.” 
Eric Holder, the former attorney general, got to know Comey toward the end of the Bill Clinton presidency, when Holder was deputy attorney general and Comey was a federal prosecutor in Virginia. In an interview with New York magazine in 2003, as Comey joined the Bush administration, Holder emphasized a different quality about the prosecutor.
“Jim is a chess player,” Holder said. “He’s thinking not only, ‘What’s the impact of the move I make today, what’s the impact going to be tomorrow?’ He’s thinking, ‘What’s the impact going to be one month, two months, six months from now?’”
Almost 15 years later, that assessment, of Comey as a far-seeing strategist, has not aged particularly well. Last July, the FBI director took the highly unusual step of calling a news conference to discuss an investigation into Hillary Clinton’s handling of classified information over unsecured email. With the presidency seemingly at stake, Republicans howled at Comey’s announcement that the investigation had yielded no grounds for criminal prosecution. Democrats bridled at Comey’s assessment of Clinton’s email hygiene as “extremely careless”.
Trump himself slammed Comey on Twitter. “The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less,” Trump wrote, in reference to the former CIA director David Petraeus, who was fined in 2015 for mishandling classified information. “Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment.”
What neither side realized was that Comey, and the larger drama, were just getting started. In late October, just 11 days before the election, the FBI director was back, with a letter notifying Congress that the bureau was examining newly discovered material in its investigation of Clinton’s email. That sounded pretty bad for Clinton, and it made headlines across the country in the campaign’s homestretch. Then, just two days before the election, Comey sent a final letter, announcing that the new material (which turned out to be mostly old material) contained nothing of prosecutorial significance.
In the eyes of the Clinton camp, the result of Comey’s pen pal habit was plain. “Our analysis is that Comey’s letter raising doubts that were groundless – baseless, proven to be – stopped our momentum,” Hillary Clinton told donors on a conference call a week after the election. Bill Clinton was quoted a month later by a local newspaper editor who bumped into him in a bookstore: “James Comey cost her the election.”
Trump had a somewhat different take. “I’ll tell you what: what he did, he brought back his reputation,” Trump told reporters of Comey’s October surprise. “He brought it back.”
Before he was FBI director, the defining moment in Comey’s career came on Wednesday, 10 March 2004, when he was deputy in the Bush administration to the attorney general, John Ashcroft. Ashcroft had been hospitalized in an intensive care unit with acute pancreatitis for nearly a week.
As Comey later recounted in dramatic testimony before Congress (he’s been doing this for a while), the call came at about 8pm that night. Ashcroft’s wife, at her husband’s side, was alarmed that two Bush minions, chief counsel Alberto Gonzales and chief of staff Andy Card, were en route to the hospital, apparently to confront Ashcroft.
Comey knew why. A week earlier, before Ashcroft fell ill, the two had decided that the legal reasoning underpinning a secret government surveillance program to collect Americans’ internet metadata after the September 11 attacks was faulty. Ashcroft had decided not to renew authorization of the program, which was set to expire on 11 March. The White House did not like the decision.
Comey took the call in his car, and told his security detail to step on it. “They turned on the emergency equipment and drove very quickly to the hospital,” he testified. “I got out of the car and ran up, literally ran up the stairs.”
Comey got to the hospital room before Gonzales and Card did, bearing an envelope containing what Comey took to be papers to reauthorize the surveillance program. A confrontation ensued. The Bush envoys left empty-handed. Comey threatened to resign. The president ultimately backed down.
Obama cited the episode when he tapped Comey to lead the FBI. 
“To know Jim Comey is also to know his fierce independence and his deep integrity,” Obama said. “He was prepared to give up a job he loved rather than be part of something he felt was fundamentally wrong.”
The real story, however, is more complicated. Whatever objections in principle Comey may have had to warrantless surveillance were soon quelled. As the Guardian first reported in 2013, while Comey and allies did succeed in temporarily suspending the surveillance program, it was soon reauthorized using alternative legal reasoning, and the monitoring continued for another year, while Comey continued to serve as deputy attorney general. 
But Comey is not known for the practical compromises he may have made as he ascended the ranks of Washington power. A law school classmate told Vanity Fair this month that Comey was “a giant of a man who has earned his job and his reputation with a lifetime of service”.
No question is as loaded with more partisan fervor, even desperation, as the political fate of Donald Trump. Comey has already won the enmity of both sides. The question is: what will he do next?
“I can promise you,” he vowed on Monday, “we will follow the facts wherever they lead.”
James Brien Comey
Born 14 December 1960
Age 56
Career US attorney, deputy attorney general, FBI director
High point Dramatic nighttime hospital room intervention to stop the George W Bush White House from strong-arming the bedridden attorney general into reauthorizing a controversial surveillance program 
Low point Remained at the justice department after the program, a bulk collection of Americans’ internet metadata, was allowed to move forward under a different legal rubric
What he says “I can promise you we will follow the facts wherever they lead.”
What they say “To know Jim Comey is also to know his fierce independence and his deep integrity. He was prepared to give up a job he loved rather than be part of something he felt was fundamentally wrong.” – Barack Obama
“James Comey cost her the election.” – Bill Clinton



ARTICLE
Lawyers for a man accused of assaulting a woman at a Trump campaign rally last year have said he acted at the urging of the candidate, complicating the president’s argument in court that he stands immune to civil lawsuits.
Alvin Bamberger was recorded in a video last March pushing a woman, Kashiya Nwanguma, at a pro-Trump rally in Louisville, Kentucky. During the altercation, Trump shouted “get out” and “get ‘em out of here!” 
A few weeks later, Nwanguma and two other protesters sued Trump, Bamberger and a third man, the white nationalist Matthew Heimbach. Last month a judge ruled that the protesters have sufficient claims to move forward with their court cases, which claim that they were assaulted at Trump’s incitement.
On Friday, Bamberger’s attorneys denied that he assaulted Nwanguma, saying in a new court filing that he “admits only that he touched a woman”. 
But the attorneys also made a claim against the president and his campaign, observing that throughout the 2016 election Trump repeatedly urged supporters to expel protesters, and once hinted he would pay any legal fees of those who did.
“Bamberger had no prior intention to act has he did,” the attorneys wrote. “Bamberger would not have acted as he did without Trump and/or Trump campaign’s specific urging and inspiration.
“To the extent that Bamberger acted, he did so in response to – and inspired by – Trump and/or Trump campaign’s urging to remove the protesters.”
The lawyers add that if Bamberg is found liable, Trump or his campaign should be held equally to blame “because Trump and/or Trump campaign urged and inspired Bamberger to act as he did”. 
Also on Friday, the president’s lawyers argued that Trump and his campaign “lack sufficient information” about most of the allegations “and therefore deny them”. The attorneys also said Trump’s “get them out of here” remark was not directed at the crowd.
Among 15 defenses, Trump’s attorneys said he “is immune from suit because he is president of the United States”; that the protesters waived their claims by obtaining tickets to the rally; and that the protesters “suffered no actual injury” while also being “responsible for their own injuries”.
“Plaintiffs’ claims are barred by their unclean hands,” the lawyers concluded. 
Trump’s attorneys also requested a jury trial. The protesters are seeking an unknown amount in damages.
Bamberger, Heimbach and a third man, Joseph Pryor, were charged last summer with misdemeanor harassment by Louisville police.
A member of a Korean war veterans association, Bamberger, 75, last year wrote a letter to a veterans’ association that expressed regret for his actions at the rally. 
“Trump kept saying ‘get them out, get them out’ and people in the crowd began pushing and shoving the protesters,” he wrote. “I was caught up in the frenzy. I physically pushed a young woman down the aisle toward the exit, an action I sincerely regret.”
Bamberger said he himself was “knocked down and hurt” and stressed that he did not belong to “a hate group like [white supremacists] and I don’t condone any of their actions”. 
In a blogpost for his white nationalist group, the Traditionalist Youth Network, Heimbach also admitted a role. Video of the rally, Heimbach wrote, “features yours truly helping the crowd drive out one of the women who had been pushing, shoving, barking, and screaming at the attendees for the better part of an hour”.
He added: “Taken out of context, the elderly veteran, several others in the crowd, and I appear to be roughing up the woman because she’s black.”



ARTICLE
The US government has terminated a detained undocumented immigrant’s “dreamer” status, alleging that he is a gang member in part because of a tattoo on his arm that says “peace” in Spanish. 
Daniel Ramirez Medina, a 23-year-old with no criminal record who was brought to the US from Mexico when he was seven years old, was arrested last Friday in Seattle despite the fact that he was twice granted a work permit under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (Daca) program.
The incident is believed to be the first arrest of a “dreamer”, as Daca recipients are known, since Donald Trump’s inauguration. The government’s court filings on Thursday have raised fresh concerns about the methods Immigration and Customs Enforcement (Ice) may be using to deport immigrants who were previously protected by Barack Obama’s policies.
The filing came hours before Trump offered a vague response about the future of the program at a press conference, saying: “The Daca situation is a very, very difficult thing for me, because I love these kids … You have these incredible kids in many cases, not in all cases. In some of the cases, they’re having Daca and they’re gang members and they’re drug dealers.”
Daca protects roughly 750,000 people who were brought to the US as children and granted temporary work permits. But Jeffrey Robins of the US justice department wrote in federal court documents that the homeland security department “automatically terminated” Ramirez’s status when Ice arrested him and launched “immigration removal proceedings”.
Ramirez was taken into custody at his father’s house, when officers showed up on an arrest warrant for his father. Although law enforcement had no warrant for Ramirez, who was asleep when officers arrived, the agents asked him “are you legally here?” and eventually detained him, according to a lawsuit Ramirez’s attorneys filed challenging his ongoing detention. 
Robins said officers asked Ramirez about a “gang tattoo” on his forearm, and that Ramirez responded that he “used to hang out with the Sureno’s in California” but “fled California to escape from the gangs”. 
The brief did not provide details of the tattoo, but Mark Rosenbaum, one of Ramirez’s attorneys, said the tattoo says “La Paz BCS”, which means peace in Spanish and is also the capital of Baja California Sur in Mexico where he was born. 
Ice called Ramirez an “admitted alien gang member” in a press release this week, and the justice department filing on Thursday claimed that he confessed that he still hangs out with gang members.
Rosenbaum strongly rejected the allegation in a statement, saying: “This is false. Mr Ramirez did not say these things because they are not true. And while utterly implausible and wholly fabricated, these claims still would not be sufficient evidence that Mr Ramirez is a threat to the public safety or national security.”
The tattoo is not evidence of gang activity, Rosenbaum added: “Even though [Ramirez]’s counsel invited the government to supply any corroborating evidence to support their outrageous claims of gang membership or activity beyond this supposed confession, they have failed to do so in this brief.”
The use of a tattoo as evidence and the government’s immediate termination of his Daca status have both raised serious alarms among immigration activists that Trump’s government may broadly target dreamers. That’s despite the fact that the president has suggested he wouldn’t go after this population, recently saying Daca recipients “shouldn’t be very worried”.
David Leopold, a leading immigration lawyer, noted that nothing has changed since Ramirez twice passed extensive background checks and had his Daca status approved.
“It’s shocking, especially when you have a situation like this where this young man has been vetted again and again,” he said. “This is another example of the Trump deportation force changing the rules in the middle of the game … He got into a social contract with the government. He kept his word. They need to keep their word.”
Alan Schlosser, senior counsel with the ACLU in northern California, said there was a long history of law enforcement alleging gang activity with flimsy or non-existent evidence. 
“It’s a huge problem in low-income, Latino and African American neighborhoods,” he said, noting that police have frequently used clothing or tattoos as grounds for gang affiliation or have twisted comments to police to be confessions. “It’s based on neighborhood, skin color and prejudice.” 
Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and Ice spokespeople did not respond to requests for comment on Thursday. 
In a statement earlier in the week, DHS claimed that since the start of Daca in 2012, roughly 1,500 recipients have had their deferred action terminated due to a criminal conviction or gang affiliation. 
“This case illustrates the work Ice fugitive operations teams perform every day across the country to remove public safety threats from our communities when they encounter them.”



ARTICLE
Who is Jeff Sessions?
Jefferson Beauregard Sessions is a four-term junior senator from Alabama who, before being elected to that office in 1996, served as attorney general for the state. Sessions is a conservative Republican who is anti-abortion, anti-immigration, skeptical of climate change and hostile to same-sex marriage. On issues of criminal justice, Sessions has championed “law and order”, stern marijuana prohibition and the unregulated use of civil forfeiture by law enforcement.
Why did Donald Trump nominate him as attorney general?
After passing over some more well-known rumored contenders such as New Jersey governor Chris Christie and former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani, Trump picked Sessions, calling him “a world-class legal mind”. Trump continued in his statement: “Jeff is greatly admired by legal scholars and virtually everyone who knows him.”
Sessions’ reputation as a hard-nosed proponent of “law and order” likely endeared him to Trump, as this kind of tough rhetoric was a major part of the president’s campaign message. This is a direct rebuke to the national and local trend of “smart on crime” efforts like those supported by former attorney generals Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch, to ease some of the most draconian practices of the criminal justice system. Sessions’ early support for instituting some kind of ban on Muslim immigration and for a border wall with Mexico likely helped his case.
Trump has also repeatedly expressed the high value he places on the praise and loyalty of others, and it’s likely that Sessions’ early and fervent support of Trump’s candidacy helped him pull out in front of alternative contenders.
How likely is it that Sessions will be confirmed this week?
Sessions’ nomination made its way out of committee last week and, given the current makeup of the Senate, with Republicans in control of a slim 52-48 majority (one of whom is Sessions himself), appears to be a shoo-in for confirmation. This is despite a fast-growing petition to halt his confirmation that has received over 1 million signatures. 
Unlike controversial education secretary Best DeVos’ confirmation, which saw two Republican defectors, forcing Vice-President Mike Pence to cast a tie-breaking vote, no GOP members have expressed any objection to their colleague Sessions. Indeed, the senator may earn votes from across the aisle, as conservative Democrat Joe Manchin has already expressed his support, calling Sessions “a friend”. Others could follow.
Why didn’t Sessions become a federal judge in the 1980s?
In 1986, Ronald Reagan nominated Sessions, then a US district attorney, to a federal judgeship. Sessions’ confirmation hearing failed to make it out of committee, an extremely rare occurrence, after concerns were raised about Sessions’ attitude towards race. Leading the charge against Sessions were then senators Joe Biden and Ted Kennedy.
In those hearings, J Gerald Hebert, a former justice department civil rights attorney who worked with Sessions in Alabama, testified that Sessions had dismissed organisations such as the NAACP and the ACLU as “un-American” and suggested a white civil rights attorney was a race traitor for taking on a voting rights case in Alabama during the 1980s. 
Senators also heard that Sessions had referred to a black official in his US attorney’s office as “boy” and told him to be careful what he said to white people. He denies this but has admitted to having once said he admired the KKK until he found out they smoked marijuana, calling the comment a joke.
Why have so many civil rights groups come out in opposition to Sessions’ nomination?
The NAACP and the web-based Color of Change network are just a few of the dozens of civil rights organizations that have publicly lobbied against Sessions’ confirmation.
 A fair amount of racial controversy has followed Sessions throughout his career. Beyond the testimony of attorney Herbert, the Guardian recently revealed another incident where a different black colleague accused Sessions of using the N-word in one incident and generally being hostile to other black Americans in the department. Sessions denied using the word, although he gave a false explanation to the US Senate when testifying about the allegation. 
Sessions also indicted activists working to help elderly black Alabamians in the 1980s, raising charges of racist voter suppression. Coretta Scott King, Martin Luther King Jr’s widow, was so concerned about Sessions’ possible appointment back in 1986 that she wrote a letter to the Senate subcommittee which read in part:
“Mr Sessions has used the awesome powers of his office in shabby attempt to intimidate and frighten elderly black voters. For this reprehensible conduct, he should not be rewarded with a federal judgeship.”
It was this letter that Senator Elizabeth Warren was attempting to read in the Senate on Tuesday night when she was formally rebuked by Senate Republicans and “silenced” by procedural rules stating that senators cannot impugn their colleagues on the Senate floor, an act that some felt was an abuse.
What does Sessions’ confirmation mean for criminal justice reform?
The outlook for criminal justice reform is dim with Sessions’ ascension to the office of the nation’s top law enforcer. Sessions has called for a slowing of the recent trend towards reducing prison populations through clemency and more lenient sentencing. Several DoJ initiatives, for example ex-attorney general Eric Holder’s “smart on crime” reforms, seem vulnerable to a more punitive mindset under Sessions. “The wise approach is to slow down and evaluate the trends before accelerating prison population decline,” Sessions said in opposition to a bipartisan sentencing reform bill that would have decreased mandatory minimum sentencing, including for nonviolent drug crimes.
A Sessions-led DoJ will also likely be less inclined to embark on civil rights investigations into police departments and their patterns and practices. These are the types of investigations that sparked the famous “Ferguson Report” and a handful of other consent decrees and “collaborative reform” endeavors aimed at curbing the systemic violations of civil rights that are endemic under some police departments. Sessions said during his confirmation hearing that he would be willing to consider “withdrawal or modification” of agreements between the DoJ and police departments consummated by his predecessors which he said tend to “undermine respect for our police officers”.



ARTICLE
The US Senate appeared on the verge of going “nuclear” on Monday after supreme court nominee Neil Gorsuch was approved in committee and Democrats secured enough support to filibuster the vote on his confirmation.
This 41-vote threshold was reached just before the Senate judiciary committee approved Gorsuch’s nomination by a party-line vote of 11-9. This sets the stage for a showdown on the Senate floor later in the week, which could involve the so-called nuclear option, a change to Senate rules that would prevent filibusters of nominees to the supreme court. 
A supermajority of 60 senators is required to avoid a filibuster, which involves extending debate indefinitely on a nominee or a bill. And with three previously undecided Democrats having announced their support for a filibuster during the judiciary committee’s hearing on Gorsuch’s nomination – the committee’s ranking Democrat, Dianne Feinstein of California; Patrick Leahy of Vermont; and Chris Coons of Delaware – there is no mathematical path for Gorsuch to reach that threshold.
Currently, the Senate has 52 Republicans and 48 Democrats. Only four Democrats – including three moderates in red states who are up for re-election in 2018, and Michael Bennet, from Gorsuch’s home state of Colorado – have announced their support for Trump’s nominee to the high court.
 However, Republicans are preparing to invoke the “nuclear option”, which involves changing Senate precedent by a simple majority vote. This was first done by the then Senate majority leader, Harry Reid, in 2013 to end filibusters on all nominees save those for the supreme court. 
The Republican Lindsey Graham of South Carolina noted before Monday’s vote that there had been only one filibuster of a supreme court nominee in US history, and vowed that that would remain true at the end of the week. “If we have to, we will change the rules, and it looks like we are going to have to,” Graham said, but he noted: “I hate that. I really, really do.” 
Monday’s vote to advance Gorsuch’s nomination took place in a highly polarized partisan atmosphere, the result of Republicans’ refusal to grant a hearing to Merrick Garland, who was nominated to fill the open seat on the court by Barack Obama in 2016. Patrick Leahy, the former chair of the committee, had described the Republican action as “a shameful stain on the proud history of this committee”. 
Republicans touted Gorsuch’s merits and blamed Democrats for the partisan showdown. John Cornyn of Texas, the No 2 Republican in the Senate, blamed Democrats during the George W Bush administration for the rise in judicial filibusters and partisanship. He described the nuclear option as simply a return to “status quo ante” before what he labeled Democratic obstruction.
In announcing his decision to support a filibuster, Coons pushed back on the Republican argument that it would be the first partisan filibuster in the history of the supreme court. (The nomination of Justice Abe Fortas to be elevated to serving as chief justice in 1968 was filibustered by members of both parties over ethical questions.) The Delaware Democrat noted that while this was “technically correct, I wonder whether a seven-month refusal to hold hearings is not the longest partisan filibuster in this committee ever”.
Gorsuch’s hearing before the Senate judiciary committee lasted three days and included several testy exchanges, but ultimately failed to grab national attention as some supreme court hearings have in the past. Leahy described Gorsuch’s performance over the several days of hearings as “excruciatingly evasive”. 
Democrats sharpened their attack lines against Gorsuch in an attempt to paint him as a friend of corporate and powerful interests. In one instance, Democrats faulted Gorsuch for ruling that a company was justified for firing a truck driver who decided to abandon his unheated vehicle filled with company cargo to seek safety in freezing temperatures. 
Gorsuch, a staunchly conservative federal appeals court judge from Colorado, subscribes to the judicial philosophy of originalism, a way of interpreting the constitution that he shares with the justice he hopes to replace, Antonin Scalia. A graduate of Columbia University and Harvard Law School, Gorsuch also received a doctorate from Oxford University, which he attended as a Marshall Scholar. At 49 years old, Gorsuch is one of the youngest nominees to the country’s highest court and could potentially hold his seat for decades.
His confirmation would mark the first major win for Trump, who selected Gorsuch from a list of about 20 judges recommended by conservative legal activists during the campaign. On the trail, he repeatedly promised to nominate a “pro-life” justice with conservative views. Gorsuch, however, has not directly ruled on issues of abortion access, and declined to elaborate on his personal views during the three-day hearing before the judiciary committee. 
Ahead of the panel vote, Trump made the case for his supreme court nominee in a recorded video message with footage of Gorsuch admiring a portrait of president Abraham Lincoln. In the video, Trump called Gorsuch an “man who respects the law” and said his confirmation is vital to “preserving our republic”. 
In announcing his selection of Gorsuch on 31 January, Trump said that the judge has “outstanding legal skills, a brilliant mind, tremendous discipline and has earned bipartisan support” and described him as “a man who our country really needs, and needs badly, to ensure the rule of law and the rule of justice”.
Gorsuch is the second nominee to the seat vacated by Scalia’s death in February 2016. In March of that year, Barack Obama nominated Merrick Garland, a 63-year-old appellate widely considered to be moderate. Republicans refused to hold a hearing on Garland, and many senators refused to meet with him. The nomination was withdrawn once Obama left office, and Garland has since returned to his position as chief judge of the US court of appeals for the District of Columbia circuit. 



ARTICLE
North Korea, the war in Syria and trade are all expected to be discussed during US vice president Mike Pence’s whirlwind weekend visit to Australia.
America’s second most powerful man met Malcolm Turnbull in Sydney and will meet senior government officials and business leaders later on Saturday.
Pence thanked Turnbull for his warm welcome to Australia and said he brought “greetings” from President Trump. 
“I spoke to him first thing and he wanted me to pass along his very best regards to you, and the President wanted me to, early in this administration, to re-affirm the strong and historical alliance between the United States and Australia,” he said. 
“My presence here today– at the President’s direction – it is about a reaffirmation of the strong ties in both our security and our prosperity.”
Observers say Pence will use his time in Sydney to smooth relations between Washington and Canberra following Trump’s opposition to Australia’s planned asylum-seeker deal during his infamous phone call with Turnbull in January.
Trump labelled the refugee resettlement deal, in which the US agreed to take an unspecified number of refugees from Australia’s offshore detention centres on Manus Island and Nauru, a “dumb deal” and described the refugees as illegal immigrants.
The vice president’s visit to Australia is part of a 10-day tour of the Asia Pacific, during which he has visited South Korea, Japan and Indonesia.
During his first official tour to the region, Pence has been keen to emphasise the commitment by the US to its alliances and partnerships in the region.
“The truth is President Trump’s election has created a need to reassure allies about Mr Trump’s intentions,” Lowy Institute executive director Michael Fullilove said.
“Mr Pence is a traditional conservative Republican who has an alliance-centric view of the world and I think the purpose of his mission is to telegraph continuity to Japan and Korea, Australia and Indonesia.
“The reason to do that is we have a president who for three decades has held to a very different world view, who has basically decried the global liberal order, who’s shown himself to be hostile to free trade, someone who is sceptical of alliances and suspicious of institutions like the United Nations.”



ARTICLE
In the wake of national security adviser Michael Flynn’s surprise resignation, conservative media outlets have largely focused their attention on the White House leaks that set the stage for Flynn’s downfall.
Breitbart media decried the possibility of “sleeper cells” in the White House left over from the Obama administration, while Fox News noted that Donald Trump and the GOP are on the hunt for “moles”.
That was a reference to Trump’s attempt to move the focus away from Flynn on Tuesday morning:
Flynn announced his resignation on Monday night as pressure mounted regarding improper communications the ex-general allegedly had with Russian diplomats before Trump’s inauguration. The information was apparently leaked to the press by disgruntled and alarmed officials in the US intelligence community. Flynn’s conversations may have violated the Logan Act, a law intended to prevent private citizens from conducting US diplomacy, and would certainly be against normal diplomatic protocols.
But more than potential improprieties by Flynn, Breitbart’s Joel Pollak argued, the issue at hand was “the more serious question is whether our nation’s intelligence services were involved in what amounts to political espionage against the newly-elected government”. Pollack also wondered aloud if the sanctions that Flynn allegedly discussed with Russian officials were, in fact, intentionally introduced by Obama “to expose which strings Russia might try to pull to relieve them”, Pollak wrote. “Flynn, with a prior relationship with the Russian government, may have been a natural, innocuous point of contact.”
National Review’s David French pivoted off the Flynn scandal to accuse the apparent sea of confidential leakers of “helping build and sustain an atmosphere of national anxiety and even (in some quarters) outright hysteria”, and implored them to either speak on the record or to quiet down.
The Washington Times also led on Tuesday morning with White House loyalty concerns, noting the president’s tweet which read: “The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?”
WikiLeaks, which during last year’s election published Democratic emails that US intelligence believes had been hacked by Russia, also took a contrarian view compared to much of the US media, blaming the resignation on “US spies, Democrats, press”. 
Trump’s concerns about security leaks come at an awkward time, after numerous reports that the president was conducting sensitive national security discussions, including classified information, in plain view and earshot of members at his private Mar-a-Lago golf club over the weekend.
The early weeks of Trump’s presidency have been unusually vulnerable to White House information leaks, which have exposed several top officials to scrutiny and have also painted an unflattering portrayal of Trump’s temperament and behavior as president. 



ARTICLE
A case cited by the White House as evidence that non-citizens cast illegal votes in American elections did not actually involve any non-citizens voting, the latest in a series of misleading statements on the subject by the administration.
Donald Trump’s deputy press secretary, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, referred in a television interview on Sunday to an incident in her native Arkansas, which she said supported Trump’s claims about voter fraud.
Trump has repeatedly alleged, without evidence, that he lost the national popular vote to Hillary Clinton, his Democratic opponent, because millions of non-citizens voted illegally. His claim has been widely dismissed as a fabrication. Trump said earlier this month that his administration would launch a national investigation into voter fraud, but then it did not.
After the president and a senior aide revived the claims last week, Huckabee Sanders was asked on MSNBC: “Do you think that there are 3 to 5 million undocumented immigrants who cast votes, and that that would have swung the president’s election, in terms of the popular vote, his way?”
Huckabee Sanders replied: “Look, I don’t know how many different voters voted illegally, but I do know that it exists. In my home state of Arkansas, there was a judge that was caught with, I think, roughly 180 ballots sitting on his kitchen table. So to pretend like voter fraud isn’t something real and doesn’t exist is laughable.”
Questions over Huckabee Sanders’ remarks were first raised by ThinkProgress.
In a series of emails to the Guardian this week, Huckabee Sanders said she had in fact been referring to a public corruption case from 2011 that differs significantly from the description she gave in her MSNBC interview.
“It was a city councilman, not a judge,” Huckabee Sanders said in an email. In response to repeated follow-up inquiries, she confirmed that she meant the prosecution of Phillip Carter, a councilman in the city of West Memphis. Carter and several associates were caught bribing people to vote for a candidate in an election for the Arkansas house of representatives.
The FBI said Carter and other allies of Hudson Hallum, a Democratic candidate, gave residents chicken dinners, bottles of cheap vodka and small cash payments if they cast absentee ballots for Hallum. Carter, Hallum, Hallum’s father, and a police officer all pleaded guilty to federal charges of conspiracy to commit election fraud. But court filings from the case make no reference to anyone ineligible voting or trying to vote.
Hallum’s team was also found to have been helping voters to apply for and submit the absentee ballots, and secretly destroying the ballots if they found a voter had selected Hallum’s opponent. The criminal complaint against them, however, did not mention anyone being caught with 180 ballots on a kitchen table.
Five other people received state charges relating to the scheme. According to court filings, all were charged with unlawfully possessing “more than 10 absentee ballots of others, with the intent to defraud an election official”. All pleaded guilty to misdemeanors in Crittenden County circuit court. 
Two of the state defendants were justices of the peace, but Larry Jegley, the county prosecutor who prosecuted their cases, said no one had been discovered with dozens of ballots at a kitchen table, or anything similar. “The scheme was broken up before the ballots were cast,” said Jegley. 
Jegley also confirmed that all absentee ballots involved in the incident were completed in the names of local people who were eligible to vote in the election. “All names were of registered voters,” he said in an email.
Huckabee Sanders did not respond to an email asking whether she now acknowledged that the case did not involve anyone voting illegally or being caught with dozens of ballots on a kitchen table.
To support his allegations, Trump has cited supposed research by Gregg Phillips, a conservative social media user. Phillips claimed that a project he led called VoteStand found that 3 million people had voted illegally in the US. Phillips has declined to publish any research or provide any evidence for his claims.
The president has also falsely stated that a Pew study supported his claim that millions of people voted illegally, despite the study’s author refuting this repeatedly.
Jegley, the prosecutor, said that local voting irregularities in his experience tended to be attributable to incompetence or honest mistakes.
“I am amazed at how well the process works, even in poor old Arkansas,” said Jegley, who is a Democrat. “I have a hard time grasping the concept that millions of illegal or fraudulent ballots are or even could be cast in this country. Just because I say it doesn’t make it so, but based on my long observation of and participation in the electoral process I would wager I am correct.”



ARTICLE
Simon Jenkins may be correct in identifying issues against which Donald Trump’s ire has some legitimacy (Yes, Donald Trump is a monster. But his agenda isn’t all bad, 16 February), but despite listing his many faults, Jenkins offers a level of credibility for the “revolutionary” Trump that is sorely misplaced. Like so many commentators currently trying to disentangle legitimate messages from its maniacal medium (Trump is no fascist. He is a champion for the forgotten millions, 5 February), he fails to recognise that the maniac is not redeemed by occasionally fulminating against deserving targets. Neither is it the case that exuberant iconoclasm makes a coherent revolutionary. When no one any longer knows what is the official US line on Russia or a two-state solution to Israel-Palestine, it is necessary to ask serious questions of the author of that confusion. Thus, while we are of course concerned with “where the leader of the western world is heading”, it is the very fact of his megalomania, rather than any valid items on his agenda, that makes the question so urgent and imponderable.Paul McGilchristColchester, Essex
• That Simon Jenkins draws any kind of parallel between Lenin and Donald Trump is barmy. Worst is his assertion that Lenin said “A lie told often enough becomes the truth”. Lenin never said any such thing, and certainly not in the sense implied, of deliberate cynical manipulation. The entire Bolshevik politics were those of exposing lies for the truth, as for example in publishing the secret treaties of the first world war (like Sykes-Picot, still causing troubles). If anything remotely similar to such words were written, and I challenge anyone to find the quote in 50 volumes of published works and publish them in context, it would have been only in the sense of explaining how the bourgeoisie do things, in order to expose them. Don HoskinsLondon
• “Donald Trump is a monster. But his agenda isn’t all bad,” Says Simon Jenkins. But here’s the thing: there are plenty of non-monsters with not-bad agendas. Trump’s head is too full of Trump to have any kind of meaningful agenda. The voices of Trump apologists now sound, to me, exactly like the voices of Iraq invasion apologists then.Andrew WilliamsonLewes, East Sussex
• Simon Jenkins isn’t the first to flag up the Leninist aspects of President Trump’s approach to politics. Without subscribing to theories of history repeating itself this notion leads to the chilling question: if Trump is Lenin then who will be Stalin?Michael LoftusKidderminster
• Join the debate – email guardian.letters@theguardian.com
• Read more Guardian letters – click here to visit gu.com/letters



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s namesake hotel chain plans to triple its US presence, contradicting a pledge the president made in December that no new deals would be done by his organization during his time in office. 
Trump Hotels’ chief executive officer, Eric Danzinger, announced the US expansion at a trade conference on Tuesday. 
“There are 26 major metropolitan areas in the US, and we’re in five,” Danziger said at the Americas Lodging Investment Summit in Los Angeles, according to a Bloomberg report. “I don’t see any reason that we couldn’t be in all of them eventually.”
Danzinger said, however, that the company would not invest overseas. “Both brands and any others we create will have a domestic emphasis for the next four or eight years.” 
Danzinger also said plans for a Chinese Trump hotel were “pretty much off”. The president has repeatedly criticized China for its acceptance of jobs offshored by American corporations, and has criticized American companies that manufacture goods there.
Trump Hotels will also open the first in its lower-range Scion line of hotels this year.
Trump shifted control of his hotel management business to his son Eric three days after being sworn into office, according to a Florida state filing. He may have been encouraged to do so by a ProPublica report documenting the lack of such a filing in any state where Trump does domestic business. ProPublica added to its story a list of resignations from some of his organizations signed by Trump on Monday.
The plans to expand the president’s namesake hotel chain violate one of Trump’s promises from last year: “No new deals will be done during my term in office,” Trump tweeted in December.
Trump changed his promise after winning the election, appearing amid a mountain of file folders he claimed were part of the work his law firm was doing to separate him from his businesses. There would be “no new foreign deals whatsoever,” Trump attorney Sheri Dillon said, and domestic deals would require the approval of an independent ethics adviser. The adviser has not been named and there is no indication that he or she was consulted on the new hotels.
Donald Jr and Eric Trump will manage their father’s companies, despite having both served on their father’s transition team. The president is also likely to maintain regular contact with his children while in office.
Trump has been roundly criticized by ethics watchdogs on both sides of the aisle for his refusal to divest from his businesses and apparent plans to profit from the nation’s highest office. 
The conflicts between Trump’s official duties and his business interests have no precedent in American politics, experts say. “Reagan spent some time in the private sector but he certainly wasn’t a CEO,” said Robert Lenhard, a former FEC chair appointed by George W Bush, in a November interview. “He wasn’t operating a set of companies like Trump is. Most of our presidents have come out of political careers – Eisenhower’s time out of office was mostly a hiatus between the military and the presidency.”
Meanwhile, the Trump Organization doubled the membership fee at its Palm Beach resort, Mar-a-Lago, to $200,000, beginning 1 January.



ARTICLE
Of all the interventions the United States has attempted in the last decade to contain Iran, one of the most successful is perhaps the least known of them all.
It came in 2012, when Barack Obama’s state department began easing restrictions on student visas for Iranians. By 2015, half of all visas issued to citizens of the seven countries affected by Trump’s travel ban went to Iranian nationals, generating hundreds of millions of dollars in tuition fees for US academic centers. Iran’s top academic and artistic talents flocked to America, in numbers unprecedented since 1979. 
It is this quiet victory that Donald Trump’s executive order threatens to undo.
One of the thousands of students who came here is the Iranian artist Shahrzad Changalvaee, who began in the master’s of fine arts program at Yale University in 2013. Three years later, she found herself captivated by the presidential campaign and joined demonstrations in support of Hilary Clinton. On 20 January this year, Changalvaee, returning to the US from a trip abroad, found a different America than the one she knew. 
Had her plane landed a few days later, she, like hundreds of other Iranian students, would have been turned away at the airport thanks to the president’s travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries.
That this US election did not go as she had hoped was a greater blow to her than most others on campus. It brought back memories of another lost campaign. 
Shahrzad and her husband, Iman Raad, a formidable figure on Iran’s graphic art scene, had invested much in the reformist presidential candidate, Mohammad Moussavi who challenged the hardliner incumbent, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, in the disputed 2009 election. Moussavi’s defeat prompted massive street protests, but the brutal crackdown that followed snuffed out the opposition green movement and its hopes for peaceful change. 
This was the moment the couple decided to leave Iran. And America, now that student visas were being issued more readily, was the ideal destination.
By opening the doors to disillusioned Iranians, America became home to some of Iran’s greatest talents. 
Shahrzad was not drawn to Yale for its prestige: she knew that the university would subsidize her education both with grants and institutional loans. Even with a full scholarship, which she did receive, she still needed more in loans – $35,000 by the end of her two years – to cover various costs.
When the matter of their budget in America had been squared away, the two still had to come up with another hefty sum to get them there. By then, the sanctions had gone into effect and the value of the Iranian rial had plummeted to historic lows. 
And before getting to America, they first had to get to an American embassy, which Iran did not have since the hostage crisis of 1979. The couple sold everything they could and scraped all their cash together to cover an avalanche of expenses: plane tickets to a third country to visit an embassy, security and visa application processing fees, tickets to America, and attorney fees.
In 2016, Iranian students in US colleges and universities contributed an estimated $386m to the economy. Among international students currently studying in the US, Iran ranks as the 11th leading source of global scholars. This body of more than 12,000 researchers, medical residents, future lawyers, artists or engineers has only been growing. Those Iranians that become permanent residents or ultimately attain US citizenship (over half a million today) are among the most statistically successful immigrant populations. In America, Iranians lead every other immigrant group in having advance academic degrees and more than half of Iranian-Americans aged 25 and older have, at the very minimum, a BA, almost double the national average, according to the Public Affairs Alliance of Iranian-Americans.
For Shahrzad and Iman, the initial encounter with America had come with the anticipated shock and awe. A routine trip to Home Depot before the start of the school year had been astonishing. “I saw things in sizes I had never seen before, and it made me think of so many new possibilities.”
In America, Shahrzad felt different. Not because of her Iranian or Muslim identity – the bitter experience of theocracy had removed any religious affinity – but because of the experiences of the first 10 years of her life: “I was a child of the Iran-Iraq war. The memory of sirens, the fear of bombs were part of who I was in a deeper way than I ever thought possible.”
Another two years in America Shahrzad required an additional visa. An Iranian-American immigration attorney, Reza Mazaheri, an avid art collector and admirer of the couple’s work, filed a request for a change of status for her to an O visa – a special category reserved for individuals of exceptional talent. Mazaheri, who offers his legal expertise in exchange for art work, has represented dozens of Iranians. He believes that Obama, by opening up student visas, ushered a new wave of immigration which has already made a major contribution to the American art scene.
The O and EB1 visas are what many consider America’s secret weapon. “It is how the US has been stealing the best of the best from other nations for years,” Mazaheri believes.
Last December, Mazaheri managed to successfully deploy that secret weapon on Shahrzad’s behalf and secure an O visa for her. But with the ban – and the ongoing legal battle it triggered – her freedom to travel to and from America to show her work will be restricted. Her husband’s student visa will expire in June and unless the ban is lifted, he is unlikely to be able to extend his stay to work here as he had hoped. 
The loss to America will be twofold. On one hand is the talent. On the other is the loans, a sum of $70,000 for both, which neither will be able to repay if they are ordered out of the country. 
Since the ban has gone into effect, France has already announced a commitment to doubling its admissions of Iranian refugees in 2017. Canada, Australia and northern European nations are also potential destinations for all those whom the US will turn away. It will be difficult for America to retain its status as the first in innovation, if it is no longer the destination for the best and the brightest.
 
Roya Hakakian is the author of two books of poetry in Persian. Her most recent book in English is Assassins of the Turquoise Palace. She came to America as a political asylum seeker. Follow her @Royathewriter
This story was produced with support from the Economic Hardship Reporting Project, a nonprofit devoted to reporting about economic inequality



ARTICLE
Soon after Republicans forced Elizabeth Warren to stop reading a letter from Martin Luther King Jr’s widow during a debate on the Republican senator Jeff Sessions’ nomination for US attorney general Tuesday, online support for her galvanized. 
Senator Warren had been reading from a 1986 letter by Coretta Scott King opposing Sessions’ nomination to a federal judgeship, when Republican majority leader Mitch McConnell invoked an arcane rule known as Rule 19, used to stop members from impugning “the conduct” of another sitting senator. 
McConnell’s move barred Warren from speaking again during the nomination hearings until Sessions’ likely confirmation on Wednesday night, but electrified Democratic colleagues and supporters, who were stunned that King’s words were deemed inappropriate. 
McConnell’s move came in the middle of Black History Month, and during a debate on the civil rights record of one of Donald Trump’s most controversial nominees.
Supporters quickly used #LetLizSpeak to vent their indignation.
#LetLizSpeak and “Silencing Elizabeth Warren” trended on Twitter hours after McConnell forced Warren to take her seat. 
McConnell’s own words on the Senate floor later became a rallying cry, with even former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton getting in a dig. 
“Senator Warren was giving a lengthy speech. She had appeared to violate the rule,” said McConnell. “She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted.”
#ShePersisted became a gathering point for examples of American women who broke through barriers in civil rights, space and even in Congress. 



ARTICLE
Rex Tillerson has said he did not want to be US secretary of state and only took the job because his wife convinced him to do it.
The former ExxonMobil oil executive revealed his initial reluctance in an interview published after a controversial trip to Asia and hours before the biggest event of his two months at the state department, an international meeting on Wednesday about how to fight Islamic State (Isis). 
 “I didn’t want this job. I didn’t seek this job,” Tillerson told the Independent Journal Review (IJR), in an interview conducted on his official plane during the three-nation Asia trip. “My wife told me I’m supposed to do this.”
He said he had not met Donald Trump before being summoned to Trump Tower after the surprise election victory, ostensibly to talk to the president-elect “about the world” and his experiences as an oil company CEO.
“When he asked me at the end of that conversation to be secretary of state, I was stunned,” he said, adding that at 65 years old, at the end of a four-decade career at ExxonMobil, he had expected to retire: “I was going to go to the ranch to be with my grandkids.”
However, he said that when he returned to his Texas home after meeting Trump in New York, his wife, Renda St Clair, shook her finger in his face and said: “I told you God’s not through with you.”
He said he now feels his wife had been right: “I’m supposed to do this.”
Not everyone shares that view. Tillerson has been the subject of heavy criticism since taking the post as the country’s top diplomat at the beginning of February. He was left out of the loop of several critical foreign policy decisions made in the administration’s early days, most importantly the travel ban for refugees and visitors from a list of Muslim countries.
He has also almost totally dodged the press for the first few weeks in his job. He did not take the Washington diplomatic press corps with him on his Asia tour, breaking with decades-old practice. The sole exception was the journalist from the IJR, a little-known outlet founded by a former Republican operative. 
The initial explanation from the state department was that he wanted to save money and take a smaller plane than usual. In his interview, Tillerson repeated that explanation but also suggested it would be his policy to avoid the press until and unless he had a specific message to deliver.
He told the IJR: “I’m not a big media press access person. I personally don’t need it. I understand it’s important to get the message of what we’re doing out, but I also think there’s only a purpose in getting the message out when there’s something to be done.”
When questioned about Russia, the IJR reported: “He was so cagey … his answer wasn’t even worthy of inclusion.”
Tillerson has also been criticised for failing to defend the state department vocally enough in the face of a threatened budget cut of up to a third. Senior Republicans have said the cuts to diplomacy and foreign aid proposed by the White House would not pass Congress. In his remarks to the IJR, however, Tillerson appeared to relish the management challenge of cutting down the size of the US diplomatic establishment.
“Looking at ongoing conflicts, if we accept that we’re just going to continue to never solve any of these conflicts, then the budget should stay at the current level,” he said. 
He said he had not yet talked to Trump about what a pared-down state department would look like or how it will be staffed: “We haven’t gotten that far yet.”
While in South Korea, Tillerson was reported in the Seoul press to have snubbed the government by telling Korean officials he was too tired to dine with them. 
In response, he accused his hosts of being deliberately misleading. “They never invited us for dinner, then at the last minute they realised that optically it wasn’t playing very well in public for them, so they put out a statement that we didn’t have dinner because I was tired,” he told the IJR. 
On Tuesday, the state department was fighting off a new controversy, after it emerged Tillerson would skip what would have been his first Nato foreign ministers’ meeting in early April in Brussels so he could be in Florida for Trump’s first meeting with the Chinese president, Xi Jinping. 
The state department spokesman, Mark Toner, insisted the administration was 100% committed to Nato and that Tillerson would be meeting many member foreign ministers at the anti-Isis meeting in Washington on Wednesday. Toner said the state department had proposed new dates for a possible Nato meeting.



ARTICLE
Corruption is a curse. It stunts development, breeds conflict in fragile states, makes taxpayers in rich countries dubious about providing aid to poor countries, and gives crooked firms an advantage over those that play by the rules.
Governments have become less tolerant of dirty business dealings over time, as Rolls-Royce has found to its cost. The aerospace company – one of the UK’s genuinely world class manufacturing firms – will this week announce one of Britain’s biggest ever corporate losses, in part the result of the £671m cost of settling bribery actions.
The cases were brought by the authorities in Britain, Brazil and the US and involve allegations that Rolls bribed middlemen around the world between 1989 and 2013 to win contracts. Warren East, the company’s chief executive, has called the behaviour “completely unacceptable”.
America has been at the forefront of the international fight against corruption ever since the passing of 1978 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act which sought to prevent multi-national corporations from bribing crooked officials in order to win contracts. 
There was an element of self-interest in this. The US was confident that in a fair fight its companies would win overseas contracts more often than not. Corruption simply allowed less well-managed firms to deprive US corporations of deals they would otherwise get.
There has also been a recognition that the US will always be out-gunned when it comes to corruption. Despite Eisenhower’s famous warning about the influence of the military-industrial complex, the US system of governance has checks and balances that limit criminal activities. It has suited the US to present itself as the sheriff riding into town to sort out the bad hats.
Up until now. Four weeks of Donald Trump’s presidency have put at risk four decades of progress in the fight against corruption and gladdened the heart of every kleptocrat around the world.
What’s happened is this. Both houses of Congress have voted to gut a law that would have forced US oil, gas and mining companies to disclose their royalty, licensing and other payments to foreign governments. The law was a bipartisan initiative between Democratic Senator Ben Cardin and former Republican Senator Richard Lugar, and formed an amendment to the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act, the law designed to clean up Wall Street after the financial crisis.
The Cardin-Lugar law compelled America’s financial watchdog – the Securities and Exchange Commission – to draw up tough transparency rules for energy and mining companies. 
Unsurprisingly, the big oil companies were strongly opposed to revealing what they were up to at such a granular level. The American Petroleum Institute, one of the biggest and best resourced lobbying groups on the planet, has opposed Cardin-Lugar from the start, but decided to play a long game.
By dragging matters through the courts, the API succeeded in delaying implementation of Cardin-Lugar and as a result the new transparency rules – which would oblige companies to report annually on a project by project basis – were only due to come into force in 2019.
The API’s strategy was to delay and hope that something would turn up. Now it has with Trump’s election. The new president has insisted that America has been harming itself with borders that are too porous, trade rules that are too lax, taxes that are too high, and red tape that is too onerous. He can expect the full support of his secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, the former boss of ExxonMobil, a prominent member of the API.
The oil and gas lobby group has successfully portrayed Cardin-Lugar as another bit of excessive bureaucracy that will put American companies at a competitive disadvantage. Other countries will not insist on gold-plating anti-corruption rules in such a way, it has insisted. The SEC has now been told to go away and draw up new regulations because Congress says the original plan would have led to rising business costs that would have been bad for growth and jobs.
This is nonsense. For a start, companies have all the information readily available and could easily adhere to the Cardin-Lugar law. The red tape argument is a red herring.
But there’s a bigger point: to argue that easing up on the fight against corruption is good for business is to turn truth on its head.
Corruption is actually very bad for businesses, which is why bodies such as the Paris-based Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development have been so active in trying to tackle it. The cost of corruption is thought to equal more than 5% of global GDP each year – about $2.6tn (£2tn) – and is estimated to raise the cost of doing business by 10% a year. The $1tn paid out in bribes is a tax that is put to no good purpose whatsoever. It builds no schools or hospitals.
Corruption is particularly high in the extractives sector. The cost of private sector corruption in developing countries was above $500 bn in 2012 – representing 3.7 times the amount of global official development assistance (ODA) disbursed.
 Jamie Drummond, director of the campaign group, One, described the decision by Congress as a “really worrying development” that needed to be fought. “It is pro-business and pro-private sector to fight corruption,” he added.
All the recent evidence is that what the US does acts as an international benchmark. In 1998, other developed countries, prodded by Washington, signed an international anti-bribery convention that mirrored the US law.
What’s more, the SEC and the Department of Justice have not pussy-footed around. They have enforced the law vigorously, imposing massive fines on wrong-doers. This enforcement action has encouraged the authorities in Europe to become more vigilant. 
The Cardin-Lugar law is a case in point. Europe saw what the Americans were doing and brought in energy transparency and forestry legislation of its own. Following the US lead, the European parliament approved legislation similar to the energy transparency law and included forestry companies to the other natural resources firms that must comply.
A number of major extractive companies have publicly supported the SEC’s rule or the very similar laws in the EU and Canada. More than 120 companies have disclosed payments worth more than $150bn in more than 100 countries under the EU’s rules to date.
Now the US has signalled that it intends to be less transparent and less rigorous in fighting corruption, companies in other developed countries will get the message. European-based companies are likely to start lobbying their governments for a similar regime to that which operates in the US.
Let’s be clear. Cardin-Lugar would not have ended corruption, but it did ratchet up the pressure on those giving bribes and on those receiving them. Trump has been what Lenin called a useful idiot, the unwitting channel for a move that will be bad for development, bad for global security and bad for America.



ARTICLE
One of the first corrections the new Pentagon chief subtly issued to his boss concerned his name.
Donald Trump, a president who considers his bluster an asset, has enthused over the reputation of his defense secretary, even to the point of misunderstanding it.
“Mad Dog Mattis plays no games,” he told a North Carolina rally when announcing James Mattis as his choice to lead the Pentagon. 
“You know he’s known as Mad Dog Mattis, right? Mad Dog for a reason,” he emphasized to the New York Times, after expressing surprise that a man with such a nickname wasn’t keen on torture. 
After less than a week on the job, Mattis walked through the Pentagon press corps bullpen with a message: call him Jim. “Enough of this Mad Dog business,” paraphrased Military Times reporter Andrew DeGrandpre. 
The correction needed no explicit rebuke of Trump to convey its message. Whatever mad dog Trump thinks Mattis to be, Mattis’ first week at the Pentagon showed him gripping the leash from the other end. Mattis set out to assure traditional US allies that Trump’s harsh assessments of them are not the final word from Washington. 
In a flurry of calls to his counterparts, Mattis has sent signals that he is both a traditional Atlanticist and an anchor of stability serving an unpredictable president. 
On 16 January, Trump revived his dismissal of Nato in an interview with the Times of London and Germany’s Bild, reiterating that the Atlantic alliance was “obsolete” – “it wasn’t taking care of terror” – while in the same breath calling Nato “very important to me”. For good measure, Trump professed his “respect” for German chancellor Angela Merkel while repeatedly referring to her “catastrophic mistake” in “taking all of these illegals”.
On Monday, one of Mattis’s first acts at the Pentagon was to call the Nato secretary general. The Pentagon account of the call conspicuously noted Mattis’s history as a Nato official and, unsubtly, explained that Mattis “wanted to place the call on his first full day in office to reinforce the importance he places on the alliance”.
By Thursday, Mattis called German defense minister Ursula von der Leyen and set a similar tone. The US-German alliance was important “bilaterally and as members of Nato”, according to the Pentagon’s account of the call. Particular sources of gratitude from Mattis were “the role that Germany plays in fighting terrorism” and hosting 35,000 US service members. 
For good measure, Mattis praised German leadership “in Nato activities on the eastern flank”, near Russia, which Mattis had told the Senate seeks to break the Atlantic alliance.
It was not the only call Mattis made that day. In speaking with French defense minister Jean-Yves Le Drian, he was practically emotional. The US-French defense relationship is “stronger than ever”, in the Pentagon readout of the call, thanks to soldiering “side-by-side in the fight against terrorism”. Mattis thanked Le Drian for France’s commitment to both Nato and the fight against Islamic State, which Trump wants to accelerate, and they looked forward to their first meeting, at next month’s Nato defense ministerial conference. 
Left unsaid were Trump’s comments that terrorism in France is “their own fault”, “because they allowed people to come into their territory” days after the Nice truck attack.
Not everyone, however, thinks Mattis is walking Trump back. 
“It’s clear that General Mattis will be given a relatively free hand in running the Department of Defense,” said Jack Keane, a retired US army general who played a leading role in designing the 2007-08 Iraq troop surge and who has advised Hillary Clinton.
Mattis, Keane said, was “doing things that a secretary would normally do, like when he assumes his duties and calls his counterparts around the world and reassures them that this administration intends to continue to support their allies”.
“I don’t think it’s a reining-in so much as President Trump relying on his judgment,” he said.
Charles Kupchan, a Georgetown professor and Europe adviser to Barack Obama’s White House, said thus far “there is not a lot of discipline to go around” in Trump’s circles and considered it too soon to tell how extensive Mattis’ access to Trump would be. 
“It’s going to be a daily challenge to see if those in the cabinet who have more experience, more moderate views are able to tame the president,” Kupchan said.
But the reassurance of traditional allies, particularly Europeans alarmed by Trump’s bent toward Russia, was what prompted palpable relief within US defense circles – and especially establishment Republican ones – over Mattis’ nomination. It was enough to override a longstanding prohibition against recently retired officers helming the Pentagon.
Senator John McCain, the Arizona Republican hawk who does not miss an opportunity to voice his contempt for Trump, told a GOP retreat on Thursday: “I’m not sure if one person can have a profound effect, but if anyone can have a profound effect it is General Mattis.”
The soaring hopes that Mattis can control Trump will soon face intense tests. Trump is weighing the removal of sanctions on Russia. Since Russia remains in Ukraine, any relaxation on sanctions will appear as payback for Kremlin interference in the US election. 
Carl Bildt, a former Swedish prime minister, tweeted that Russia would understand it as a green light from Washington to gobble up more Ukrainian territory. US lawmakers, including McCain, are already vowing to write sanctions into law and dare Trump to veto them. 
Another pivotal decision is looming in Iraq. With Mosul likely to fall to US-backed Iraqi forces in the coming weeks, the final Isis stronghold in the country will be gone, leaving Trump to reckon whether the US ought to remain or withdraw. 
Should Trump desire to stay, Mattis will likely have to clean up the messes from Trump’s repeated longing to take Iraq’s oil and to ban Iraqis from entering the US, moves that appear to have shocked Iraqis. 
Mattis ended his first week as defense secretary by receiving Trump at the Pentagon, where Trump signed an executive order for a military build-up. He called Mattis “a man of action” and, though Mattis was a Marine, a “tremendous soldier”. 
Mattis did not correct Trump, however, and Trump did not call Mattis “Mad Dog”.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump has said he will create a commission to examine his baseless claim that three million people voted illegally in the 2016 election, although the Republican leader of the Senate has rejected federal funding for any such investigation.
In the weeks since Trump won the presidency but lost the popular vote, he has falsely claimed that millions of people voted illegally, citing reports about registration that do not make any assertion that people are committing fraud.
“Many people have come out and said I am right,” the president told Fox News host Bill O’Reilly in an interview broadcast on Sunday, without naming any such people. 
Last month Trump cited Gregg Phillips, a man who claims without evidence to have found “thousands of duplicate records and registrations of dead people”, and who himself was registered to vote in multiple states. 
Similarly, Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon, son-in-law Jared Kushner, press secretary Sean Spicer, nominee for treasury secretary Steven Mnuchin and daughter Tiffany Trump were each registered to vote in two states last year. There is no evidence any of them voted more than once.
O’Reilly pressed Trump to show some proof for his claim, saying: “You have to have data to back that up.”
“Forget that, forget all that,” Trump said. “I’m going to set up a commission to headed by Vice-president Mike Pence and we’re going to look at it very, very carefully.”
Trump said his main complaint was with multiple registrations. “When you look at the registration and you see dead people that have voted; when you see people that are registered in two states, that have voted in two states, when you see other things, when you see illegals, people that are not citizens and they are on the registration roles.”
Election officials, who work with state and not federal authorities, have reported only a handful of attempted voter fraud incidents in the 2016 election and the last several elections. 
Trump provided no evidence in his interview with O’Reilly, but insisted: “We can be babies, but you take a look at the registration, you have illegals, you have dead people, you have this, it’s really a bad situation, it’s really bad.”
Earlier on Sunday, Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell told CNN’s State of the Union “election fraud does occur”. 
But he added: “There is no evidence that it occurred in such a significant number that would have changed the presidential election. And I don’t think we ought to spend any federal money investigating that.”
McConnell said elections should continue to run in a decentralized system that afforded authority to the states.
“I think the states can take a look at this issue,” he said. “Many of them have tried to tighten their voter rolls, tried to purge people who are dead and otherwise not eligible to vote. And I think we ought to leave that at the state level.”
Civil rights advocates have warned for years that lawmakers may try to restrict voting rights under the guise of cracking down on voter fraud. Court battles continue to be fought around the country over new state rules. 



ARTICLE
The White House on Monday refused to back off Donald Trump’s extraordinary and unfounded claim that Barack Obama wiretapped the phones in Trump Tower during the 2016 presidential campaign, despite the head of the FBI saying he had “no information” to support the claim.
A visibly agitated White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters that the investigation into Trump’s wiretapping accusation was only in its “first chapter” and there was “interesting news” yet to come. He also said Trump would not apologize to his predecessor.
By contrast, Spicer denounced reports of possible collusion between individuals with the Trump campaign and Russia in an effort to influence the outcome of last year’s presidential election as “a bit of a stretch” and “ridiculous”.
On Monday, FBI director James Comey, speaking at a public hearing before the House intelligence committee, confirmed for the first time that the bureau is investigating whether members of the Trump campaign colluded with Moscow to influence the 2016 election. 
During the briefing, Spicer sought to distance the Trump campaign from aides who have come under scrutiny for their contacts with Russia after they were the subject of a line of questioning during the House committee hearing. He dismissed Carter Page, an informal foreign policy adviser to Trump, and Roger Stone, a longtime Trump confidant, as “hangers on”. 
“To look at some individual that was there for a short period of time or separately individuals who really didn’t play any role in the campaign and to suggest that those are the basis for anything is a bit ridiculous,” he added.
But Spicer’s claim that Paul Manafort, Trump’s former campaign manger, had only played a “limited role for a very limited amount of time” drew immediate skepticism from the press corp. Manafort joined the Trump campaign in March 2016 before being promoted to campaign manager, and resigned amid scrutiny of his business dealings to pro-Russian leaders in Ukraine.
Spicer also called former national security adviser Michael Flynn a “volunteer of the campaign”. Flynn was an adviser to the Trump campaign and spoke on the first night of the 2016 Republican national convention before being appointed national security adviser once Trump won the election. He was forced to resign last month after misrepresenting his contacts with the Russian ambassador to Washington.
The White House has repeatedly denied any collusion with Russia over its meddling in the 2016 election. Spicer on Monday said he was unaware of any White House officials currently being under investigation by the FBI.
The press secretary said there was a “big difference” between the investigations into Trump’s wiretapping claim and the one into possible coordination between the Trump campaign and Moscow.
“When the people who have been briefed by the FBI about collusion between individuals [within the Trump campaign and Russia] the answer continues to be ‘no’ and at some point take ‘no’ for an answer,” Spicer said, appearing to suggest that those briefed on the collusion allegations felt there was no substance to them.
He added: “So you can continue to look for something – but [you’re] continuing to look for something that doesn’t exist, doesn’t matter.”
He took a different attitude towards Trump’s wiretapping claims, which the White House has refused to back away from despite bipartisan statements from the Senate and House intelligence committees, and now the FBI, National Security Agency and Department of Justice, that there is no evidence to support the accusation that Obama spied on Trump during last year’s campaign.
 During the Monday briefing, Spicer also clarified his conversation with British officials after he repeated an unsubstantiated report from a Fox News pundit that the country’s spy agency had helped Obama eavesdrop on Trump during the presidential campaign last year.
“There was merely an explanation of what we did and why we did it,” Spicer said. Last week, he quoted from a Fox News report that suggested the Obama administration had asked the UK to conduct surveillance on Trump.
In a rare move, GCHQ called the accusation “nonsense”, “utterly ridiculous” and an assertion that ought to be “ignored”.
During the House intelligence committee hearing on Monday, the NSA director, Michael Rogers, said that it would have been violation of US law to ask the British to conduct such an operation. Asked whether he, or anyone else, had asked GCHQ to spy on Trump or his allies, Rogers replied: “No, sir, nor would I.”



