ARTICLE
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) - Arkansas lawmakers are working on impeachment rules in the wake of calls to remove a judge who participated in an anti-death penalty demonstration after issuing an order blocking executions.
House Speaker Jeremy Gillam said Tuesday there are no plans in place to try to impeach Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen. But the lawmaker says a procedure needs to be in place if any future situation were to arise, and could possibly never be used.
“We were asked what would the process and procedure be, and we didn’t have one,” Gillam said. “That’s a deficiency on our part and in our rules that we need to correct.”
The proposed impeachment rules passed a House Rules Committee on Tuesday. The plan is expected to go before the full House on Wednesday.
Griffen issued a temporary restraining order on April 14 blocking the use of a lethal injection drug after a medical company said it wasn’t sold for executions.
Later that day, Griffen lay on a cot outside the governor’s mansion wearing an anti-death penalty button, surrounded by people holding signs opposing the death penalty. Griffen’s order was lifted two days later, and he was removed from the case by the state Supreme Court.
Republican Sen. Trent Garner called for Griffen’s impeachment in a statement Monday, saying he “selfishly disregarded his duties as a judge.”
“Making a public statement about a case in which he was still involved reeks of bias,” Garner said.
Griffen asked two disciplinary panels to investigate Arkansas’ attorney general and Supreme Court last week. The judge accuses both of violating ethics rules for barring him from handling capital punishment cases as a result of his demonstration.
Griffen is under investigation by the Judicial Discipline and Disability Commission. The commission says it has also opened an investigation into his complaint against the justices.
 



ARTICLE
CHICAGO (AP) - Chicago legislators representing high-crime neighborhoods near a Norfolk Southern rail yard where 150 guns were stolen in three major thefts over a three-year span are proposing new laws to try and ensure railroads properly secure facilities to prevent such thefts.
Their proposal, which is before the public safety committee and which will later go to the full City Council, cites “the vice grip of gun violence” that led to a 19-year high 762 homicides in 2016. It contends that city “train yards have emerged as a ready source of firearms.”
The three thefts from 2014 to 2016 all occurred at Norfolk Southern’s 69th Street Yard, situated in South Side neighborhoods hard hit by gang-related shootings. The legislative initiative is a rare instance of local politicians seeking to pressure a multibillion-dollar corporation over the thefts.
Chicago Alderman Pat Dowell, one of the ordinance co-sponsors, told The Associated Press that the potential deadly consequence of such thefts meant railways must be especially diligent about fortifying yards. She said: “They need to be as secure as the Pentagon.”
The measures, proposed toward the end of April, mandate that fences around the perimeter of rail yards be well-maintained. They would also impose fines if railroads don’t promptly alert police about gun thefts.
Key sections of fence at the Norfolk Southern yard have been in disrepair and posed little deterrent, while there are no barriers in parts of the yard where trains stand idle overnight.
In an emailed statement Tuesday, spokeswoman Susan Terpay said Norfolk Southern has “enhanced security measures at our rail yards in Chicago.” She didn’t provide details. She also said the company “reports any cargo theft to the Chicago police as soon as the theft is confirmed.”
In an April 2015, street-gang thieves slipped easily into the Norfolk Southern yard and made off with over 100 brand new guns that had been en route from New Hampshire’s Sturm, Ruger & Co. weapons maker to the Gunarama Wholesale store in Spokane, Washington.
Based on court filings, the AP reported in March that many of the .45-caliber revolvers, pistol-grip long rifles and other stolen Rugers ended up in the hands of Chicago-area gang and drug dealers. Most of the weapons were never recovered.
Sen. Dick Durbin, an Illinois Democrat, later in March sent a letter to Norfolk Southern, saying the rail-yard gun thefts “jeopardize the safety and well-being of Chicago residents.”
__
Follow Michael Tarm on Twitter at http://twitter.com/mtarm
 



ARTICLE
LAREDO, Texas (AP) - Three South Texas men have been hit with lengthy prison sentences for conspiring to kidnap and hold hostage immigrants who have entered the United States illegally.
Forty-two-year-old Jose Israel Diaz, 20-year-old Angel Alexis Diaz and 42-year-old Julio Osorio pleaded guilty last September to conspiracy to kidnap the immigrants. U.S. District Judge Marina Garcia Mamolejo (mahr-moh-LAY’-hoh) sentenced Jose Diaz to 30 years in federal prison, Alexis Diaz to 21 years and 10 months in prison, and Julio Osorio got a prison term of 24 years and four months in prison.
Eight Mexican migrants to authorities that that had arranged to be smuggled into the United States at Laredo, where the Diazes and Osorio held them for ransom from the migrants’ families.
 



ARTICLE
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - Texas lawmakers moved Tuesday to make it even easier to carry firearms with a trio of bills approved by the state House - including one that could cost the state millions amid a sizeable budget crunch.
The chamber voted 111-30 to decrease gun licenses to $40, down from $140 for first-time permits and $70 for 5-year renewals. The move has already cleared the Texas Senate and now needs only a final House vote - which should come Wednesday - before Gov. Greg Abbott can sign it into law.
The decrease is expected to cost Texas nearly $22 million over the life of the 2018-2019 state budget that the Legislature is still devising. That’s a significant number given that the prolonged oil price slump has left the state up to $6 billion short of being able to maintain current spending levels over the two-year life of the next budget.
Opponents warned the move could deplete funding for other priorities like public education, though those objections didn’t stop the proposal from passing.
Supporters said Texas currently has some of the nation’s highest fees for gun licenses, and that they are so costly that residents sometimes travel to neighboring states to get cheaper licenses that are still applicable back home because of reciprocity agreements.
When the bill was approved in the Senate, floor discussion focused on classes that are sometimes offered in Houston and elsewhere around Texas that help students obtain Florida gun licenses, since that state’s license will work in Texas but has lower fees.
Abbott, meanwhile, has said he would go as far as eliminating all fees associated with obtaining a gun license. The original Senate bill called for doing just that, but was scaled-back to soften the financial impact.
Also passed Tuesday using a simple voice vote was a proposal allowing volunteer firefighters and medical services volunteers to bring guns into restricted areas. That bill is designed to allow first responders who carry concealed handguns to handle emergencies without the delay of storing their guns. There was no debate but opponents have previously noted that the volunteers are not trained to handle firearms in such high-stress environments.
A third proposal approved Tuesday would allow license applicants take handgun proficiency courses online, rather than in the classroom. They would still be required to complete at least one hour of shooting range instruction before completing the shooting test at the end of the class.
 



ARTICLE
OAKDALE, Calif. (AP) - The health care debate that has divided Congress also is dividing a California congressional district that narrowly re-elected Republican Jeff Denham last year while backing Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
Denham’s constituents have strong opinions about the future of “Obamacare” but they show little enthusiasm for the compromises in the latest Republican attempt to repeal former President Barack Obama’s signature health care law.
Moderate Republicans like Denham hold the key to passing or blocking the GOP’s American Health Care Act.
Denham, who expects another difficult re-election campaign, has come out against the law in its current iteration. Whether that helps or hurts him couldn’t be gleaned from interviews with constituents in Manteca, Oakdale and Modesto.
Some said they’d like him to preserve Obama’s law while others want it repealed entirely.
Matt Wright, 39, a golf-cart technician from Oakdale, said he is concerned by an element in the GOP plan that would allow insurance companies in some states to charge more of people with pre-existing conditions.
“Then you end up with the people who would need it most not covered,” Wright said as he finished his beer at Last Call Brewing Company in Oakdale.
Wright bought coverage through Covered California, the state’s Obamacare marketplace, to avoid paying a fine for lacking insurance. He said he’d benefit from changes like those in the GOP health bill that lower costs for healthy people like him while raising them for older and sicker Americans.
“But do I care if it’s better for me if it’s worse for everybody?” Wright said. “There’s a tough question. … I don’t know.”
The latest version of the GOP bill would let states escape a requirement under Obama’s law that insurers charge healthy and seriously ill customers the same rates. Overall, the legislation would cut the Medicaid program for the poor, eliminate Obama’s fines for people who don’t buy insurance and provide generally skimpier subsidies.
Denham voted to repeal the Obamacare law while Obama was president and certain to veto it, but he said last week that he’s opposed to the GOP bill unless it increases Medicaid payments to doctors.
“My district has an access issue,” Denham said. “Until we’ve got doctors getting reimbursed properly that will actually see Medicaid patients, I can’t support the bill.”
Denham, who represents a heavily Latino area of California’s Central Valley agricultural region, was targeted last year by Democrats who tried aggressively to link him to Donald Trump. He won by about 3 percentage points in a district where Hillary Clinton defeated Trump by about the same amount.
Kathleen Westenberg, 67, said she was disappointed that after promising for years to repeal Obama’s health care law the GOP didn’t have a bill ready as soon as Trump took office.
“I would want him to fully repeal it. That’s why President Trump was elected,” Westenberg said as she walked into a Stanislaus County Republican Party fundraiser headlined by conservative commentator Ann Coulter in Modesto.
John Marsella, a 52-year-old stay-at-home dad, said he’s no fan of the bill Republicans are discussing. He’d prefer to see Obamacare repealed entirely, in part because he fears the law will lead to the collapse of insurance markets followed by government-funded health care.
Still, Denham’s vote on the health care bill is unlikely to sway his vote for the congressman in 2018, Marsella said, because he would not be inclined to support Denham’s Democratic opponent.
“I wish they’d just repeal Obamacare like they said they would do,” Marsella said as he ate an ice cream sundae at the bar at Cahoots Corner Cafe in Oakdale.
California Democrats, who control the Legislature and all statewide offices, have been eager to tout successes at implementing Obama’s health care law and would be highly unlikely to use the flexibility offered to states under the GOP bill.
But that doesn’t make the bill any more palatable to Mary Lou Armenta, 62, of Modesto. She worries that allowing insurance companies in some states to charge more for people with pre-existing conditions would hurt people like her 17-year-old son, who has diabetes.
“That’s not fair. That’s being prejudiced. Very prejudiced,” said Armenta, who described herself as independent and said she wishes Bernie Sanders was president. “I wonder how they would feel if they were in our position.”
___
Associated Press writer Mary Clare Jalonick in Washington contributed to this report.
 



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON (AP) - Government officials requested to know the identities of more than 1,900 Americans whose information was swept up in National Security Agency surveillance programs last year, according to an intelligence report issued Tuesday.
The identities of U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents were found in 3,914 intelligence reports the NSA distributed last year, the report said. The annual report comes just weeks after President Donald Trump accused former President Barack Obama’s national security adviser of possibly committing a crime when she asked government analysts to disclose the names of Trump associates documented in intelligence reports.
Most names in such intelligence reports are masked to protect privacy, but last year government officials requested that 1,934 identities - not initially revealed in the NSA reports - be unmasked in order to understand the intelligence being conveyed. In 2015, government officials requested the unmasking of 2,232 identities.
Obama’s national security adviser, Susan Rice, has said neither she nor other Obama officials used secret intelligence reports to spy on Trump associates for political purposes. Rice’s official role would have given her the ability to request that names be revealed for national security purposes.
In interviews, Rice acknowledged that she sometimes asked for the names of Americans referenced in reports. She would not say whether she saw intelligence related to Trump associates or whether she asked for their identities, though she did say that reports related to Russia increased in the final months of the presidential election campaign.
Lawmakers have repeatedly asked U.S. intelligence agencies to tell them how many Americans’ emails and calls are vacuumed up by warrantless government surveillance programs created to collect information on foreign intelligence targets.
“This report provides a small window into the government’s surveillance activities, but it leaves vital questions unanswered,” Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., said in a statement. “At the top of the list is how many Americans’ communications are being swept up.”
After former NSA contractor Edward Snowden leaked documents revealing extensive government surveillance, Congress passed a law that ended bulk collection. But communications companies can collect the data and the NSA still can access it for national security purposes.
The report showed that even under the new law, the NSA still collected more than 151 million records about Americans’ phone calls last year.
 



ARTICLE
BOSTON (AP) - A federal judge won’t toss charges against two top-level members of Boston Mayor Marty Walsh’s staff that allege they pressured music festival organizers to hire union workers.
A U.S. District Court judge ruled Tuesday that the criminal case against Kenneth Brissette and Timothy Sullivan should proceed, rejecting motions to dismiss.
The men are accused of pressuring the Boston Calling music festival’s production company into hiring union workers by withholding necessary city permits and approvals in 2014. Brissette is director of the city’s Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment.
Both men have pleaded not guilty to extortion and conspiracy charges and are on leave.
Sullivan’s attorney says they’re “fully committed” to defending what he called “completely innocent actions.” Brissette has said through his attorney that he intends to fight the charges.
 



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON (AP) - A North Texas police chief says a lack of solid data on hate crimes is one of the greatest barriers to fighting the problem.
Will Johnson, the police chief in Arlington, Texas, told a congressional panel that both law enforcement agencies and victims need better training and education on the importance of collecting and reporting hate crime figures.
Johnson spoke before the Senate Judiciary Committee’s hearing on religious hate crimes. He says more agencies need to provide their crime data to the FBI, which keeps figures that are undercount because reporting is voluntary.
Johnson also says law enforcement officials struggle with when to classify an offense as a hate crime because motive can be tricky to prove. And building relationships among officers and communities can help improve information-sharing.
 



ARTICLE
President Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed in a phone call Tuesday to work together to end the civil war in Syria, according to the White House, with both men saying the suffering in that country has gone on for too long.
The relationship between the two leaders has come under close scrutiny amid Democrats’ accusations that Mr. Trump conspired with Moscow to impact the U.S. presidential race.
Mr. Trump and Mr. Putin also discussed tensions on the Korean Peninsula and the threat of the Islamic State in the Middle East, said the White House.
The White House described the conversation about Syria as “a very good one” that included discussion of establishing safe zones or de-escalation zones to help achieve lasting peace.
The civil war in Syria, now in its sixth year, has become a flash point in U.S.-Russia relations, with Moscow supporting the Bashar Assad regime and Washington backing anti-Assad rebels.
U.S. involvement escalated last month with missile strikes on an Assad regime airfield in retaliation for the government’s deadly chemical weapon attack on Syrian civilians.
The call on Syria came a day before a new round of cease-fire talks that the U.S. will attend in Astana, Kazakhstan.
The Kremlin gave a slightly different readout of the phone call, stressing how Mr. Putin pressed Mr. Trump to de-escalate tensions with North Korea.
“Vladimir Putin has called for restraint and decreasing of the level of tensions,” the Kremlin said. “It has been agreed to work jointly on a diplomatic solution that will settle the crisis.”
The White House said only that “they spoke about how best to resolve the very dangerous situation in North Korea.”
On Syria, the Kremlin said the two countries would work toward a common goal at the peace talks in Astana.
“The goal is to create the background that would help launch a real peace process in Syria. This means that Russia’s foreign minister and the U.S. secretary of state would inform their leaders about progress in this regard,” said the Kremlin.
 



ARTICLE
PARIS (AP) - The Latest on France’s presidential election (all times local):
10:40 p.m.
Musicians, artists and dancers are calling for voters to celebrate France’s cultural diversity and keep far-right nationalist Marine Le Pen from becoming president.
At a free concert Tuesday at the Paris Philharmonic, prominent cultural figures urged support for centrist Emmanuel Macron instead. Macron and Le Pen are facing off in a high-stakes runoff election on Sunday.
Philharmonic director Laurent Bayle said: “We who want to keep living in societies based on differences, we need step up the effort through this week and call a maximum of people to spread our message of friendship.”
Actress Celine Sallette said: “We need to defend the arts that make us feel uncomfortable, elevate us, move us or make us think, making us more human. We need to stand together to defend, liberty, equality and brotherhood.”
Le Pen has promised to curb immigration to France, if she is elected.
___
9:30 p.m.
French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen says the verbatim parts of a former rival’s speech that she used in one of her own campaign addresses was a “wink” and that she “totally owns” it.
Le Pen said in an interview on TV channel TF1 news Tuesday night that the deliberate quotation was also intended to create a media “buzz” because “that’s the only thing you are interested in.”
Le Pen borrowed from a speech delivered last month by Francois Fillon, the former conservative candidate, about France’s important role in Europe and the world.
The far-right hopeful added that her party and Fillon’s voters share “the same vision of France, of its greatness, of the role it should have in the world.”
___
11 a.m.
Poland’s Foreign Ministry is denouncing French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron’s comparison of Poland’s government to the “regimes” of Russia’s Vladimir Putin and Hungary’s Viktor Orban.
Macron made his remarks at a Paris rally on Monday ahead of the Sunday runoff between himself and populist Marine Le Pen.
At a Paris rally, he said: “You know the friends and allies of Mrs. Le Pen. These are the regimes of Orban, Kaczynski and Putin. They are not open and free democracies.”
Jaroslaw Kaczynski is the chairman of Poland’s ruling conservative Law and Justice party and the country’s most powerful politician.
The ministry said Macron used “unacceptable comparisons and mental shortcuts that lead to errors in public opinion” and denied that Poland is an ally of Le Pen.
___
10 a.m.
Marine Le Pen’s spokesmen have acknowledged that the French far-right candidate offered up a speech that, in many parts, copied around 90 seconds of one by a former presidential candidate, and called it a “wink” toward him and his supporters.
Francois Fillon, the former Republicans candidate, first delivered the speech extolling France and its virtues on April 15, just two weeks before Le Pen’s discourse on Monday.
Three separate spokesmen for Le Pen used the word “wink” to describe the extracts copied word for word from Fillon. “I think with part of the right, we have exactly the same vision on the national identity and independence,” Louis Aliot, Front National vice president, told LCI television Tuesday.
Fillon has called for his supporters to back her centrist rival, Emmanuel Macron.
___
9:30 a.m.
French centrist presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron is promising an ethics bill that will block office-holders from conflicts of interest, nepotism and other ethical issues that have infuriated voters.
Macron, who started his own political movement just a year ago, also promised he could get a legislative majority to pass the measure and others he says France needs to pull itself from the economic doldrums.
Legislative elections are in June, and whoever is president will depend on lawmakers to implement an agenda.
Candidates of the two main parties, the Socialists and the Republicans, failed to make it to the presidential runoff for the first time in modern French history. Macron, who has pulled support from both wings, said Tuesday candidates will have to quit their parties to run in his movement.
 



ARTICLE
The new ombudsman at the government’s chief immigration benefits agency is a longtime backer of stricter immigration policies, drawing an overheated response from advocacy groups who accused her of being a “white supremacist.”
Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly said Tuesday that he’s tapped Julie Kirchner to field complaints and suggest improvements in U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.
Ms. Kirchner was formerly executive director of the Federation for American Immigration Reform, and more recently was an adviser to the border commissioner.
Her work at FAIR drew a sharp response from immigrant-rights groups who have regularly battled the crackdown organization.
“This is putting the fox in charge of the hen house,” said Lynn Tramonte, deputy director of America’s Voice Education Fund. “The USCIS Ombudsman is supposed to help immigrants and American citizens resolve issues with the bureaucracy.  As someone who has spent her career demonizing immigrants and immigration, Kirchner is certainly not qualified for this position.”
United We Dream, another group, called Ms. Kirchner a “white supremacist” — though it offered no specific proof other than calling FAIR a “hate group.”
The ombudsman’s role is to be an independent point of contact for people who struggle with the bureaucracy at USCIS, and to suggest changes to the agency.
 



ARTICLE
LANSING, Mich. (AP) - Michigan would make it a crime to intentionally shine a laser at an aircraft under legislation going to Gov. Rick Snyder for his expected signature.
Pointing a laser at an aircraft - which can temporarily blind the pilot - is currently a federal crime punishable by five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. But the Michigan State Police says a state law would deter strikes and help authorities catch people who are increasingly “lasing” aircraft, often near airports.
The main bill passed the House 106-2 Tuesday. It would make shining a laser at an aircraft or moving train a felony punishable by five years in prison and a $10,000 fine.
Exceptions would be made for research conducted by the military or aviation industry.
___
Online:
House Bills 4063-64: http://bit.ly/2pUs7Gf
 



ARTICLE
ANNAPOLIS, Md. (AP) - Madelyn Monzo doesn’t spend her paychecks — she’s saving them to take her father to Walt Disney World.
The 24-year-old Annapolis native works in a discount store — her third job since taking programs at the Providence Center, an organization that helps “individuals with disabilities to enjoy increased self-determination” in society, according to their annual report.
Monzo has Down syndrome, and transitioned from high school to the Providence Center, which offers classes like personal hygiene, her favorite.
She said her first job was at Chesapeake Treasures, a clothing store in Severna Park, Maryland.
“I worked there for two years,” Monzo said, “They would have me go to the back room and sort clothes.”
Monzo also worked at a McDonald’s, cleaning the restaurant.
But it is when she is asked about her current job that her face lights up.
Monzo works at the store in a strip mall in Crownsville, Maryland; corporate officials did not approve naming the organization in print.
Monzo said she was so excited when she learned she got the job she was jumping up and down saying “I have a job!”
When asked, Monzo can produce her purple safety box cutter from her purse in an instant.
Her mentor, Amanda Tosoni, found the specialized tool with a covered blade online and ordered it in Monzo’s favorite color, purple.
Monzo arrives at work, punches in, then starts opening boxes.  She can open 12 boxes in a two-hour shift, according to Tosoni.
She organizes all the merchandise when it arrives and then “they let me go into the store to put merchandise on the shelves,” she said.
Handling merchandise from arrival to stocking goods on the shelves means that Monzo knows the merchandise inside and out, she said.
Tosoni has been a mentor at the Providence Center for over four years, but has been working with Monzo for about half a year.
Part of mentoring is helping the clients at the Providence Center determine what kinds of jobs they would like, what they would be good at, and preparing them for the job hunt.
Joining the workforce and having a job is important because “they’re getting some respect, they’re going to get paid, all that good stuff happens,” according to Tosoni.
When Monzo told her father she had the job, she said he told her he was proud of her.
But work is only a small part of Monzo’s life.
She volunteers, acts, sings, makes jewelry, and she is an advocate.
When Rosemary Elger, Providence Center’s director of workforce and community development, asked Monzo whether she wanted to go to Annapolis for a political rally, Monzo said yes.
“I felt like I wanted to help,” Monzo said.
Elger, Monzo and another member of the Providence Center community went to Lawyer’s Mall, right outside the State House in Annapolis.
They were at the February rally in support of legislation proposed during the General Assembly called the Keep the Door Open Act.
The legislation required an annual increase in the governor’s budget specifically for behavioral health programs and ensured continued funding for community health care providers, like the Providence Center.
The Senate’s bill, SB0476, passed in that chamber on March 17. Subsequently, the provisions in the bill were folded into omnibus legislation to address the state’s opioid crisis, called the HOPE Act. That bill, which mandates funding for behavioral health, including for mental health and for substance use disorders for those addicted to heroin and opioids, passed on the last day of the session.
Gov. Larry Hogan’s budget for the upcoming 2018 fiscal year includes a 2 percent increase for behavioral health.
The behavioral health provisions of the Hope Act, which kick in for the 2019 and 2020 fiscal years, mandate a 3.5 percent increase in spending for behavioral health, and require that the state study providers’ reimbursement rates to keep them at a competitive level going forward.
The Providence Center’s annual budget, which was $9.8 million in fiscal year 2016, shows that more than 90 percent of their operation costs were covered by grants and contracts.
The center, which has several locations around Anne Arundel County, including a greenhouse, offers vocational training, transportation, day programs including counseling and fitness, as well as recreational trips for adults with disabilities.
Elger had been speaking to Monzo about being a “self-advocate,” which is part of why Monzo wanted to go to the rally.
“I want to speak up for myself,” she said.
Monzo is,”very friendly and she’s very outgoing,” said Tosoni. “I’ve never heard her talk per se about politics, but it doesn’t surprise me that she was advocating for herself.  And I’m proud of her.”
Monzo said she enjoyed the rally, and said she would attend another.
She also wants to keep working.
Tosoni said her long-term goal for Monzo is increasing the amount of hours she works in a week.
Currently, Monzo works one, two-hour shift per week at the discount store. Tosoni mentors some people working as many as 30 hours in a week.
“I like to keep on working,” Monzo said, and “talking to new people.”
Monzo does much more than work — she is also active in The Sky is the Limit theater, in Dundalk, Maryland.
She acted in the theater’s rendition of “Willy Wonka,” in which she played two roles, including an Oompa Loompa.
Monzo also appeared in the production of “Honk”, which she said “is kind of like ‘Dumbo,’ but with a duck.”
She also volunteers at The Clothes Box, a consignment store located in the Anne Arundel Medical Center.
When she isn’t out and about in the community, Monzo crafts, making all kinds of jewelry.
Through her years at the Providence Center, Monzo has learned many things, but she said her favorite lesson is to “learn from your mistakes.”
 



ARTICLE
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) - Kansas lawmakers who want to keep concealed guns out of state hospitals have yet to settle on a path forward, though they’ve likely ruled out spending $24 million to secure the facilities.
Spending committees in the House and Senate have decided they won’t fund GOP Gov. Sam Brownback’s proposal that the state pay for metal detectors and armed guards at state hospitals for the mentally ill and developmentally disabled. Both committees met Tuesday to continue work on their comprehensive spending bills. Under a 2013 law Brownback signed, the hospitals will have to allow guns starting July 1 unless they provide additional security measures such as guards and metal detectors.
Lawmakers on both sides of the gun debate were unwilling to spend the money while the Legislature works to fill an $887 million budget hole through June 2019. Opponents of the concealed carry policy are still hoping to keep guns out of the hospitals, but it’s unclear how they might go about rolling back the law. Lawmakers weren’t able to hold a floor debate before the legislature’s April break on the controversial concealed carry law, which will require that public universities, hospitals and nursing homes allow guns or provide security starting in July.
Kansas Department for Aging and Disability Services Secretary Tim Keck said he is working with lawmakers to find a solution, whether it’s funding for security or an exemption from the concealed carry law.
House Democratic Leader Rep. Jim Ward said he thought a rollback of the broader concealed carry policy would have wide support in the House. But he said he hasn’t settled on a strategy to bring up the debate.
“We should do something that doesn’t cost $24 million that provides as much safety, which is tell people you can’t bring your gun to the state hospitals or to mental institutions or to nursing homes or college campuses,” Ward said.
Republican Rep. Stephanie Clayton, an outspoken opponent of campus carry, said she’s also looking into options for a rollback of concealed carry at colleges and hospitals, but she said she thought a bill might pass only giving state hospitals the right to restrict concealed carry in secured areas of the building.
That option is admissible to Republican Rep. J.R. Claeys, who opposed funding the $25 million security measures. He said allowing hospitals to restrict guns in locked areas would be more cost effective while allowing the hospitals to keep guns away from patients. He said he still supports the policy for other public hospitals, nursing homes and college campuses.
“Simply because I have a broken leg doesn’t mean I give up my right to defend myself,” he said.
Claeys said banning guns from hospitals doesn’t stop people from bringing them in. Concealed carry supporters have said people should be able to carry and defend themselves, unless officials can ensure a public building is gun-free using metal detectors and armed guards.
State university officials have been preparing to adhere to the law, though some lawmakers have made efforts to prevent guns from coming to campuses. Three universities will spend more than $2 million on security for large sporting events to comply.
Concealed carry supporters have tried to take away universities’ right to make any policies governing how and where people carry guns on campus, but that bill hasn’t gotten a committee vote.
 



ARTICLE
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) - The Latest on an immigrant with no criminal record facing imminent deportation to Guatemala after having lived in Connecticut for 25 years (all times local):
3:30 p.m.
Police in Connecticut have detained 19 people who volunteered to be arrested while rallying in support of an immigrant facing imminent deportation to Guatemala.
Officers charged supporters of Luis Barrios with trespassing and disorderly conduct Tuesday for blocking the entrance to the federal courthouse in Hartford. The arrests were peaceful, and all 19 demonstrators were expected to be released later in the day.
Federal immigration officials had allowed Barrios to live in the U.S. the past several years. But they decided to enforce a deportation order after President Donald Trump took office in January and made immigration enforcement a priority.
Barrios has no criminal record. He lives in Derby with his wife and their four U.S. citizen children.
He will leave Thursday for Guatemala unless immigration officials approve his requests to stay.
____
1:10 p.m.
An immigrant facing imminent deportation to Guatemala has the support of Connecticut’s two U.S. senators, who are trying to prevent him from being sent back to a country he left 25 years ago amid threats to his family.
Luis Barrios fled Guatemala in 1992 and entered the U.S. without legal permission. He lives in Derby with his wife and four children, who are U.S. citizens. He’s scheduled to leave for Guatemala on Thursday.
Connecticut Sens. Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy and congresswoman Rosa DeLauro are urging immigration officials to allow Barrios to stay in the U.S.
Authorities had allowed him to stay here since he was detained over a broken tail light in 2011, but they changed course after President Donald Trump took office and made immigration enforcement a priority.
 



ARTICLE
MADISON, Wis. (AP) - The plan was too “gouda” to fail.
The Wisconsin Legislature agreed Tuesday to make cheese the official dairy product of the dairy-obsessed state, which produces more 3 billion pounds of cheese per year. That’s more than any other U.S. state.
The state’s official animal is the badger, also the mascot of the University of Wisconsin. But its official domestic animal is the dairy cow, and milk is the official state beverage.
The idea to give cheese its rightly place in state designations came from a fourth grade class in Mineral Point, a city in southwest Wisconsin that’s home to one of the state’s nearly 150 cheese plants.
The Senate approved the measure Tuesday. The bill previously cleared the state Assembly, and Republican Gov. Scott Walker is expected to sign it.
 



ARTICLE
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - Work in the Missouri Senate ground to a halt for the second consecutive day Tuesday as lawmakers face a deadline to send bills to Gov. Eric Greitens’ desk in less than two weeks.
Senators adjourned within minutes Tuesday after doing essentially nothing Monday. The session ends May 12, putting a time crunch on the Republican-led Legislature to push bills through to the Republican governor.
Assistant Majority Floor Leader Bob Onder said the Senate adjourned to give lawmakers time to work on the budget, which is due Friday.
The standstill on other bills follows threats from Sen. Rob Schaaf to block legislation until there’s debate on strengthening state ethics laws. He said on Monday he reached an agreement with colleagues to allow work to move forward on the budget.
Schaaf, a St. Joseph Republican, is renewing calls for more transparency in donations after a nonprofit pushing Greitens’ agenda launched attack ads against him.
Currently, donors to the nonprofit A New Missouri can remain secret. Schaaf wants to change that.
He appeared Monday to have the support of several other senators.
“The first thing that needs to happen is we need to take up the ethics bill and push for a dark money ban,” Schaaf told colleagues Monday on the Senate floor. “The people of Missouri want ethics reform, and they don’t like these games that are being played.”
Further complicating things is the absence of Senate Majority Leader Mike Kehoe, who went to his farm near Rolla over the weekend and was not able to return to Jefferson City because of flooding. Kehoe is sponsoring an ethics bill that would limit lobbyist gifts.
This isn’t the first time in recent years that work in the Senate has slowed to a crawl.
Democrats led a 37-hour filibuster last year - the longest continuous debate in recent Missouri history - in opposition to a proposal to create religious protections for those objecting to gay marriage. After Republicans used a rare procedural move to force a vote, Senate Democrats in response stalled action in the chamber for days.
The Missouri Legislature also came to a standstill the day before the end of the 2015 session after the former Republican House speaker announced his resignation amid a scandal and Senate Democrats blocked all debate because of lingering animosity over a bill limiting union powers.
–-
Associated Press writer David A. Lieb contributed to this report.
 



ARTICLE
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - The benefit currently available to those who install solar panels will be sharply curtailed in the coming years, under a bill backed by Indiana’s powerful utility companies that was signed into law by Gov. Eric Holcomb on Tuesday.
Driven by the plunging costs for sun-generated power, investor-owned utilities across the U.S. are looking to carve out a share of the market. But critics contend the new Indiana law is part of a broader nationwide push to muscle out smaller companies.
“Utilities absolutely understand there are benefits from putting solar on the grid, they just want to control it,” said Ryan Zaricki, president of the Evansville-based solar panel installation company, Whole Sun Designs. “It’s not an immediate death blow to our business, but next year is going to be much tougher.”
Solar power provides only about 1 percent of the country’s energy - and even less in Indiana. But the industry is growing rapidly and employed 260,077 workers nationwide, according to 2016 statistics from the Solar Foundation.
Signing the bill presented a dilemma for Holcomb, who has made economic growth fueled by technology and innovation a central theme of his administration. He waited until a deadline set by the state constitution to sign the new law.
“I support solar as an important part of Indiana’s comprehensive energy mix. I understand the concerns some have expressed, but this legislation ensures that those who currently have interests in small solar operations will not be affected for decades,” the Republican governor said in a statement.
Indiana’s investor-owned utility companies, who lobbied aggressively for the measure, say solar panel owners who feed excess power to the grid are currently compensated too generously. That rate of compensation, which usually comes as a credit on a power bill, will be drastically lowered for those who purchase solar panels in the coming years.
The roughly 1,000 people who currently have an alternative power source, like solar panels or a wind turbine, would be grandfathered in for 30 years, as would anyone who makes a purchase before the end of the year. But those who buy solar panels next year, or later, would receive the benefit for a limited time - or not at all.
That could make it difficult to recoup a costly solar panel investment, though improving technology may offset that affect and improving battery technology could make it easier for owners to store surplus energy.
“We are quite pleased that the bill was signed into law,” said Mark Maassel, president of the Indiana Energy Association, which represents utilities. “No, this does not grant the utilities any kind of control of the solar market. No, it doesn’t put the solar business out of business.”
Indeed, utilities across the U.S. are promoting an alternative to installing home solar panels called “community solar” that involves customers agreeing to buy or lease panels from the utilities on large panel farms.
Duke Energy Corp., the largest electricity company in the nation, this year plans to launch a “community solar” program in South Carolina and seeks regulatory permission to do so in North Carolina, Florida, Kentucky and Ohio, as well as Indiana, according to company officials.
But some question whether the new law in Indiana is needed.
State law already limited the number of people who were eligible, requiring utilities to extend the benefit to new customers only until about 1 percent of the utility’s energy came from an alternative energy source, such as solar. Thus far, most utilities are far away from meeting that threshold.
“When it comes to clean energy, Indiana is not a welcoming state for entrepreneurship and innovation,” said Jesse Kharbanda, executive director of the Hoosier Environmental Council.
 



ARTICLE
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) - An immigrant facing deportation to Guatemala has the support of Connecticut’s two U.S. senators, who are trying to prevent him from being sent back to a country he left 25 years ago amid threats to his family.
Luis Barrios, a married father of four U.S.-born children, is scheduled to board a flight from New York to Guatemala on Thursday morning. Immigration officials had allowed him to stay in the U.S. since his illegal status was flagged in a 2011 traffic stop over a broken tail light, but they changed course after President Donald Trump took office and made immigration enforcement a priority.
His lawyer and members of Connecticut’s congressional delegation are urging federal immigration officials to reverse the deportation order, and Barrios is seeking asylum. About 100 of his supporters rallied Tuesday outside the federal courthouse in Hartford, with 19 of them being charged with trespassing and disorderly conduct for blocking the courthouse entrance.
“Based on Mr. Barrios’s strong ties to the community, including four U.S. citizen children, his lack of an arrest record, and the credible threat of violence against him if he is forced to return to Guatemala, we believe prosecutorial discretion is warranted,” Democratic U.S. Sens. Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy wrote in a letter to Immigration and Custom Enforcement officials Monday.
U.S. Rep. Rosa DeLauro, also a Connecticut Democrat, wrote a similar letter to immigration and Justice Department officials last week, saying returning Barrios to Guatemala would be “immoral and unconscionable.”
ICE officials said in a statement that they are complying with a judge’s 1998 deportation order.
“In an exercise of discretion, ICE has allowed Mr. Barrios to remain free from custody while finalizing his departure plans,” the statement said. “The agency will continue to closely monitor his case to ensure his timely departure in compliance with the 1998 final order of removal.”
Barrios, 51, of Derby, works for a septic system cleaning and maintenance company. He and his wife have four children, ages 11 to 19.
“We’re not dangerous. We’re not criminals,” Barrios said Tuesday at his lawyer’s office, at times speaking through an interpreter. “We’re trying to show this is an injustice. I’ve tried to fix my situation, but they have denied me. If I failed at something, then I ask for forgiveness.”
Appeals of the deportation order remained pending Tuesday.
Barrios left Guatemala in 1992 amid threats to his family and illegally entered the U.S. His father was killed shortly afterward, and his brother was slain in 2004. His wife’s relatives also have been killed and kidnapped in Guatemala.
He said he applied for asylum in 1993 and it wasn’t until 1998 that he got a court date, but he didn’t receive notice of the hearing because he had moved. When he didn’t show for the hearing, a judge issued the deportation order.
His appeal was denied, but the case remained pending until 2011, when state police pulled him over for the tail light. State police notified ICE, which detained Barrios for five weeks before deciding not to enforce the deportation order.
Immigration officials stayed the deportation order each year. But ICE denied his stay request in March, put a GPS tracking device on him and ordered him to leave the country May 4.
“There were priorities set up in the last administration, priorities for removal and deportation,” said his lawyer, Erin O’Neil-Baker. “If you were here before 2014 and had no criminal record, you weren’t a priority. Now that line has been erased and everybody is grouped together.”
 



ARTICLE
President Trump’s new re-election ad faced pushback Tuesday from one of the networks targeted in the ad as “fake news.”
The television ad — paid for by Donald J. Trump for President, Inc. — hit airwaves Monday, touting the president’s record in his first 100 days in office.
The campaign-sponsored spot highlights Justice Neil Gorsuch’s confirmation, job growth and energy investment while also hitting the media with a still photo of various broadcast correspondents over which reads “Fake News.”
One of the featured media correspondents was CNN’s Wolf Blitzer. The network refused to air the ad because of the accusation, which they said was false. CNN asked that the graphic be removed and they would air it. The request was refused.
“President Trump’s loyal supporters know the truth: The mainstream media mislead, misguide, deceive and distract,” said campaign executive director Michael Glassner. “CNN epitomizes the meaning of fake news and has proven it by rejecting our paid campaign ad.”
The re-election campaign launched the $1.5 million ad to push back against criticism that Mr. Trump’s administration has been slow in its accomplishments.

 



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on Republican efforts in Congress to pass spending legislation and a health care bill (all times local):
10:25 p.m.
An influential Republican moderate who’d announced his opposition to the GOP health care bill says he’s working with party leaders on an amendment that could pick up crucial votes for the stalled measure.
Michigan GOPRep. Fred Upton says the proposal would provide $8 billion over five years to help people with pre-existing medical conditions pay premiums. Upton described the plan to The Associated Press.
Earlier Tuesday, Upton said he opposed the bill because states could get federal waivers to let insurers charge higher premiums to people with pre-existing illnesses who’d let their coverage lapse. The money in Upton’s plan would go to people in states that get those waivers.
Numerous Republican moderates are opposing the GOP bill because they say it would treat people with pre-existing conditions unfairly.
___
9:00 p.m.
The White House budget office says the Trump administration is pleased with the $1.1 trillion catchall spending bill and especially the additional money for the Pentagon and border security. The administration is now putting a positive spin on its comments about the spending measure,
But the White House also says it’s “concerned” that lawmakers ignored Trump’s request that the spending increases be accompanied by spending cuts elsewhere in the budget.
The statement arrived on the eve of a House vote on the measure. The White House spent much of the day lashing out against a Washington narrative that minority party Democrats outperformed the White House in the negotiations.
The White House statement called the bill’s $1.5 billion in border security money “a good first step” even though there’s no money for Trump’s controversial border wall. Aides say Trump will sign the bill.
5:30 p.m.
The Trump White House has made it official: The president will sign the $1.1 trillion catchall spending bill.
The White House budget office says in an official policy statement that the administration is pleased with additional money for the Pentagon and border security, though it’s “concerned” that lawmakers ignored Trump’s request that the spending increases be accompanied by spending cuts elsewhere in the budget.
The statement arrived on the eve of a House vote on the measure. The White House spent much of the day lashing out against a Washington narrative that minority party Democrats outperformed the White House in the negotiations.
The White House statement called the bill’s $1.5 billion in border security money “a good first step” even though there’s no money for Trump’s controversial border wall.
___
2:30 p.m.
Two of President Donald Trump’s top deputies are delivering a combative defense of the budget deal forged to keep the government funded through September.
They’re insisting that it represents a win for the administration.
That’s despite a host of concessions, including on money to construct Trump’s promised southern border wall and funding for cities that don’t cooperate with immigration authorities.
Budget Director Mick Mulvaney says the president is feeling “frustration over how he’s been treated” because Democrats have tried to spin the deal as a win for them.
He’s insisting that the bill will begin to fund Trump’s promised border wall.
Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly says he’s “shocked” by the behavior of lawmakers who are celebrating slowing down its construction.
__
1:25 p.m.
Top Senate Republicans are growing frustrated with President Donald Trump’s tweets and having to answer questions about them.
Trump tweeted on Tuesday that the government “needs a good shutdown” in September to fix a “mess” in the Senate in his displeasure with Democrats prevailing on a temporary spending bill. Leaving Washington whipsawed, Trump hours later praised the spending bill as a major accomplishment.
Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker, asked about the tweet, said: “I do wish somebody would take his iPhone away from him.”
Arizona Sen. John McCain, asked if there’s any appetite among senators for a government shutdown, said: “None that I’ve detected.”
On Trump’s latest Tweets, McCain said: “I wish he’d think twice before tweeting.”
_____
12:20 p.m.
President Donald Trump is touting the budget deal forged to fund the government through September, declaring: “This is what winning looks like.”
Despite concessions on issues like border wall funding, Trump says at a U.S. Air Force Academy Commander-in-Chief trophy presentation that, “our Republican team had its own victory - under the radar.”
He’s touting a “massive and badly needed” increase in military funding as well as additional money for border security. He’s claiming that will serve as “a down payment” on his promised southern border wall - even though the deal does not fund new construction.
He says the bill “is a clear win for the American people.”
Trump had complained earlier Tuesday about having to work with Democrats, tweeting that, “Our country needs a good ‘shutdown’ in September to fix mess!”
___
11:35 a.m.
Budget Director Mick Mulvaney is insisting the budget deal that will keep the government running until September is a win for the White House, despite complaints from President Trump.
Mulvaney is citing a $15 billion infusion of defense spending - about half of what Trump asked for in March - as a huge win for the White House, among other measures.
Mulvaney tells reporters in a conference call Tuesday morning that, “the truth of the matter here is that what happened is the American people won and the president negotiated that victory for them.”
Trump complained about the budget deal in a pair of tweets earlier Tuesday and called for a “good ‘shutdown’ in September to fix mess!”
Mulvaney say that he’s “not worried about September” right now.
__
11:15 a.m.
The Republican health care bill has been dealt a significant blow with a respected former House committee chairman saying he doesn’t support it.
Moderate Michigan Rep. Fred Upton is a 16-term House veteran who until this year chaired the chamber’s Energy and Commerce Committee. He’s saying Tuesday he can’t back the legislation because it undermines insurance protections that current law gives people with pre-existing illnesses.
The GOP bill would let states get federal permission for insurers to charge some people with pre-existing illnesses higher premiums. Currently, they must charge sick and health customers the same premiums.
House Republican leaders hope to push the health care bill through the House this week.
But they remain short of votes. Upton’s defection could make it easier for other moderates to vote no.
___
10:15 a.m.
House Republican leaders say they are close on garnering the votes to scrap major parts of Democrat Barack Obama’s health care law but that they are still short of the votes.
Rep. Daniel Webster of Florida said Tuesday that leadership told the GOP caucus: “‘We’re almost there.’” Webster said “that means they’re not there. We don’t have the votes but we’re almost there.”
Trump is pressuring the House to vote on the bill this week. Multiple GOP members said there is no indication on vote timing on health care.
Republicans were forced to pull the bill in March or face defeat. Changes to the bill have won over conservatives, but moderates are reluctant to back the measure.
___
10 a.m.
President Donald Trump says the nation “needs a good ‘shutdown’ in September” to fix a “mess” in the Senate.
The president says on Twitter that the country needs to “either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51 (percent),” suggesting more rules changes ahead in the Senate.
Senate Republicans recently triggered the “nuclear option” to eliminate the 60-vote filibuster threshold for Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch. That change allowed the Senate to hold a final vote to approve Gorsuch with a simple majority.
Trump’s tweets come ahead of expected votes this week on a bipartisan budget deal to avoid a government shutdown and a possible vote in the House on a health care overhaul.
 



ARTICLE
The Republican Party of Minnesota has condemned a meme that was posted on an official Facebook page calling Rep. Keith Ellison a “Muslim goat humper.”
Minnesota’s 7th Congressional District Republican Party posted the meme on its official Facebook page Monday night, claiming that Rep. Collin Peterson “has been sliding up to Minnesota’s Head Muslim Goat Humper, Keith Ellison. Heck, They’re now Hunting Buddies.”
It featured a photo of Mr. Ellison, the new deputy chair of the Democratic National Committee, dressed in camouflage holding a wild turkey he apparently had shot. The post was up for several hours Monday night before it was eventually deleted, the Star Tribune reported.
Jennifer Carnahan, the newly elected chair of the Minnesota Republican Party, issued a statement calling for the “immediate resignation” of the person responsible for the post, saying the party would not tolerate such behavior.
She later announced that the person had resigned.
Ms. Carnahan also issued an apology to Mr. Ellison on behalf of the Republican Party of Minnesota.
“The Facebook post is in no way reflective of the values of our party or the values of the Seventh Congressional District, and the swift manner in which it was handled and responded to demonstrates our zero tolerance policy for hate speech,” she said, the Star Tribune reported.
A new post by Minnesota’s 7th Congressional District Republican Party said it “deeply regrets” the incident and that the individual responsible no longer has access to the account.
Ken Martin, chairman of the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party, issued a statement Monday calling the post “racist” and “hate-filled.”
“Americans across the country have witnessed a disturbing increase in this type of threatening behavior and fear-mongering since the election of Donald Trump, and now it seems the Minnesota Republican Party is embracing it all too much,” he said.
Mr. Ellison on Tuesday tweeted thanks to Mr. Martin for “denouncing hate.”
 



ARTICLE
President Trump’s budget chief made a vigorous defense Tuesday of the $1 trillion spending deal, saying Democrats exaggerated their wins and the administration scored the biggest victory of all in avoiding a government shutdown.
“They wanted a shutdown,” said Mick Mulvaney, the budget director. “He beat them on that at the very, very highest level.”
The comment came less than an hour after Mr. Trump tweeted that a shutdown might be the best way to go in the next budget battle in September.
“Our country needs a good ‘shutdown’ in September to fix mess!” he tweeted.
Mr. Mulvaney said that he was talking about the current deal to fund the government for the next five months.
Right now I’m not worried about September,” he said.
The president’s tweet, he said, drove home the message that “Washington needs to be fixed.”
In the current budget deal, which is expect to pass Congress and get signed this week, Mr. Mulvaney said Democrats were pushing for a shutdown to show that Mr. Trump couldn’t govern.
“He completely destroyed that narrative by negotiating this deal,” Mr. Mulvaney said.
Mr. Trump and Capitol Hill Republicans have suffered blistering criticism for the deal that scored more money for the Pentagon, tacking it onto the deficit rather than offsetting it with domestic cuts, and gave into Democrats’ demands on a slew of issues.
Mr. Mulvaney said the Democrats’ claims of victory were overstated.
He pointed to the Democrats’ claim of winning $295 million to bail out Puerto Rico’s Medicaid program. That money was already in the budget, he said.
“That means no new money for Puerto Rico. No new bailout of Puerto Rico,” he said.
 



ARTICLE
A political action committee that enthusiastically endorsed then-candidate Donald Trump in the election revoked its backing Tuesday, saying he has “caved” on most of the big promises he made on immigration.
Americans for Legal Immigration PAC said Mr. Trump has yet to cancel former President Barack Obama’s 2012 deportation amnesty for Dreamers, has set the level of refugees too high and has sent signals through staff that he may eventually be open to legalizing most illegal immigrants.
“We were so hopeful that Donald Trump would be a man of his word because the campaign promises he made to Americans were the things America needs to do to survive and thrive, but, unfortunately, Trump has made it clear he cannot be trusted on his most powerful campaign issue of stopping illegal immigration and amnesty,” said William Gheen, the PAC’s president.
The group had endorsed Mr. Trump early in the primary process last year, giving him support in February, when the field was still crowded.
Mr. Trump energized a part of the American electorate that wants to see a crackdown on illegal immigration but which had struggled to find a home in either of the two major political parties.
Democrats have focused more on legalizing illegal immigrants, while Republicans traditionally have focused on bringing in foreign workers to meet businesses’ needs.
The new spending bill on Capitol Hill this week paves the way for the government to more than double the number of seasonal foreign workers.
And Mr. Trump has yet to revoke the 2012 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, policy that Mr. Obama wrote to grant tentative legal status to more than 750,000 illegal immigrant young adults.
That was the final straw for Mr. Gheen and his group.
“Trump promised to end DACA on his first day with a simple memo canceling Obama’s illegal directives. This was the most important thing Trump could have done to restore constitutional governance in America, but instead he is choosing the path of dictatorship Obama did,” Mr. Gheen said.
 



ARTICLE
The Republican Party of Minnesota has condemned a meme that was posted on an official Facebook page calling Rep. Keith Ellison a “Muslim goat humper.”
Minnesota’s 7th Congressional District Republican Party posted the meme on its official Facebook page Monday night, claiming that Rep. Collin Peterson “has been sliding up to Minnesota’s Head Muslim Goat Humper, Keith Ellison. Heck, They’re now Hunting Buddies.”
It featured a photo of Mr. Ellison, the new deputy chair of the Democratic National Committee, dressed in camouflage holding a wild turkey he apparently had shot. The post was up for several hours Monday night before it was eventually deleted, the Star Tribune reported.
Jennifer Carnahan, the newly elected chair of the Minnesota Republican Party, issued a statement calling for the “immediate resignation” of the person responsible for the post, saying the party would not tolerate such behavior.
She later announced that the person had resigned.
Ms. Carnahan also issued an apology to Mr. Ellison on behalf of the Republican Party of Minnesota.
“The Facebook post is in no way reflective of the values of our party or the values of the Seventh Congressional District, and the swift manner in which it was handled and responded to demonstrates our zero tolerance policy for hate speech,” she said, the Star Tribune reported.
A new post by Minnesota’s 7th Congressional District Republican Party said it “deeply regrets” the incident and that the individual responsible no longer has access to the account.
Ken Martin, chairman of the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party, issued a statement Monday calling the post “racist” and “hate-filled.”
“Americans across the country have witnessed a disturbing increase in this type of threatening behavior and fear-mongering since the election of Donald Trump, and now it seems the Minnesota Republican Party is embracing it all too much,” he said.
Mr. Ellison on Tuesday tweeted thanks to Mr. Martin for “denouncing hate.”
 



ARTICLE
President Trump’s budget chief made a vigorous defense Tuesday of the $1 trillion spending deal, saying Democrats exaggerated their wins and the administration scored the biggest victory of all in avoiding a government shutdown.
“They wanted a shutdown,” said Mick Mulvaney, the budget director. “He beat them on that at the very, very highest level.”
The comment came less than an hour after Mr. Trump tweeted that a shutdown might be the best way to go in the next budget battle in September.
“Our country needs a good ‘shutdown’ in September to fix mess!” he tweeted.
Mr. Mulvaney said that he was talking about the current deal to fund the government for the next five months.
Right now I’m not worried about September,” he said.
The president’s tweet, he said, drove home the message that “Washington needs to be fixed.”
In the current budget deal, which is expect to pass Congress and get signed this week, Mr. Mulvaney said Democrats were pushing for a shutdown to show that Mr. Trump couldn’t govern.
“He completely destroyed that narrative by negotiating this deal,” Mr. Mulvaney said.
Mr. Trump and Capitol Hill Republicans have suffered blistering criticism for the deal that scored more money for the Pentagon, tacking it onto the deficit rather than offsetting it with domestic cuts, and gave into Democrats’ demands on a slew of issues.
Mr. Mulvaney said the Democrats’ claims of victory were overstated.
He pointed to the Democrats’ claim of winning $295 million to bail out Puerto Rico’s Medicaid program. That money was already in the budget, he said.
“That means no new money for Puerto Rico. No new bailout of Puerto Rico,” he said.
 



ARTICLE
A prominent Republican withdrew his support of the House GOP’s latest Obamacare repeal Tuesday, dealing another setback as Speaker Paul D. Ryan tries to wrangle votes for a do-over this week.
Rep. Fred Upton, Michigan Republican, said he wasn’t comfortable with recent changes to the bill that would let states waive rules requiring insurers to charge sick people the same amount as healthy ones.
It was a major blow, given that Mr. Upton, as former head of a key committee, served as one of the point-men for GOP repeal efforts from 2011 through last year.
“I’m not at all comfortable with removing that protection. I’ve supported the practice of not allowing pre-existing illnesses from being discriminated against from the very get-go,” he told WHTC Radio in Michigan. “This amendment torpedoes that. And I told leadership I cannot support this bill with this provision in it.”
His defection hit one day after a conservative lawmaker — Rep. Billy Long of Missouri — said he could not vote for the bill because it “strips away any guarantee that pre-existing conditions would be covered and affordable.”
Mr. Ryan and his chief aides on Tuesday insisted pre-existing conditions are still covered and said their bill would make plans even more affordable for sicker Americans than Obamacare.
Still, their struggles to cobble together a majority were hurting chances they will be able to vote this week, ahead of a weeklong vacation that begins Friday.
“I think if we can’t get there by Thursday of this week, then we need to look at other ways to get to 218 votes,” said Rep. Mark Meadows, North Carolina Republican. Mr. Meadows helped negotiate the current bill, swaying wavering conservatives.
The changes would allow states opt out of parts of Obamacare requiring insurers to cover “essential” benefits such as maternity and mental health care or prescription drugs. States also can let insurers charge healthy consumers less than sicker ones, so long as states set up risk pools to subsidize those priced out of the market.
Leaders said they would replace Obamacare’s wobbly market with one that makes insurance affordable for everyone, since a variety of federal funding streams would backstop the cost of health care for people with pre-existing medical conditions.
“Our bill protects people with preexisting conditions and it actually provides multiple layers of protection for people with preexisting conditions in ways that Obamacare doesn’t do,” said Majority Whip Steve Scalise, Louisiana Republican.
Leaders cannot afford to lose more than 22 GOP votes in the face of blanket Democrat opposition to a plan that guts President Obama’s 2010 health law. Yet, roughly 20 House Republicans have said they oppose the bill, and nearly a dozen more are skeptical or leaning “no,” according to informal whip counts by various media outlets.
“I don’t think they have the votes. I think we’re gonna win,” said House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer, Maryland Democrat.
The House passed a procedural rule on Tuesday, known in Capitol-speak as “martial law,” that will allow leaders to bring the measure to the floor swiftly if they get the votes.
Rep. Paul Gosar, Arizona Republican and member of the conservative Freedom Caucus, said he flipped to “yes” after the administration assured a Senate vote on his bill to apply federal antitrust laws to health insurance.
Rep. Tom MacArthur, New Jersey Republican and a former insurance executive who negotiated the current deal with Mr. Meadows, said holdouts should realize that sicker Americans would get insured “like everyone else” under his plan.
“Their expenses get paid out of a different bucket,” he said. “And that allows them to have coverage, without driving everyone else’s premiums up.”
The GOP bill offers $115 billion in federal “stability” funding over 10 years for the high-risk pools and an additional $15 billion for a risk-sharing mechanism to pay for sicker consumers who could be priced out of the market.
A battery of patient and health care groups, including the American Medical Association, said in recent days that risk pools are often underfunded and wouldn’t work now, leaving Americans worse off.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said Republicans shouldn’t hold a vote until the Congressional Budget Office is able to evaluate the latest bill.
The CBO’s previous evaluation showed the GOP bill, before the new changes, would have resulted in 24 million fewer people with health insurance a decade from now.
⦁ David Sherfinski contributed to this report.
 



ARTICLE
House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady on Tuesday said he’d “love” to attract Democratic support for tax reform.
“I’d love to have Democrat support for tax reform,” Mr. Brady, Texas Republican, told reporters. “I think they bring some very good ideas to the table.”
“We’ve asked them to sort of set the best time for us to engage in follow-up meetings, or roundtables, whether it’s with centrist Dems or Ways and Means Democrats,” he said.
“So we’ll wait to hear back from them on how best do we continue the conversation,” Mr. Brady said. “I’m eager to have the conversation.”
Republicans on the Ways and Means committee recently wrapped up a two-day retreat on the issue.
“I’d love to see bipartisan support on this,” Mr. Brady said. “And using reconciliation doesn’t preclude Democrat and bipartisan support for this.”
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said that he doesn’t expect to have any Democratic involvement on the issue and that Republicans will likely have to use reconciliation, a fast-track process that would allow them to pass legislation with a simple majority in the Senate.
House Democratic Caucus Chairman Joseph Crowley said earlier Tuesday that there hasn’t been much contact between the two parties on the issue thus far.
Mr. Crowley, a member of the Ways and Means Committee, said Democrats did meet about two weeks ago with Mr. Brady and Rep. Peter Roskam, Illinois Republican and a committee member, to talk about the issue.
“I won’t pretend or try to speak on behalf of the chairman of the committee, but as it was laid out … the goal was 20 percent for the corporate rate, that they would use reconciliation,” Mr. Crowley, New York Democrat, said on C-SPAN’S “Washington Journal.” “Which would mean … they’re not looking for any support of Democrats in the Senate.”
He said issues discussed also included using dynamic scoring, where anticipated consumer and market reactions are factored into budget scores, and the border adjustment tax on imports.
“So it was … not really in line with what Democrats have been talking about,” he said.
Mr. Crowley said he could envision getting to a 28 percent corporate tax rate, which would still be down from the current 35 percent.
“Getting there is the difficulty,” he said. “Getting to 25 percent is difficult. Getting to 20 percent, we think, is nearly impossible. And getting to 15 percent is impossible…unless you don’t pay for it, and I think that’s what the plan of the president is.”
 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump tweeted Tuesday that perhaps a future government shutdown would be good for the country.
Mr. Trumptweeted, “The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We…” he continued, “either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good ‘shutdown’ in September to fix mess!”
The president was reacting to the less-than-enthusiastic reaction from Republicans over the bipartisan spending bill congressional leaders reached this week. The deal does not strip funding for Planned Parenthood and sanctuary cities, which many Republicans are not pleased with. It does, however, include increased funding for immigration enforcement.
Democrats emerged from the talks to say they couldn’t think of a major single area where they lost in the negotiations — and said Mr. Trump was reckless with his call for a shutdown showdown.
“This deal is exactly how Washington should work when it is bipartisan,” said Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer, New York Democrat. “Both parties negotiated and came to agreement.”
He said Mr. Trump’s call for a shutdown was “destructive.”
 



ARTICLE
House Speaker Paul D. Ryan delivered a fierce defense of Republicans’ spending bill Tuesday, saying that it marks a major increase in defense spending, calling it “a game-changer,” and saying that outweighs the other fights the GOP retreated on.
Mr. Ryan, a former budget committee chairman, said the GOP could claim victory by increasing the Pentagon’s money without also having a dollar-for-dollar spike in education, health and other basic government spending.
He said that’s a major break from the Obama years, when Democrats insisted that every defense increase be matched with domestic increases.
“No longer are the needs of our military going to be held hostage to domestic spending,” Mr. Ryan said. “We broke this parity and we think it’s a really important step in the right direction.”
President Trump tweeted Tuesday that perhaps a future government shutdown would be good for the country.
Mr. Trump tweeted, “The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We…” he continued, “either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good “shutdown” in September to fix mess!”
The president was reacting to the less-than-enthusiastic reaction from Republicans over the $1 trillion spending bill, which does not strip funding for Planned Parenthood and sanctuary cities, and does boost spending for a number of Democrats’ own domestic  priorities, including college aid for poor students and medical research  at the National Institutes of Health.
The bill also preserves the budget at  the Environmental Protection Agency. It does, however, include increased funding for immigration enforcement.
Democrats emerged from the talks to say they couldn’t think of a major single area where they lost in the negotiations — and said Mr. Trump was reckless with his call for a shutdown showdown.
“This deal is exactly how Washington should work when it is bipartisan,” said Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer, New York Democrat. “Both parties negotiated and came to agreement.”
He said Mr. Trump’s call for a shutdown was “destructive.”
 



ARTICLE
Small Business Administration chief Linda McMahon said Tuesday that President Trump’s scaling back of regulations has resulted in renewed optimism in the business sector.
“I think the immediate relief in terms of my talking to small businesses around the country is regulatory reform,” she said on CNBC. “It’s not necessarily any particular reform or any particular regulation, it’s just the stacks and piles of regulations that they have to comply with.”
Ms. McMahon also said that the new tax plan will be an added relief for small businesses, though it won’t be as immediate.
 



ARTICLE
Maine Sen. Angus King said Tuesday he would not even consider voting on the Republicans’ revised health insurance without a score from the Congressional Budget Office.
“If I’m a House member from even a marginally competitive district, I’m not sure I want to make potentially a career-ending vote on something the Congressional Budget Office hasn’t even looked at yet,” Mr. King said on CNN. “I mean, that first bill was a disaster and I haven’t seen much that would improve it.”
He added, “I would never vote this bill without it getting a score.”
The Maine independent also said that his state’s health care system is not a model that the country can use because the proposed health care budget would not be able to cover everything Maine’s system offers.
“If you take the Maine plan and scale it up nationally, it would be something like $4-5 billion a year,” he said. “They’re proposing $15 billion over nine years. It’s almost two-thirds below what would be adequate to do it even if you were replicating the Maine plan.”
House Republicans are still facing criticism of their health care plan for failing to protect those with pre-existing conditions, which they say will be addressed once it’s passed on to the Senate.
 



ARTICLE
BERLIN (AP) - Germany’s defense minister canceled a trip to the United States Tuesday amid a widening government probe of a possible far-right cell with ties to the German army.
Authorities last week arrested 28-year-old army lieutenant Franco A., who managed to register as a Syrian asylum-seeker without being detected, on suspicion of preparing an act of violence. His last name wasn’t given in line with privacy regulations.
Investigators have said the officer may have planned to blame a possible future attack on foreigners, and the RND media group reported Tuesday that defense officials believe he was part of a small far-right group of around five people.
Federal prosecutors have now taken over the case - a sign that investigators may be considering more serious charges against the suspect and possible accomplices.
Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen has been critical of military leadership, and canceled her Wednesday trip to New York and Washington to better focus on the investigation surrounding the case, the dpa news agency reported.
Investigators are trying to determine how A., who was stationed in France and spoke no Arabic, managed to dupe German authorities into believing he was a Syrian refugee, and be given a place in a refugee home and financial aid.
Officials say the officer registered in the state of Hesse at the end of 2015 and had been living “sporadically” at a home for asylum-seekers since January 2016.
He came to the attention of authorities after allegedly stashing a pistol in a Vienna airport bathroom and being caught when he went to retrieve it in February.
He was freed but Austrian authorities informed Germany, and a fingerprint match showed he’d registered as a refugee, prompting a wider investigation.
A 24-year-old student from the soldier’s hometown of Offenbach has also been arrested in the case.
 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump tweeted Tuesday that perhaps a future government shutdown would be good for the country.
Mr. Trump tweeted: “The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We…” he continued, “either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good “shutdown” in September to fix mess!”
The president was reacting to the less-than-enthusiastic reaction from Republicans over the bipartisan spending bill congressional leaders reached this week.
The deal includes funding for Planned Parenthood and sanctuary cities, which many Republicans are not pleased with. It does, however, include increased funding for border security, something Republicans requested.
 



ARTICLE
Sen. John McCain called President Trump’s praise of dictators around the world “disturbing” on Tuesday.
“It’s very distributing. It’s disturbing because we’re proud Republicans, and we stand for human rights,” Mr. McCain told MSNBC.
The Arizona Republican said he is still supportive of Mr. Trump’s military and foreign policy decisions and has confidence in the team of national security advisers, despite the president’s recent comments.
“When the president does his job such as the cruise missile strike, such as selecting a national security team that is the strongest that I’ve seen, such as many of the actual actions he has taken, I will be strongly supportive,” Mr. McCain said.
But he did add that he wished Mr. Trump would be more “careful” with what he says about leaders like North Korea’s Kim Jong-un and Russian President Vladimir Putin.
“I wish the president would consider much more carefully his comments,” Mr. McCain said.
 



ARTICLE
Rep. Tim Ryan said Tuesday that the Democrats’ strategy of the last eight years is not working.
“Clearly we have not done well in the last eight years. We got completely wiped out with our state legislators, the Congress, the Senate and obviously the presidency,” the Ohio Democrat said on Fox News.
Mr. Ryan said the Democratic Party’s problem in 2016 was doubling down on the base and not being concerned with “persuasion” of undecided voters.
“Our House and Senate leadership are the leaders technically of the party, but I think that’s yet to be determined,” he said, regarding the Democratic Party’s leadership. “We’ve got a lot of voices out there right now.”
Mr. Ryan challenged House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi to her position last year after prompting from those who felt her leadership cost the party the presidency and kept them in the minority in Congress. Mr. Ryan lost his challenge by a wide margin.
 



ARTICLE
Rep. Jim Himes dismissed the idea of running for governor on Tuesday.
“I’m feeling like I’ve got a reasonably good day job, and I’m not looking to get another one,” Mr. Himes, Connecticut Democrat, said on MSNBC,
“It’s way too early for that,” he said. “I’m not thinking about it.”
Mr. Himes is seen as a moderate Democrat who has said the party needs to be more open to candidates who fit their states’ values, even if they are not the most progressive of the Democratic Party.
The state’s current Gov. Dannel Malloy announced last month he will not run for another term.
 



ARTICLE
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) - A Kansas City, Missouri, woman has been ordered to spend two years in federal prison for marrying a Kenyan man so he could stay in the United States.
Forty-four-year-old Traci Porter was sentenced Monday in Kansas City. That’s where she pleaded guilty in January to charges that she participated in a conspiracy to help African nationals circumvent immigration laws through fraudulent marriages.
Five other defendants have pleaded guilty and await sentencing as part of the plot, which involved dozens of fraudulent weddings. The African nationals paid as much as $2,000 for them.
Prosecutors say Porter married a man from Kenya in 2008, but officials later determined that the man still had another wife. Porter and the man later remarried, and he was granted permanent resident status in the U.S.
 



ARTICLE
MADISON, Wis. (AP) - It’s a bill too gouda not to pass.
The Wisconsin Legislature is set to give final approval Tuesday to a measure making cheese the official state dairy product. It previously passed the Assembly and is up for a final vote in the Senate.
A fourth grade class in Mineral Point lobbied lawmakers to recognize cheese as a state symbol. Once the bill is signed by Gov. Scott Walker, cheese will join a long list of honorary designees.
Others include the badger as the official animal, of course, and corn as the official grain. The dairy cow is the official domestic animal while Kringle is the state pastry and milk is the state beverage.
Wisconsin produces the most cheese in the country at 11 billion pounds per year.
 



ARTICLE
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) - The mayor of Portland, Oregon, on Tuesday condemned the actions of protesters after more than two dozen people were arrested a day earlier during a May Day march that turned violent.
The violence and vandalism in Portland and several other Pacific Northwest cities stood out amid largely peaceful marches elsewhere in the U.S. to honor immigrants and support workers’ rights.
With piles of charred debris on street corners, Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler denounced the actions of a small group of protesters the night before and praised police for a “tremendous job under very dangerous circumstances.”
“In Portland, we respect peaceful protest, but we cannot and do not support acts of violence and vandalism. That’s not political speech,” Wheeler said. “That’s a crime.”
More than 100 police officers clad in body armor and gas masks shut down a march they said had become a riot late Monday and arrested people on charges ranging from disorderly conduct to arson and assault.
Some protesters dressed in black vandalized a police car, set fires in intersections, threw smoke bombs and flares and broke windows at a courthouse, City Hall and downtown businesses.
Protesters tossed at least one Molotov cocktail that landed on a sidewalk and didn’t hit anyone, Portland police Sgt. Pete Simpson said, citing TV footage the department had reviewed.
Protests also turned violent in Olympia, Washington, where police say about 50 black-clad demonstrators used sling shots to fire marbles at officers and threw rocks and cans. Two officers suffered minor injuries. Nine people were arrested and several businesses in Washington’s capital city damaged.
In Seattle, five people were arrested after a smaller demonstration than in past years.
The demonstrations on May Day, celebrated as International Workers’ Day, followed similar actions worldwide. The widespread protests in the United States were aimed at the new Republican president, who has followed anti-immigrant rhetoric on the campaign trail with aggressive action in the White House.
Marches in other U.S. cities from Washington, D.C., to Miami and Los Angeles were crowded but peaceful.
“It is sad to see that now being an immigrant is equivalent to almost being a criminal,” said Mary Quezada, a 58-year-old North Carolina woman who joined those marching on Washington.
She offered a pointed message to Trump: “Stop bullying immigrants.”
In Portland, the violence broke out about 90 minutes into the march after a peaceful rally targeting everything from Trump’s environmental policies to the city’s homeless problems.
Some who did not participate in the vandalism said they felt police made the situation worse with an overbearing presence that put pressure on the marchers at the back of the crowd.
Portland has a reputation in the U.S. of being a hotbed of activism and anti-establishment protest, so much so that aides to former President George H.W. Bush nicknamed it “Little Beirut” for the protests that erupted there every time he visited.”
___
AP writers Lisa Baumann and Martha Bellisle in Seattle and Lisa Adams in Charlotte, North Carolina, contributed to this report.
 



ARTICLE
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) - Innkeepers, restaurateurs and landscapers around the U.S. say they are struggling to find seasonal help and turning down business in some cases because the government tightened up on visas for temporary foreign workers.
“There’s going to be a lot of businesses that just can’t function on a full-time basis, and some might not even open at all,” said Mac Hay, who co-owns Mac’s Seafood on Cape Cod and has organized seasonal businesses to lobby Congress.
At issue are H-2B temporary visas, which are issued for workers holding down seasonal, nonagricultural jobs.
The U.S. caps the number at 66,000 per fiscal year. Some workers return year after year, and Congress has let them do so in the past without being counted toward the limit. No such exception was passed for 2017 at the end of last year, after the presidential election.
Lawmakers on Monday unveiled a government spending bill that would allow the homeland security secretary to increase the number of H-2B visas this fiscal year to almost 130,000.
But there is concern that even if the measure passes, it will take weeks for visas to be processed, meaning many workers probably won’t arrive in time for Memorial Day and maybe not until after the Fourth of July.
Many resorts rely heavily on foreigners on H-2B visas to work as housekeepers, cooks, dishwashers and the like, saying they cannot find enough Americans willing to take such jobs. President Donald Trump himself has hired seasonal workers at his Mar-a-Lago resort in this way.
Each visa typically costs at least $1,000 in government fees, travel and other expenses, paid by employers.
At the Beachmere Inn in Ogunquit, Maine, owner Sarah Mace Diment said she cut back on the number of rooms available during New England’s spring vacation week in April because she is short eight housekeepers, who are paid $10 to $12.50 an hour. None of her visa requests were granted, she said.
Critics say that bringing in cheap foreign labor undercuts U.S. workers and drives down wages and that employers aren’t trying hard enough to hire Americans. Under the H-2B rules, employers must advertise for U.S. workers first.
Diment said she hires housekeepers from Jamaica because there aren’t enough people in rural, southern Maine looking for seasonal work. Maine is at its lowest unemployment on record, 3 percent. She has hired U.S. college students, but they go back to school in August, well before the season ends in October.
“I’m always going to hire an American first. I’m always going to hire someone locally first,” Diment said. “We’re not using this program because it’s easy. It’s not. It’s very difficult and expensive, but we’re using it because we have no other options.”
Landscapers are the biggest users of the H-2B program. Stephen Faulkner, who owns a landscaping and nursery business in Hooksett, New Hampshire, said he expects to turn away hundreds of thousands of dollars’ worth of work this season because he could not get visas for any of the six Mexican landscapers who have been with him for a decade.
He said he is considering giving up the landscape division.
“My company is being devastated by not having my returning workers,” he said. “I’m running out of energy and fortitude, and American jobs might be lost because of it.”
The AFL-CIO says the H-2B program enables discrimination and exploitation of workers and hurts efforts to raise wages and improve working conditions. And U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders has questioned whether willing Americans truly are unavailable for these jobs.
“We supposedly live in a supply-and-demand economy, and if employers can’t find workers to fill their jobs, they might want to raise wages,” the Vermont independent recently told The Burlington Free Press.
Joseph Lieghio and his family operate hotels and restaurants in Mackinaw City, Michigan. Lieghio said he doubts he could attract Americans even if he doubled the $10-to-$11-an-hour wage for dishwashers, short-order cooks and front desk staff.
“If they breathe and walk in the door, we give them a job,” he said. “There’s no one here.”
He said about 130 of his visa requests were granted and 80 were not. He is cutting hours at his restaurants, raising prices and postponing the opening of a new restaurant, he said.
Novelette Barnes-Chin began leaving Jamaica for seasonal work in the U.S. at 32. Now 50, she said she is praying she will be able to work at the Beachmere Inn for at least part of the season.
“In Jamaica we would say that’s our breadbasket. That’s what we look forward to every year, to go work, save and buy our food, buy our clothes and supplies,” she said. “I feel really, really heartbroken right now, really sad.”
 



ARTICLE
PHOENIX (AP) - Gov. Doug Ducey has signed legislation that block state and local governments from requiring background checks on private gun sales.
Ducey signed the measure barring municipalities from closing the so-called “gun show loophole” Monday.
Senate Bill 1122 prevents governments from requiring a third party or the use of background checks in the “private sale, gift, donation or other transfer of personal property.”
Supporters of Republican Sen. Gail Griffin’s proposal say it protects Arizonans’ sale or gifting of personal property regardless of the item.
Opponents think the legislation’s lack of requirement to check federal or state databases could allow criminals or abusers to obtain guns. They also criticize the measure for being vague and unclear.
 



ARTICLE
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Latest on a May Day march on the Las Vegas Strip organized by unions (all times local):
7:15 p.m.
Immigration was the focus for several thousand union members and activists marching in the shadow of some of the biggest resorts on the Las Vegas Strip during a May Day event organized to push back against Trump administration policies.
The loud and colorful demonstration Monday on Las Vegas Boulevard tourists drew stares from tourists from Chicago and Boston and California , and remained peaceful through a rally at a vacant lot on Flamingo Road just west of the main tourist corridor.
Led by the locally powerful Culinary Union, hotel workers ending their shifts carried signs including “No Wall” and chanted slogans of solidarity.
The union says more than half of its 57,000 hotel and restaurant workers are women and Hispanic, and many are fearful of Trump administration efforts to deport people who are in the country illegally.
1:30 p.m.
Organizers and police expect several thousand union members and immigration policy activists to take part in a May Day march on the Las Vegas Strip.
Culinary Union spokeswoman Bethany Kahn says the Monday evening demonstration is expected to gather hotel workers ending their work day at Las Vegas Boulevard resorts for a walk across an Interstate 15 overpass to a rally at a vacant lot near the Palms hotel-casino.
Kahn says 5,000 or more people could take part, and the message will be heavily pro-immigrant.
Nevada state transportation officials plan to close part of Flamingo Road for as many as 7,000 marchers.
The march is slated to start at Spring Mountain Road, pass in front of Venetian, Palazzo, Treasure Island and Caesars Palace resorts and turn west on Flamingo Road.
 



