ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Laying bare deep and dangerous divisions on Syria and other issues, President Donald Trump declared that U.S. relations with Russia “may be at an all-time low.” His top diplomat offered a similarly grim assessment from the other side of the globe after meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow.
“Right now we’re not getting along with Russia at all,” Trump said flatly during a White House news conference Wednesday. It was stark evidence that the president is moving ever further from his campaign promises to establish better ties with Moscow.
Only weeks ago, it appeared that Trump, who praised Putin throughout the U.S. election campaign, was poised for a potentially historic rapprochement with Russia. But any such expectations have crashed into reality amid the nasty back-and-forth over Syria and ongoing U.S. investigations into Russia’s alleged interference in America’s U.S. presidential election.
“It’d be a fantastic thing if we got along with Putin and if we got along with Russia,” Trump said. But he clearly wasn’t counting on it.
“That could happen, and it may not happen,” he said. “It may be just the opposite.”
Not long before Trump spoke in Washington, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson struck a similar tone after an almost two-hour meeting with Putin, saying the two countries had reached a “low point” in relations.
Trump, who last week ordered airstrikes on a Syrian air base in retaliation for a chemical weapons attack, was asked Wednesday if Syria could have launched the attack without Russia’s knowledge. Trump said it was “certainly possible” though “probably unlikely.”
The newly hardened view of Moscow comes as the president has tried to shake suspicions about the motives behind his campaign calls for warmer relations. As the FBI and multiple congressional committees investigate possible collusion between Russia and Trump’s campaign, the president and his aides can now point to his hard-line stance on Syrian President Bashar Assad as evidence he’s willing to stand up to Putin.
More than 80 people were killed in what the U.S. has described as a nerve gas attack that Assad’s forces undoubtedly carried out. Russia says rebels were responsible for whatever chemical agent was used, which the Trump administration calls a disinformation campaign.
Not long before Trump spoke, Russia vetoed a Western-backed U.N. resolution that would have condemned the chemical weapons attack and demanded a speedy investigation.
The dim view of U.S.-Russian ties from both Trump and Tillerson reflected the former Cold War foes’ inability to forge better relations, as Trump until recently has advocated.
Allegations of collusion between Russian officials and Trump campaign associates also have weakened Trump’s ability to make concessions to Russia on any issue, lest he be accused of rewarding bad behavior. Russia wants the U.S. to eliminate sanctions on Moscow related to its 2014 annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region and support for pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine.
Until the chemical attack, the Trump administration had sought to step back from the U.S. position that Assad should leave power. But Tillerson repeated the administration’s new belief that “the reign of the Assad family is coming to an end.”
Beyond Syria, Russia’s alleged meddling in the U.S. presidential election also hovered over what was the first face-to-face encounter between Putin and any Trump administration Cabinet member.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov blasted U.S. claims that it has “irrefutable evidence” of election interference.
“We have not seen a single fact, or even a hint of facts,” he said. “I do not know who saw them. No one showed us anything, no one said anything, although we repeatedly asked to produce the details on which these unfounded accusations lie.”
He also rejected American claims of certain evidence that Assad ordered the chemical attack.
Still, Tillerson sought to stress the positives from his meetings. He said working groups would be established to improve U.S.-Russian ties and identify problems. He said the two sides would also discuss disagreements on Syria and how to end the country’s six-year civil war.
But such hopes appeared optimistic as the diplomats outlined their sharply diverging views on Syria. Tillerson said Syria’s government had committed more than 50 attacks using chlorine or other chemical weapons over the duration of the conflict. And he suggested that possible war crimes charges could be levied against the Syrian leader. Russia has never publicly acknowledged any such attacks by Assad’s forces and has tried for the past 18 months to help him expand his authority in Syria.
The civil war is separate from the U.S.-led effort against the Islamic State group in the north of the country.
While the most immediate U.S.-Russian dispute concerns culpability for the chemical weapons, broader disagreements over everything from Ukraine to Russia’s support for once-fringe candidates in European elections are among other sore points.
Tillerson was greeted frostily in the Russian capital as Lavrov began their meeting Wednesday by demanding to know America’s “real intentions.”
“We have seen very alarming actions recently with an unlawful attack against Syria,” Lavrov said, referring to the 59 Tomahawk missiles Trump launched at an air base to punish Assad for using chemical weapons. “We consider it of utmost importance to prevent the risks of replay of similar action in the future.”
Trump and others have indeed threatened similar action. But in a Fox Business Network interview, the U.S. president said he wouldn’t intervene militarily against Assad unless the Syrian leader resorts to using weapons of mass destruction again. “Are we going to get involved with Syria? No,” Trump said. But, he added, “I see them using gas ... we have to do something.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump likes to boast that he hires only the best people. But his personnel choices keep coming back to haunt him.
One of the people Trump hired for the White House was working as a foreign agent while advising him during the election. His campaign chairman caught the Justice Department’s attention for similarly surreptitious work. And a third campaign adviser was reportedly surveilled by the FBI as part of an investigation into whether or not he was a Russian spy.
The tales of Michael Flynn, Paul Manafort and Carter Page — none of whom still work for Trump — have created a steady drip of allegations that have clouded Trump’s early presidency and raised persistent questions about his judgment.
At worst, Trump’s personnel picks appear to have left his campaign — and perhaps his White House — vulnerable to the influence of foreign powers. At best, they expose the long-term implications of his understaffed and inexperienced campaign organization and undermine his promises to surround himself with top-notch talent.
“Vetting new hires is standard procedure for presidential campaigns for exactly this reason,” said Alex Conant, who advised Sen. Marco Rubio’s 2016 presidential campaign. “Every employee is also a potential liability on a presidential campaign.”
Manafort, Flynn and Page have indeed become political liabilities for Trump that he can’t shake in the White House. All three are being scrutinized as part of the FBI and congressional investigations into whether Trump associates helped Russia meddle in the 2016 election. The president has denied any nefarious ties to Russia and says he has no knowledge that his advisers were working with Moscow during the election.
The president’s culpability appears greatest with Flynn, a retired U.S. Army lieutenant general who traveled with Trump frequently during the campaign and was tapped as national security adviser after the election. Flynn had been lobbying for a company with ties to Turkey during the 2016 election and even wrote an editorial on behalf of his client that was published on Election Day.
“No one expects them to do the equivalent of an FBI background check, but a simple Google search could have solved a lot of these problems,” Dan Pfeiffer, who served as senior adviser to President Barack Obama, said of Trump’s team.
After Trump’s victory, Flynn’s lawyers alerted the transition team that he may have to register as a lobbying for a foreign entity, according to a person with knowledge of those discussions. The White House hired him anyway. After the inauguration, Flynn’s lawyers told the White House counsel’s office that the national security adviser would indeed have to move forward with that filing.
Flynn was fired in February after the White House said he misled Vice President Mike Pence and other top officials about his conversations with Russia’s ambassador to the United States.
Lobbying for foreign interests is legal and lucrative. Both Republican and Democratic operatives offer their services to overseas clients. But the Justice Department requires Americans working on behalf of foreign interests to register, disclosing the nature of their work, the foreigners they dealt with and the amount of money they made.
Willful failure to register for foreign lobbying work can carry up to a five-year prison sentence, but the Justice Department rarely brings criminal charges and instead urges violators to register.
On Wednesday, a spokesman for former Trump campaign chairman Manafort said that he, too, under pressure from the Justice Department, would formally file for prior foreign lobbying. Manafort’s work for political interests in Ukraine occurred before he was hired as Trump’s campaign chairman, spokesman Jason Maloni said, though the U.S. government raised questions about his activities after he was hired by Trump.
“The work in question was widely known, concluded before Mr. Manafort began working with the Trump campaign and was not conducted on behalf of the Russian government,” Maloni said.
Manafort was pushed out of Trump’s campaign in August after The Associated Press reported that his consulting firm had orchestrated a covert Washington lobbying operation on behalf of Ukraine’s ruling political party without disclosing that work to the U.S. government.
The White House did not respond to questions Wednesday about when Trump learned about Manafort’s foreign lobbying work and his discussions with the U.S. government about registering as a foreign agent.
The questions surrounding Page are perhaps the most serious. On Tuesday, The Washington Post reported that the Justice Department obtained a highly secretive warrant to monitor his communications because there was reason to believe he was working as a Russian spy.
In March, Trump personally announced Page as part of a newly minted foreign policy advisory team. But as questions began swirling about Page’s ties to Russia, the campaign started moving away from the little-known investment banker. Trump has since said he has no relationship with him.
The New York Times reported Wednesday that the Justice Department only obtained the warrant after the campaign distanced itself from Page.
In an interview Thursday with ABC’s “Good Morning America,” Page described his affiliation with the Trump campaign as having served as “an informal member of a committee which was put together — a team of individuals who were looking at various foreign policy issues.”
Page said he does not recall if he had conversations with Russian officials about sanctions during that period. He first suggested that he never told any officials that Trump would ease sanctions on Russia, and said no Russian officials suggested that to him, but then he said he doesn’t remember.
“Something may have come up in a conversation,” he said. “I have no recollection.”
Chris Ashby, a Republican elections lawyer, said that while it’s easy to blame Trump for missing red flags about his campaign advisers, it’s not always possible to dig up details that potential hires aren’t willing to disclose on their own.
“In the ideal world, you could rely on paid background checks, but you’d have to have the money and the time,” Ashby said. “The farther down the ranks you go and certainly when you reach the ranks of unpaid advisers, that becomes impractical.”



ARTICLE
(PHOTO)
WASHINGTON — A Maryland senator is drafting legislation to make the forcible removal of passengers from commercial airlines illegal.
Democratic Sen. Chris Van Hollen circulated a “Dear Colleague” letter Wednesday, seeking co-sponsors for what he is billing as the “Customers Not Cargo Act.”
“It is outrageous that airlines can bodily remove passengers after boarding rather than providing appropriate incentives to encourage volunteers. Airlines should resolve these common overbooking issues prior to boarding,” Van Hollen wrote to his fellow senators.
The draft bill would direct the Department of Transportation to update current regulations on how passengers are compensated for being bumped from commercial flights in the event of overbooking or the need to make seats available for crew.
It’s an obvious, direct response to the forcible removal of a passenger by aviation security in Chicago from a United flight earlier in the week.
“We were all shocked and outraged this week when United Airlines forcibly and brutally removed Dr. David Dao from Flight 3411,” Van Hollen wrote. “That is why I’m introducing the Customers Not Cargo Act to prohibit airlines from forcibly removing passengers after they have already boarded the plane due to oversales or airline staff seeking to fly as passengers.”
Van Hollen is not alone in seeking answers and changes. His announcement follows a Tuesday letter from 20 Senate Democrats to United CEO Oscar Munoz questioning the airline’s policies. That group included Illinois Sen. Richard J. Durbin, who is the minority whip, and Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer of New York.
“At a time when the airline industry is earning record profits, it is our hope that the industry can make great strides to improve customer service and implement best practices. Consumer trust and confidence are critical to ensure this industry continues to thrive, and we hope United Airlines will work diligently to immediately address this incident and make necessary improvements to ensure it does not occur again,” wrote the senators.
In a separate letter, also dated Tuesday, the bipartisan leaders of the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation and its subcommittee with jurisdiction over aviation matters asked a series of questions to Munoz about United’s policies on involuntary rebooking.
Their questions included how frequently law enforcement personnel are used to remove passengers from flights that they’ve already boarded.
“The last thing a paying airline passenger should expect is a physical altercation with law enforcement personnel after boarding, especially one that could likely have been avoided,” wrote GOP Sens. John Thune of South Dakota and Roy Blunt of Missouri, with Democratic Sens. Bill Nelson of Florida and Maria Cantwell of Washington.
Their questions included whether additional incentives could have been offered by United personnel to get people to agree to voluntary re-booking.
Munoz promised that an incident like the one aboard the United Express flight from O’Hare to Louisville, “will never happen again,” during an interview with ABC’s “Good Morning America.”
Munoz said that police will not be used to remove passengers in such circumstances in the future.
“It was a system failure,” he said. “We have not provided our front line supervisors and managers and individuals with the proper procedures that would allow them to use their common sense.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer continued Wednesday trying to repair any damage done to President Donald Trump and himself by a flubbed comparison he attempted the day before about Syria’s leader and Adolf Hitler.
Spicer said he is asking “for folks’ forgiveness” after initially contending that Bashar Assad’s aircraft-delivered gas attack on his own citizens was somehow worse than Hitler’s use of gas chambers to murder thousands of Jews in World War II, including German Jews. He said the incident “really is painful” on a personal and professional level.
“I sought people’s forgiveness because I screwed up,” Spicer said during an event at the Newseum. He again called even trying such a comparison a mistake – he dubbed it “inexcusable and reprehensible” – and said he is trying to “own it.”
Spicer noted his misstep, which drew calls for his firing from Democratic lawmakers and Jewish groups, came during what is a holy week for both Jews and Christians, which he said only “compounds that kind of mistake.”
It “really is painful for myself to know that I did something like that,” he said. “That, obviously, was not my intention. … There is no comparing atrocities.”
On a professional level, “I think I’ve let the president down,” Spicer said, adding that Trump has had an “unbelievable” few weeks after a summit with his Chinese counterpart, Justice Neil Gorsuch joining the Supreme Court and last week’s airstrike in Syria.
He said he failed Tuesday because the role of the press secretary is to “amplify” such things rather than “distract” from them.
The flub came during his daily press briefing as Spicer was responding to a question during the daily White House briefing about Russia’s relationship to Assad’s Syrian regime and the support it has gotten from President Vladimir Putin.
American officials have said Assad killed dozens of his own people using chemical weapons. In response, Trump ordered a Tomahawk missile strike on a Syrian air base on Thursday.
“We didn’t use chemical weapons in World War II. You know, you had someone as despicable as Hitler who didn’t even sink to using chemical weapons,” Spicer said.
Later, a reporter asked him to clarify.
“I think when you come to sarin gas, he was not using the gas on his own people the same way that Assad is doing,” Spicer said.
But Hitler did use chemical agents on some of his own people: German Jews.
“The Nazi regime brought an industrial approach to mass murder of its citizens and others it sought to exterminate,” the nonpartisan fact checking organization Polifact wrote Tuesday afternoon. “The construction of gas chambers and the use of deadly gas was fundamental to that strategy.”
As Spicer struggled to walk back the misstatement, he did acknowledge the Nazi death camps where Hitler’s regime slaughtered thousands of European Jews using chemical agents.
“He brought them into the Holocaust centers, and I understand that,” Spicer said.
Spicer continued, but stammered as he attempted to correct course. He then inexplicably seemed to contend that deadly chemicals released from planes is somehow more barbaric than doing so in gas chambers.
“But I was saying in the way that Assad used them, where he went into towns, dropped them down to innocent – into the middle of town,” the on-his-heels White House Press secretary said. “It was brought – so, the use of it – and I appreciate the clarification. That was not the intent.”
In a written statement made just after the briefing ended, Spicer tried to explain and walk back his remarks. But it wasn’t enough for Democrats like House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., who said Trump should immediately relieve him of his duties.
“Sean Spicer must be fired, and the president must immediately disavow his spokesman’s statements,” Pelosi said in a statement. “Either he is speaking for the president, or the president should have known better than to hire him.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Last August, a handwritten ledger surfaced in Ukraine with dollar amounts and dates next to the name of Paul Manafort, who was then Donald Trump’s campaign chairman.
Ukrainian investigators called it evidence of off-the-books payments from a pro-Russian political party – and part of a larger pattern of corruption under the country’s former president. Manafort, who worked for the party as an international political consultant, has publicly questioned the ledger’s authenticity.
Now, financial records newly obtained by The Associated Press confirm that at least $1.2 million in payments listed in the ledger next to Manafort’s name were actually received by his consulting firm in the United States. They include payments in 2007 and 2009, providing the first evidence that Manafort’s firm received at least some money listed in the so-called Black Ledger.
The two payments came years before Manafort became involved in Trump’s campaign, but for the first time bolster the credibility of the ledger. They also put the ledger in a new light, as federal prosecutors in the U.S. have been investigating Manafort’s work in Eastern Europe as part of a larger anti-corruption probe.
Separately, Manafort is also under scrutiny as part of congressional and FBI investigations into possible contacts between Trump associates and Russia’s government under President Vladimir Putin during the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign. The payments detailed in the ledger and confirmed by the documents obtained by the AP are unrelated to the 2016 presidential campaign and came years before Manafort worked as Trump’s unpaid campaign chairman.
In a statement to the AP, Manafort did not deny that his firm received the money but said “any wire transactions received by my company are legitimate payments for political consulting work that was provided. I invoiced my clients and they paid via wire transfer, which I received through a U.S. bank.”
Manafort noted that he agreed to be paid according to his “clients’ preferred financial institutions and instructions.”
Previously, Manafort and his spokesman, Jason Maloni, have maintained the ledger was fabricated and said no public evidence existed that Manafort or others received payments recorded in it.
The AP, however, identified in the records two payments received by Manafort that aligned with the ledger: one for $750,000 that a Ukrainian lawmaker said last month was part of a money-laundering effort that should be investigated by U.S. authorities. The other was $455,249 and also matched a ledger entry.
The newly obtained records also expand the global scope of Manafort’s financial activities related to his Ukrainian political consulting, because both payments came from companies once registered in the Central American country of Belize. Last month, the AP reported that the U.S. government has examined Manafort’s financial transactions in the Mediterranean country of Cyprus as part of its probe.
Federal prosecutors have been looking into Manafort’s work for years as part of an effort to recover Ukrainian assets stolen after the 2014 ouster of Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych, who fled to Russia. No charges have been filed as part of the investigation.
Manafort, a longtime Republican political operative, led the presidential campaign from March until August last year when Trump asked him to resign. The resignation came after a tumultuous week in which The New York Times revealed that Manafort’s name appeared in the Ukraine ledger – although the newspaper said at the time that officials were unsure whether Manafort actually received the money – and after the AP separately reported that he had orchestrated a covert Washington lobbying operation until 2014 on behalf of Ukraine’s pro-Russian Party of Regions.
Officials with the Ukrainian National Anti-Corruption Bureau, which is investigating corruption under Yanukovych, have said they believe the ledger is genuine. But they have previously noted that they have no way of knowing whether Manafort received the money listed next to his name. The bureau said it is not investigating Manafort because he is not a Ukrainian citizen.
Still, Manafort’s work continues to draw attention in Ukrainian politics.
Last month, Ukrainian lawmaker Serhiy Leshchenko revealed an invoice bearing the letterhead of Manafort’s namesake company, Davis Manafort, that Leshchenko said was crafted to conceal a payment to Manafort as a purchase of 501 computers.
The AP provided to Manafort the amounts of the payments, dates and number of the bank account where they were received. Manafort told the AP that he was unable to review his own banking records showing receipt of the payments because his bank destroyed the records after a standard 7-year retention period. He said Tuesday the “computer sales contract is a fraud.”
“The signature is not mine, and I didn’t sell computers,” he said in a statement. “What is clear, however, is individuals with political motivations are taking disparate pieces of information and distorting their significance through a campaign of smear and innuendo.”
Leshchenko said last month the 2009 invoice was one of about 50 pages of documents, including private paperwork and copies of employee-issued debit cards, that were found in Manafort’s former Kiev office by a new tenant.
The amount of the invoice – $750,000 – and the payment date of Oct. 14, 2009, matches one entry on the ledger indicating payments to Manafort from the Party of Regions. The invoice was addressed to Neocom Systems Ltd., a company formerly registered in Belize, and included the account and routing numbers and postal address for Manafort’s account at a branch of Wachovia National Bank in Alexandria, Virginia.
The AP had previously been unable to independently verify the $750,000 payment went to a Manafort company, but the newly obtained financial records reflect Manafort’s receipt of that payment. The records show that Davis Manafort received the amount from Neocom Systems the day after the date of the invoice.
Leshchenko contended to AP that Yanukovych, as Ukraine’s leader, paid Manafort money that came from his government’s budget and was “stolen from Ukrainian citizens.” He said: “Money received by Manafort has to be returned to the Ukrainian people.”
Leshchenko said U.S. authorities should investigate what he described as corrupt deals between Manafort and Yanukovych. “It’s about a U.S. citizen and money was transferred to a U.S. bank account,” he said.
A $455,249 payment in November 2007 also matches the amount in the ledger. It came from Graten Alliance Ltd., a company that had also been registered in Belize. It is now inactive.
The AP reported last month that federal prosecutors are looking into Manafort’s financial transactions in Cyprus, an island nation once known as a favored locale for money laundering.
Among those transactions was a $1 million payment in October 2009 routed through the Bank of Cyprus. The money was deposited into an account controlled by a Manafort-linked company, then left the account on the same day, broken into two disbursements of $500,000, according to documents obtained by the AP.
The records of Manafort’s Cypriot transactions were requested by the U.S. Treasury Department Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, which works internationally with agencies to track money laundering and the movement of illicit funds around the globe.
Dozens of Ukrainian political figures mentioned in the Black Ledger are under investigation in Ukraine. The anti-corruption bureau, which has been looking into the Black Ledger, publicly confirmed the authenticity of the signature of one top official mentioned there. In December, the bureau accused Mykhaylo Okhendovsky of receiving more than $160,000 from Party of Regions officials in 2012, when he was Ukraine’s main election official.
The bureau said it would identify more suspects in the coming months.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON (AP) — Republicans invoked the “nuclear option” in the Senate Thursday, unilaterally rewriting the chamber’s rules to allow President Donald Trump’s nominee to ascend to the Supreme Court.
Furious Democrats objected until the end, but their efforts to block Judge Neil Gorsuch failed as expected. Lawmakers of both parties bemoaned the long-term implications for the Senate, the court and the country.
“We will sadly point to today as a turning point in the history of the Senate and the Supreme Court,” said Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York.
The maneuvering played out in an atmosphere of tension in the Senate chamber with most senators in their seats, a rare and theatrical occurrence.
First Democrats mounted a filibuster in an effort to block Gorsuch by denying him the 60 votes needed to advance to a final vote. Then Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky raised a point of order, suggesting that Supreme Court nominees should not be subjected to a 60-vote threshold but instead a simple majority in the 100-member Senate.
McConnell was overruled, but appealed the ruling. And on that he prevailed on a 52-48 party line vote. The 60-vote filibuster requirement on Supreme Court nominees was effectively gone, and with it the last vestige of bipartisanship on presidential nominees in an increasingly polarized Senate.
A final confirmation vote on Gorsuch is expected Friday and he could then be sworn in in time to take his seat on the court later this month and hear the final cases of the term.
The maneuvering played out with much hand-wringing from all sides about the future of the Senate, as well as unusually bitter accusations and counter-accusations as each side blamed the other. The rules change is known as the “nuclear option” because of its far-reaching implications.
McConnell accused Democrats of forcing his hand by trying to filibuster a highly qualified nominee in Gorsuch, 49, a 10-year veteran of the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver with a consistently conservative record. McConnell vowed that the rules change would block the Gorsuch filibuster, and all future ones, a change many lawmakers lamented could lead to an even more polarized Senate, court and country.
“This will be the first, and last, partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee,” McConnell declared. “This is the latest escalation in the left’s never-ending judicial war, the most audacious yet, and it cannot and will not stand.”
Supreme Court filibusters have been nearly unheard of in the Senate, but the confrontation is playing out amid an explosive political atmosphere with liberal Democrats furious over the Trump presidency and Republicans desperate to get a win after months of chaos from Trump.
Democrats also remain livid over McConnell’s decision last year to deny consideration to then-President Barack Obama’s Supreme Court nominee, Judge Merrick Garland, who was ignored for the better part of a year by Senate Republicans after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. Instead, McConnell kept Scalia’s seat open, a calculation that is now paying off hugely for Republicans and Trump, who will be able to claim the biggest victory of his presidency to date if Gorsuch is confirmed as expected.
“We believe that what Republicans did to Merrick Garland was worse than a filibuster,” Schumer said.
Emotions were running high ahead of the votes with raised voices on the floor where proceedings are normally sedate. All involved were keenly aware of the long-term implications of the proceedings, some of them hard to predict for the future of Trump’s presidency and the 2018 midterm elections, when Republicans will be defending their slim 52-48 Senate majority and 10 vulnerable Democrats in states Trump won will be up for re-election.
Senators on both sides of the aisle lamented the trajectory they were on, though they themselves were in position to prevent it from happening and failed to do so.
Moderate Republican Sen. Susan Collins of Maine said roughly 10 senators of both parties worked over the weekend to come up with a deal to stave off the “nuclear option,” but couldn’t come to agreement. In 2005, a bipartisan deal headed off GOP plans to remove the filibuster barrier for lower-court nominees, but in 2013 Democrats took the step, leaving the filibuster in place only for Supreme Court justices.
Now it too is gone. For now the filibuster barrier on legislation will remain, though many fear it could be the next to go.
“I fear that someday we will regret what we are about to do. In fact, I am confident we will,” said Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz. “It is imperative we have a functioning Senate where the rights of the minority are protected regardless of which party is in power at the time.”
Nonetheless, McCain voted with McConnell on the rules change, saying he felt he had no choice.
With the final vote set for Friday, Gorsuch counts 55 supporters in the Senate: the 52 Republicans, along with three moderate Democrats from states that Trump won last November — Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota and Joe Donnelly of Indiana. A fourth Senate Democrat, Michael Bennet from Gorsuch’s home state of Colorado, refused to join in the filibuster but announced Thursday he would vote against Gorsuch’s confirmation.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Reality is catching up with President Donald Trump.
Hours after Trump dismissed reports that his campaign associates were being scrutinized for colluding with Russia as “fake news,” FBI Director James Comey confirmed the investigation is real.
The FBI chief also repeatedly insisted there was no evidence to back up Trump’s explosive claim that his predecessor wiretapped his New York skyscraper.
And Adm. Michael Rogers, head of the National Security Agency, knocked down a report about Britain helping President Barack Obama with the alleged surveillance, although the White House had pointed to the report to try to bolster Trump’s case.
Taken together, the disclosures in Monday’s lengthy House intelligence committee hearing amounted to an extraordinary undercutting of a president, whose headline-grabbing accusations and Twitter-friendly attacks crumbled quickly under the weight of sworn congressional testimony from some of the nation’s top security officials.
Many of Trump’s most ardent supporters are unlikely to be swayed by Monday’s spectacle. Still, Trump’s credibility and his standing as a reliable ally for his fellow Republicans in Congress are less assured. Even if his advisers are ultimately cleared in the Russia probe, as the White House insists they will be, the investigation could loom over Trump’s presidency for months or even years, distracting from the ambitious domestic agenda he’s vowed to enact.
That reality was abundantly clear Monday. Most cable news channels carried Comey’ and Rogers’ five hours of testimony live instead of the first congressional hearing for Neil Gorsuch, Trump’s widely praised nominee for the Supreme Court. The Russia hearings came as Trump tried to give a hard sell to Republicans wary of his health care package, a legislative gamble with long-lasting implications for Trump’s relationship with his own party.
The president’s political position was already shaky heading into the hearing, the first of several public sessions the House and Senate intelligence committees are expected to hold. His approval rating has tumbled to 39 percent, according to a new Gallup poll, down 6 points from a week earlier.
Trump has long been shadowed by questions about his ties to Russia, given his friendly posture toward Moscow and his advisers’ curious web of ties to Russia. The White House insists the campaign did not coordinate with Russia on the hacking of Democratic groups during the election and dismisses the swirling controversy as little more than a political witch hunt.
Yet Monday’s hearings left the White House scrambling for cover, though there was little to be found.
Spokesman Sean Spicer launched into a series of confounding arguments during his daily briefing. He touted statements from lawmakers and former Obama administration officials saying they had seen no evidence of collusion between Trump associates and Russia. But he dismissed nearly identical statements from some of those same officials about Trump’s wiretapping allegations, saying it was too early in the investigations to draw any conclusions.
In one particularly eyebrow-raising moment, Spicer resorted to claiming one associate, Paul Manafort, had a “very limited role” in the 2016 election. In fact, Manafort was hired in March as Trump’s convention manager and promoted to campaign chairman in May. Spicer also described foreign policy adviser Michael Flynn as simply a “volunteer.” Flynn traveled frequently with the president, delivered a high-profile speech at the Republican National Convention and served as his first national security adviser.
Both Manafort and Flynn were fired by Trump after revelations about their connections to Russia.
Manafort left the campaign in August, when news reports about his business ties to pro-Moscow Ukrainian oligarchs became a political liability. Flynn was fired in February for misleading top officials about his contacts with Russia’s ambassador to the United States.
Both Manafort and Flynn are among the Trump associates under scrutiny for possible contacts with Russia during the election. The Senate intelligence committee has also asked Roger Stone, a longtime Trump adviser, and Carter Page, an investment banker who briefly advised the campaign on foreign policy, to retain documents related to its inquiry.
The White House, with the backing of some Republican lawmakers, says the real controversy is how the investigation into Trump’s advisers became public. They argue the focus of the probe should be ferreting out who leaked classified information.
Trump tried to go on offense in the middle of the hearing, launching a series of tweets from his official White House account, including one that appeared to blame the Obama administration for leaking details of Flynn’s contacts with the Russian envoy. Another tweet incorrectly said Comey and Rogers told lawmakers that Russia “did not influence” the electoral process.
In a moment of real-time fact-checking, the FBI director made clear that was not a declaration he had made.
“We don’t have any information on that subject,” he said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell warned fellow Republicans Tuesday of political consequences if they oppose health care legislation coming up for a vote in the House this week.
“I would hate to be a Republican whose vote prevented us from keeping the commitment we’ve made to the American people for almost 10 years now” to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama’s health care law, the Kentucky Republican told Associated Press reporters and editors in an interview.
“I think the American people would be deeply disappointed that we were prevented from keeping our commitment by Republicans who in the end, in effect, voted for the status quo.”
McConnell sounded confident that the bill will pass the House and come over to the Senate, where it is currently short of votes. He made clear the legislation will change in the Senate so it can pass, though he declined to predict what the final product will look like or guarantee ultimate success.
But he made clear he expects President Donald Trump, who was on Capitol Hill Tuesday to lobby reluctant House members, to lean on wavering Senate Republicans and bring them in line.
“The president has been very effective in helping in the House with the health care bill,” McConnell said. “And we intend, once it comes over from the House, to have the president weigh in with our folks as well.”
The GOP legislation repeals the Obama law’s requirement for nearly everyone to carry insurance or face fines, while phasing out an expansion of Medicaid and reducing tax credits to help consumers by coverage. House GOP leaders are pushing toward a vote Thursday despite opposition from left and right, and announced a package of changes overnight Monday aimed at luring wavering lawmakers with promises of more money for older Americans and other changes.
Several Republican senators have been loudly critical of the bill, including Sens. Rand Paul of Kentucky and Mike Lee of Utah. Combined with opposition from a couple of other lawmakers, McConnell does not presently have enough votes for the bill in a Senate split 52-48 between Republicans and Democrats. Democrats are unanimously opposed.
But McConnell attributed some of the turmoil to a “learning process” as Republicans turn to governing after spending years as the opposition party. And he said, “I’m optimistic that none of my members in the end want to be responsible for the status quo on Obamacare.”
McConnell also shot down prospects for Trump’s budget proposal, released last week, rejecting Trump’s proposed cuts to both foreign aid, the State Department, medical research and economic development projects like the Appalachian Regional Commission.
“America being a force is a lot more than building up the Defense Department,” McConnell said. “Diplomacy is important, extremely important, and I don’t think these reductions at the State Department are appropriate because many times diplomacy is a lot more effective – and certainly cheaper – than military engagement.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch said Tuesday that “no man is above the law” when pressed on whether President Donald Trump could reinstitute torture as a U.S. interrogation method.
The exchange with Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina came on Day Two of Gorsuch’s confirmation hearing to fill the 13-month vacancy on the Supreme Court.
Graham suggested Trump might be watching the hearing, and asked Gorsuch what would happen if the president tried to reinstate waterboarding, the now-banned torture technique that Trump embraced on the campaign trail. Graham suggested that Trump “might get impeached” if he tried to do so.
“Senator, the impeachment power belongs to this body,” Gorsuch said, but when Graham followed up on whether Trump could be subject to prosecution, Gorsuch said: “No man is above the law, no man.”
It was one of several charged exchanges Tuesday as Gorsuch mostly batted away Democrats’ efforts to get him to reveal his views on abortion, guns and other controversial issues, insisting he keeps “an open mind for the entire process” when he issues rulings. He answered friendly questions from majority Republicans in the same way as they tried to help him highlight his neutrality in face of Democratic attempts to link him to Trump, who nominated him.
Graham asked Gorsuch whether Trump had asked him to overturn Roe v. Wade, the case establishing a right to abortion, and what he would have done had Trump asked him to do so.
“Senator, I would have walked out the door,” Gorsuch replied. “That’s not what judges do.”
“My personal views, I tell you, Mr. Chairman, are over here. I leave those at home,” Gorsuch said in response to a question from Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley of Iowa. And he gave versions of that same response numerous times to other senators.
As a long day of questioning wore on, senators and Gorsuch engaged in a routine well-established in recent confirmation hearings, as the nominee resists all requests to say how he feels about Supreme Court decisions, even as he is asked about them again and again.
Questioned by Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California about the Supreme Court’s 2008 ruling affirming the right of people to keep guns in their homes for self-defense – District of Columbia v. Heller – Gorsuch said, “Whatever is in Heller is the law and I follow the law. ... It’s not a matter of agreeing or disagreeing.”
Gorsuch said he has not been asked since his nomination to make promises about future rulings.
“I don’t believe in litmus tests for judges,” he said. “No one in that process asked me for any commitments.”
Republicans are unanimously supporting Gorsuch, and they asked supportive questions as he appeared for a second day before the committee. But Democrats made clear on the first day that they were in no mood to “rubber stamp a nominee selected by extreme interest groups and nominated by a president who lost the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes,” as Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont put it.
Democrats remain incensed over how Republicans treated former President Barack Obama’s nominee, Judge Merrick Garland, who was denied even a hearing last year after Antonin Scalia’s death created an opening on the high court. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell insisted that since a presidential campaign was underway it was the right of the next president to fill the opening, and his gamble paid off when Trump won the election and nominated Gorsuch, a 49-year-old judge on the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver.
There are now just eight justices on the nine-member high court.
Gorsuch was on a list of potential Trump picks vetted by the Federalist Society and Heritage Foundation, and is strongly supported by Senate Republicans, many of whom believe his selection is the best move so far of Trump’s presidency and goes far to compensate for the president’s erratic behavior on other fronts.
For their part, Democrats are divided on what to do about Gorsuch and how hard to fight his confirmation, given their frustration over Garland’s treatment and the fury of liberal base voters over Trump. Few dispute, though, that Garland is highly qualified and credentialed, and by most accounts a gentle and amiable person.
In an interview with Associated Press reporters and editors Tuesday, McConnell dismissed “whining” and “crocodile tears” by Democrats over Garland, insisting they would have done the same in his position. With a Senate narrowly divided 52-48 between Republicans and Democrats, McConnell would need eight Democrats to get Gorsuch over procedural hurdles to a final confirmation vote.
He said Tuesday he remains hopeful of getting Democratic votes, but if they aren’t forthcoming he sounded prepared to move unilaterally to change Senate rules and confirm Gorsuch with a simple majority.
“If there aren’t 60 votes for a nominee like Neil Gorsuch it’s appropriate to ask the question is there any nominee any Republican president could make that Democrats would approve,” McConnell said. “Gorsuch will be confirmed I just can’t tell you exactly how that will happen yet.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump on Tuesday bluntly laid out the political stakes for Republicans if their bid to overhaul the health care system falters out of the gate, saying failure would imperil the rest of their agenda and ultimately their congressional majorities.
His remarks to a closed-door meeting of House Republicans at the Capitol came just over 48 hours before leaders hope to have the House vote on their plan to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan and his lieutenants are still working overtime to secure additional commitments from Republicans, particularly among the members of the conservative Freedom Caucus, to get to a majority.
If the bill passes, it would move on to the Senate with a goal of enacting legislation before the Easter recess, although many senators have expressed doubts that the process can move that quickly in their chamber.
Trump told House members that after promising voters for years that they would repeal the Affordable Care Act, they have little choice but to vote for the bill before them. He singled out a leader of the Freedom Caucus and early campaign supporter of his, Rep. Mark Meadows of North Carolina, to encourage him to come on board.
“Because honestly, a loss is not acceptable, folks,” Trump said, according to sources present for the discussion.
“The president was very direct. We get this done, and tax reform, he believes we pick up 10 seats in the Senate, and we add to our majority in the House,” said Rep. Chris Collins, R-N.Y., another longtime Trump backer. “And if we don’t get it done, we lose the House and we lose the Senate.”
Republicans largely called the discussion upbeat despite the president’s warnings, but there was no mistaking the uncertainty surrounding the final outcome. Trump wasn’t making political threats, but clearly laying out the consequences, attendees said.
“President Trump was here to do what he does best, and that is to close the deal,” Ryan, R-Wis., said afterward. “I think our members are beginning to appreciate just what kind of a rendezvous with destiny we have right here.”
Several leading conservative members, though, remained on the fence, even after the hard sell.
Rep. Morgan Griffith, R-Va., a member of the Freedom Caucus, said most lawmakers from the group opposed the bill ahead of the morning meeting, but Trump’s all-in warnings were a “selling point.”
“We’ll see what happens,” said Griffith, who was leaning in favor. “He was very personal, and he said we need to work together as a team … but that we have to stick together or else this will fall apart and the American people will lose confidence that we can get things done.
“It is a selling point,” he added. “For some of my friends, you have to get a little bit more conservative in the bill in order to get them to feel comfortable with it.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Amid an avalanche of news raising alarm about Russian meddling in the U.S. election and ties between President Donald Trump’s administration and Moscow, many younger voters are questioning how big a threat the former Cold War foe really is.
“Russia is just not the same danger they were to us 40 years ago,” said Sara Herrera, a 24-year-old who lives in Boca Raton, Fla. “Obviously if they’re trying to be interfering in our business that’s not OK, but how is that really dangerous to Americans? It’s not life and death anymore.”
Mark Nguyen, 26, of Oakland, Calif., remembers his grandparents’ stories of “duck and cover” drills at school to prepare for a potential nuclear attack.
“They were legitimately scared back then,” he said. “But no matter what Russians do to us now, it’s more annoying than a real threat. I’m not saying we have to let them get away with it, but it’s not worth all the hyperventilating.”
Interviews with more than 30 voters across the country show a major generational gap when it comes to views of Russia. According to younger voters, the view of Russia as an automatic threat that they hear from lawmakers like Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., and Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., is an outdated relic of the Cold War. The national mobilization around the threat posed by the Soviet Union, which was defined in existential terms, made a deep impression on the generations that lived through it.
“When Russians are getting involved, you just know it’s very bad news for us,” said Daniel Holt, 71, a retired attorney in Dallas, speaking about reports of Russian interference in the election. “That’s why all of this is so worrying. They still have it out for the U.S., and they found a way in.”
Younger voters tended to describe coverage of the meetings and connections between Trump administration officials and Russian President Vladimir Putin’s government as overblown and alarmist. The fact that reports of Russian meddling in the election are seen in Democrat-vs-Republican terms only reinforces that view.
But turning Russia into “a partisan football” targeting Trump downplays the security threat that Russia, with its large nuclear arsenal, represents, said Matthew Rojansky, director of the Kennan Institute at the Wilson Center in Washington.
“Russia is still one of the most consequential countries on the planet … and the country that could destroy life in under an hour as we know it,” he said. “We should not be paranoid, but we should be rationally afraid.”
According to a December Economist-YouGov poll, Republican views of Russian President Vladimir Putin have become sharply more positive since 2014, moving 56 percentage points. While Hillary Clinton voters view Putin negatively by a 72-point margin, Trump voters do so by just 16 points.
But the assumption that the American public is as hawkish about Russia as U.S. military and diplomatic leaders creates a stumbling block in explaining that perspective to a younger generation.
Jeffrey Mankoff, a senior fellow at the Russia and Eurasia program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies who’s a former adviser on U.S.-Russia relations at the State Department, said the disconnect was obvious between those who remembered Cold War tensions with the Soviet Union and those whose primary memories were formed after 1991, when the Soviet Union dissolved to be replaced by Russia and a series of newly independent states.
“It’s really kind of like history went on vacation for 25 years … and now it’s back,” he said. “And people who have only been around for that (later period) have a hard time seeing the bigger picture. There are not many countries that are actively seeking to undermine U.S. national security interests as part of their own approach to foreign policy.”
With the exception of the Sept. 11, 2011, terrorist attacks, most younger adults have known only a “pretty benign international environment,” said Mankoff. Even the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan were “mainly background noise,” he said.
Younger Americans’ views of Russia were shaped during the presidency of Barack Obama, who dismissed Russia as a “regional power” that did not pose a security risk to the U.S. but was bent on intimidating its neighbors “not out of strength but out of weakness.” Putin slammed Obama’s comments as “disrespectful.”
Russia’s annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region in 2014 was the “biggest wake-up call” that U.S.-Russia tension had not been left in the past, said Steve Sestanovich, a former U.S. ambassador-at-large to the Soviet Union. Putin has reinforced it in other ways as well, Sestanovich said, citing a brutal military campaign in Syria, unconcealed dislike of U.S. leaders and the hacking of Democratic National Committee computers to undermine the election.
“Most people in (the Cold War) generation thought this was a thing of the past,” said Stephen Flanagan, who served on the Obama administration’s National Security Council and is now an analyst for the Rand Corp. “It’s jarring what (Russia) did in Ukraine and Syria, and the way they did it is another reminder that Russia is an authoritarian government that does not share our values.”



ARTICLE
GREENBELT, Md. — President Donald Trump’s revised travel ban was dealt another legal setback Thursday when a federal judge in Maryland rejected the prohibition against six predominantly Muslim countries.
The ruling near the nation’s capital was the latest blow to Trump’s ban, with a federal judge in Hawaii rejecting the measure on Wednesday. Both judges cited Trump’s own words as evidence of his intent in issuing the new plan.
U.S. Judge Theodore Chuang ruled Thursday in Greenbelt, Maryland, in a case brought by the American Civil Liberities Union and other groups representing immigrants, refugees and their families. The groups argued that the underlying rationale of the ban was to discriminate against Muslims, making it unconstitutional.
Chuang, who was appointed by then-President Barack Obama, called Trump’s own statements about intentions to impose a Muslim ban “highly relevant.” Trump’s second executive order does include changes from the first order, Chuang noted, such as the removal of a preference for religious minorities in the refugee process.
“Despite these changes, the history of public statements continues to provide a convincing case that the purpose of the Second Executive Order remains the realization of the long-envisioned Muslim ban,” he said.
On Wednesday, U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson in Honolulu criticized what he called the “illogic” of the government’s arguments and cited “significant and unrebutted evidence of religious animus” behind the travel ban. He also noted that while courts should not examine the “veiled psyche” and “secret motives” of government decision-makers, “the remarkable facts at issue here require no such impermissible inquiry.”
Watson also wrote, referring to a statement Trump issued as a candidate, “For instance, there is nothing ‘veiled’ about this press release: ‘Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.’”
Chuang granted a preliminary injunction on a nationwide basis. He declined to issue an injunction blocking the entire executive order, saying that the plaintiffs didn’t sufficiently develop their argument that the temporary ban on refugees offends the establishment clause and didn’t provide sufficient basis to establish the invalidity of the rest of the order.
Details of the implementation of the orders also indicate that national security isn’t the primary purpose of the ban, Chuang said.
“The fact that the White House took the highly irregular step of first introducing the travel ban without receiving the input and judgment of the relevant national security agencies strongly suggests that the religious purpose was primary and the national security purpose, even if legitimate, is a secondary, post hoc rationale,” he said.
“The Maryland court saw through the government’s legal maneuvering and recognized the new order for what it was: a Muslim ban,” said Lee Gelernt, deputy director of the ACLU’s national Immigrants’ Rights Project and one of the attorneys on the case. “And importantly, he issued a preliminary injunction, not just a (temporary restraining order), so the injunction will remain in place through trial, and not just for a couple of weeks.”
Trump called the ruling in Hawaii an example of “unprecedented judicial overreach” and said his administration would appeal it to the U.S. Supreme Court. He also called his new travel ban a watered-down version of the first one, which he said he wished he could implement.
“We’re going to win. We’re going to keep our citizens safe,” the president said at a rally in Nashville, Tennessee, on Wednesday. “The danger is clear. The law is clear. The need for my executive order is clear.”
Government lawyers argued that the ban was substantially revised from an earlier version signed in January that was later blocked by a federal judge in Washington state. They said the ban was ordered in the interest of national security to protect the U.S. from “radical Islamic terrorism.”
“Unless and until the president realizes that this is a battle in which he’s going to keep losing and decides to do the right thing and abandon this course, for as long as he’s on it we’ll keep litigating it and I think we’re going to keep winning,” said Omar Jadwat, who argued the case for the ACLU in Maryland.
The Justice Department public-affairs office did not immediately return a message. The case was argued Wednesday by acting U.S. Solicitor General Jeffrey Wall.
If the administration seeks an emergency stay of Watson’s decision at the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals Circuit, the matter would be heard by different judges from the three who ruled on the case last month. That’s because the panel of judges assigned to such cases rotates every month, said court spokesman David Madden.
The 9th Circuit on Wednesday declined to reconsider the 3-0 decision not to reinstate the original ban. In a dissent, five judges said they considered that decision incorrect and wanted it vacated.
“Whatever we, as individuals, may feel about the president or the executive order, the president’s decision was well within the powers of the presidency,” Judge Jay Bybee wrote for the five.
Watson issued his 43-page ruling less than two hours after hearing Hawaii’s request for a temporary restraining order to stop the ban from being put into practice.
The hearings in Maryland and Hawaitt were two of three held Wednesday in federal courts around the country. U.S. District Judge James Robart in Seattle, who blocked the initial travel ban last month, did not immediately rule on a request from an immigrant-rights group to block the revised version.
In all, more than half a dozen states are trying to stop the ban.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The White House and Republican leaders are talking to rank-and-file lawmakers about revising the GOP health care overhaul, hoping to keep a rebellion by conservatives and moderates from snowballing and imperiling the party’s showpiece legislation.
Four days after a congressional report projected the bill would pry coverage from millions of voters, signs of fraying GOP support for the legislation were showing. The measure would strike down much of former President Barack Obama’s 2010 overhaul and reduce the federal role, including financing, for health care consumers and is opposed uniformly by Democrats.
In a fresh test of Republicans’ willingness to embrace the legislation, the House Budget Committee was considering the measure Thursday. Republicans expressed confidence the bill would be approved, but the vote could be tight. The panel can’t make significant changes but was expected to endorse non-binding, suggested changes to nail down votes.
The bill would eliminate the tax penalty that pressures people to buy coverage and the federal subsidies that let millions afford it, replacing them with tax credits that are bigger for older people. It would cut Medicaid, repeal the law’s tax increases on higher earning Americans and require 30 percent higher premiums for consumers who let coverage lapse.
Overt GOP opposition grew after the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office projected Monday that the legislation would push 24 million Americans off coverage in a decade and shift out-of-pocket costs toward lower income, older people. Obama’s law has provided coverage to around 20 million additional people
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., told reporters Wednesday that leaders could now make “some necessary improvements and refinements” to the legislation. But he declined to commit to bringing the measure to the House floor next week, a schedule Republican leaders have repeatedly said they intended to keep.
At a late rally in Nashville Wednesday, President Donald Trump said: “We’re going to arbitrate, we’re all going to get together, we’re going to get something done.”
Vice President Mike Pence met with House GOP lawmakers and pressed them to unite behind the legislation.
“‘It’s our job to get it out of here and get it to the Senate,’” Pence told Republicans, according to Rep. Dennis Ross, R-Fla. That would let Trump pressure “Democrats in these red states to come on board,’” Ross said, referring to Republican-leaning states where Democratic senators face re-election next year.
But insurgents still abound.
Conservatives want to end Obama’s expansion of Medicaid to 11 million additional low-income people next year, not 2020 as the bill proposes. They say a GOP proposed tax credit to help people pay medical costs is too generous, and they want to terminate all of Obama’s insurance requirements, including mandatory coverage of specified services like drug counseling.
Rep. Mark Meadows, R-N.C., head of the hard-line conservative House Freedom Caucus, continued pushing for changes. He claimed at least 21 members of his group would oppose the measure as written; the bill would fail if 22 Republicans join all Democrats in opposing it.
But underscoring the push-pull problem GOP leaders face in winning votes, moderates feel the tax credits are too stingy, especially for low earners and older people. They oppose accelerating the phase-out of the Medicaid expansion and are unhappy with long-term cuts the measure would inflict on the entire program.
Terminating the Medicaid expansion in 2020 and not 2018 “is sacrosanct to me,” said moderate Rep. Tom MacArthur, R-N.J.
In a new complication, Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, said the measure lacked the votes to pass in the Senate, where Republicans hold a precarious 52-48 majority. That left House members angry over being asked to take a politically risky vote for legislation likely to be altered.
Moderates “don’t like the idea of taking a vote in the House that may go nowhere in the Senate,” said Rep. Charlie Dent, R-Pa.
Amid the maneuvering, a federal report said more than 12 million people have signed up for coverage this year under the very statute that Republicans want to repeal. That figure underscored the potential political impact of the GOP’s next move.



ARTICLE
NEW YORK — Leaked pages of President Donald Trump’s 2005 tax return offer no new details about his foreign income and business dealings but highlight a tax he’s vowed to abolish.
The alternative minimum tax, or AMT, was responsible for 80 percent of Trump’s 2005 federal income tax bill of $38.4 million, on income of $152.7 million. That’s a “startlingly” large proportion, said Alexander Popovich, a wealth adviser at JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s private bank. “It’s very strange – usually, the AMT is not going to cause anywhere near such a difference,” Popovich said.
Trump has contravened 40 years of tradition by declining to release his tax returns, so the two pages of his 2005 return, which veteran tax journalist David Cay Johnston presented on MSNBC’s “The Rachel Maddow Show” Tuesday, offer a rare – but limited – peek into the president’s finances. Among the items on view: Trump got hit with a tax that in recent years has affected increasing numbers of well-off, but not necessarily wealthy, Americans.
The AMT was introduced to taxpayers in 1970 as a way to prevent high-earning households from winnowing down or zeroing out their federal income-tax bills. The tax works by taking away personal and dependent exemptions, as well as various itemized deductions, including those for state and local taxes. Other deductions are capped. It’s triggered by almost two dozen factors, including losses, depreciation, stock options and exemptions for children.
As inflation boosted incomes, the AMT has captured a larger number of taxpayers – including roughly 30 percent of households with cash income between $200,000 and $500,000, according to the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center, a Washington-based policy group. Higher state and local taxes in states like California, New York, New Jersey and Massachusetts – which can’t be deducted under the AMT – have helped stir complaints about the tax.
Trump and House Republicans have both formally called for abolishing it as part of their planned tax overhaul. The tax will raise about $35 billion this year, about 2.2 percent of all individual income tax revenue, according to the Tax Policy Center.
“The AMT created this incredibly complicated formula to try to compensate for all of the deductions that are built in on the other side of the tax piece,” Sen. James Lankford, an Oklahoma Republican, said Wednesday.
Democrats are wary of scrapping it. “I’m an advocate of the AMT,” New York Sen. Chuck Schumer, the Democratic leader, said.
It’s unclear what caused Trump to have to pay the AMT. The large bill “raises more questions than it answers,” said Leonard Burman, co-founder of the Tax Policy Center. “For the vast majority of people, the AMT is only a portion of their tax liability – just a supplement to their regular taxes.”
The leaked documents show that Trump and his wife, Melania, paid $5.3 million in federal income tax and more than $31 million in AMT. The combined $38.4 million tax bill gave the Trumps a federal tax rate of about 25 percent. It’s not clear that absent the AMT, they would have paid only a 3.5 percent rate, because of differences in the way deductions are treated by the AMT and regular income tax.
It’s unusual that the Trumps were caught by a tax that predominantly hits earners in the $400,000 to $1.2 million gross income range, said Popovich of JPMorgan Chase. Far wealthier taxpayers can typically avoid its effects because capital gains income – a mainstay for the top 0.1 percent – largely escapes the AMT.
Chuck Collins, a scholar at the left-leaning Institute for Policy Studies, said he assumed that a reported loss of $103 million on Trump’s 2005 return, combined with depreciation for real estate, “probably” triggered the alternative levy. “The AMT tends to catch people who have paper losses,” he said.
In a statement released Tuesday night before the MSNBC broadcast, the White House cited a “large-scale depreciation for construction,” but didn’t elaborate.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump unveiled a $1.15 trillion budget on Thursday, a far-reaching overhaul of federal government spending that slashes many domestic programs to finance a significant increase in the military and make a down payment on a U.S.-Mexico border wall.
Trump’s proposal seeks to upend Washington with cuts to long-promised campaign targets like foreign aid and the Environmental Protection Agency as well as strong congressional favorites such as medical research, help for homeless veterans and community development grants.
“A budget that puts America first must make the safety of our people its number one priority – because without safety, there can be no prosperity,” Trump said in a message accompanying his proposed budget that was titled “America First: A Budget Blueprint to Make America Great Again.”
The $54 billion boost for the military is the largest since President Ronald Reagan’s Pentagon buildup in the 1980s, promising immediate money for troop readiness, the fight against Islamic State militants and procurement of new ships, fighter jets and other weapons. The 10 percent Pentagon boost is financed by $54 billion in cuts to foreign aid and domestic agencies that had been protected by former President Barack Obama.
The budget goes after the frequent targets of the party’s staunchest conservatives, eliminating the National Endowment for the Arts, legal aid for the poor, low-income heating assistance and the AmeriCorps national service program established by former President Bill Clinton.
Such programs were the focus of lengthy battles dating to the GOP takeover of Congress in 1995 and have survived prior attempts to eliminate them. Lawmakers will have the final say on Trump’s proposal in the arduous budget process, and many of the cuts will be deemed dead on arrival. Mulvaney acknowledged to reporters that passing the cuts could be an uphill struggle and said the administration would negotiate over replacement cuts.
Mulvaney also went after GOP favorites, including aid to rural schools and health research, while eliminating subsidies for rural air service and the federal flood insurance program that’s a linchpin for the real estate market, especially in coastal southern states and the Northeast.
Trump’s GOP allies Capitol Hill gave it only grudging praise, if any. “Congress has the power of the purse,” reminded House Appropriations Committee Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen, R-N.J. “I look forward to reviewing this,” said House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis.
“This is not a take-it-or-leave-it budget,” Mulvaney admitted.
Law enforcement agencies like the FBI would be spared, while the border wall would receive an immediate $1.4 billion infusion in the ongoing fiscal year, with another $2.6 billion planned for the 2018 budget year starting Oct. 1.
Trump repeatedly claimed during the campaign that Mexico would pay for the wall when, in fact, U.S. taxpayers will foot the bill.
Twelve of the government’s 15 Cabinet agencies would absorb cuts under the president’s proposal. The biggest losers are Agriculture, Labor, State, and the Cabinet-level EPA. The Defense Department, Department of Homeland Security and Department of Veterans Affairs are the winners.
More than 3,000 EPA workers would lose their jobs and programs such as Obama’s Clean Power Plan, which would tighten regulations on emissions from power plants seen as contributing to global warming, would be eliminated. Popular EPA grants for state and local drinking and wastewater projects would be preserved, however, even as research into climate change would be eliminated.
Trump’s proposal covers only roughly one-fourth of the approximately $4 trillion federal budget, the discretionary portion that Congress passes each year. It doesn’t address taxes, Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, or make predictions about deficits and the economy. Those big-picture details are due in mid-May, and are sure to show large – probably permanent – budget deficits. Trump has vowed not to cut Social Security and Medicare and is dead set against raising taxes.
“The president’s going to keep his promises” to leave Social Security and Medicare alone, Mulvaney said.
But the budget increases user fees, boosting the airline ticket tax by $1 per one-way trip. It would also
The so-called “skinny budget” is indeed skimpy, glossing over cuts to many sensitive programs such as community health centers, national parks, offering only a vague, two-page summary of most agencies, including the Pentagon, where allocating its additional billions is still a work in progress.
Trump’s proposal is sure to land with a thud on Capitol Hill, and not just with opposition Democrats outraged over cuts to pet programs such as renewable energy, climate change research and rehabilitation of housing projects.
Republicans like Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio are irate over planned elimination of a program to restore the Great Lakes. Top Republicans like Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker of Tennessee are opposed to drastic cuts to foreign aid. And even GOP defense hawks like Armed Services Committee Chairman Mac Thornberry of Texas aren’t satisfied with the $54 billion increase for the military.
Before the two sides go to war over Trump’s 2018 plan, they need to clean up more than $1.1 trillion in unfinished agency budgets for the current year. A temporary catchall spending bill expires April 28; negotiations have barely started and could get hung up over Trump’s request for the wall and additional border patrol and immigration enforcement agents, just for starters.
Some of the most politically sensitive domestic programs would be spared, including food aid for pregnant women and their children, housing vouchers for the poor, aid for special education and school districts for the poor, and federal aid to historically black colleges and universities.
But the National Institutes of Health would absorb a $5.8 billion cut despite Trump’s talk in a recent address to Congress of finding “cures to the illnesses that have always plagued us.” Subsidies for airlines serving rural airports in Trump strongholds would be eliminated. It would also shut down Amtrak’s money-losing long-distance routes and kill off a popular $500 million per-year “TIGER Grant” program for highway projects created by Obama.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump earned $153 million and paid $36.5 million in income taxes in 2005, paying a roughly 25 percent effective tax rate thanks to a tax he has since sought to eliminate, according to newly disclosed tax documents.
The pages from Trump’s federal tax return show the real estate mogul also reported a business loss of $103 million that year, although the documents don’t provide detail. The forms show that Trump paid an effective tax rate of 24.5 percent.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON (AP) — Longtime Trump adviser Roger Stone says he believes his contacts with a Russian-linked hacker who took credit for breaching the Democratic National Committee may have been obtained through a special warrant that allows the government to collect the communications of people suspected of being agents of a foreign nation.
Stone is among a handful of President Donald Trump’s associates who are under scrutiny for possible links to Russia during the presidential race. In a statement to The Associated Press, Stone said he’s retained two attorneys to explore whether he can compel the government to “either charge me or admit they have no case whatsoever.”
The FBI, as well as House and Senate committees, is investigating Russia’s interference in the 2016 election and possible contacts between Trump associates and Russians. The House Intelligence Committee announced Wednesday that FBI Director James Comey and Admiral Mike Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency, will testify in public hearings next week.
Trump has asked the congressional committees to also investigate his explosive claims that President Barack Obama wiretapped his New York skyscraper during the election. The Justice Department missed a Monday deadline to provide evidence to the House committee and now has until next Monday to respond.
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., said Wednesday that if Trump’s allegations, which were made on Twitter, are taken literally, then “clearly the president was wrong.”
In a joint news conference, Nunes and Rep. Adam Schiff, the committee’s top Democrat, each reiterated that they had seen no evidence that Trump Tower was wiretapped during the campaign. However, Nunes said that communications from Americans, including Trump, may have been picked up through ongoing surveillance of foreigners.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The government says more than 12 million people have signed up for coverage this year under former President Barack Obama’s health care law, even as the Republican-led Congress debates its repeal.
The official national figure of 12.2 million does not include an additional 765,000 people signed up under an option in the Obama-era law called the Basic Health Plan, which is used by two states, New York and Minnesota.
Traditionally, that figure has been reported separately because of differences in the type of health plan provided. But counting those enrollees as well, sign-ups approach 13 million people.
“This report is a reminder that while there’s a big debate in Washington about the future of the Affordable Care Act, the law remains in place for now and is covering millions of people,” said Larry Levitt of the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation. The report was issued by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, which also administers the ACA’s insurance markets.
Meanwhile, House Speaker Paul Ryan was stressing that President Donald Trump helped congressional Republicans write their beleaguered health care bill. His comments came as GOP leaders struggled to stem defections from conservatives and moderates just a week before he hopes to push the measure through the House, and days after congressional budget analysts said it would lead to 24 million more uninsured people in a decade.
The GOP bill – the American Health Care Act— would repeal major elements of Obama’s law, cap future federal spending on Medicaid for low-income people, and reverse tax increases on wealthy Americans used to finance coverage expansion.
Conservatives say the bill is an inadequately weak repeal of “Obamacare.” Party moderates say it will push too many constituents off coverage, including Obama’s expansion of Medicaid for more low-earning people and others who’ve bought insurance – often with federal subsidies – on government-run online marketplaces.
The latest government numbers on sign-ups fell short of the Obama administration’s target of 13.8 million for 2017. Moreover, they represent initial enrollment, and there’s usually significant attrition over the course of a year. Nonetheless, experts said the report undercuts Republican assertions that the health law’s insurance markets are teetering on the verge of collapse.
The market “remains fairly stable in 2017 compared to previous years,” said Caroline Pearson of the consulting firm Avalere Health.
The report also underscored the importance of the ACA’s financial assistance, a combination of tax credits to help pay premiums and reduced cost sharing for people with low incomes.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Obama administration in its final year in office spent a record $36.2 million on legal costs defending its refusal to turn over federal records under the Freedom of Information Act, according to an Associated Press analysis of new U.S. data that also showed poor performance in other categories measuring transparency in government.
For a second consecutive year, the Obama administration set a record for times federal employees told citizens, journalists and others that despite searching they couldn’t find a single page of files that were requested.
And it set records for outright denial of access to files, refusing to quickly consider requests described as especially newsworthy, and forcing people to pay for records who had asked the government to waive search and copy fees.
The government acknowledged when challenged that it had been wrong to initially refuse to turn over all or parts of records in more than one-third of such cases, the highest rate in at least six years.
In courtrooms, the number of lawsuits filed by news organizations under the Freedom of Information Act surged during the past four years, led by the New York Times, Center for Public Integrity and The Associated Press, according to a litigation study by the Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse at Syracuse University. The AP on Monday settled its 2015 lawsuit against the State Department for files about Hillary Clinton’s time as secretary of state, at AP’s request, and received $150,546 from the department to cover part of its legal fees.
The AP has pending lawsuits against the FBI for records about its decision to impersonate an AP journalist during a criminal investigation and about who helped the FBI hack into a mass shooting suspect’s iPhone and how much the government paid to do it.
Of the $36.2 million in legal costs fighting such lawsuits last year, the Justice Department accounted for $12 million, the Homeland Security Department for $6.3 million and the Pentagon for $4.8 million. The three departments accounted for more than half the government’s total records requests last year.
The figures reflect the final struggles of the Obama administration during the 2016 election to meet President Barack Obama’s pledge that it was “the most transparent administration in history,” despite wide recognition of serious problems coping with requests under the information law. It received a record 788,769 requests for files last year and spent a record $478 million answering them and employed 4,263 full-time FOIA employees across more than 100 federal departments and agencies. That was higher by 142 such employees the previous year.
A spokesman for former President Obama did not immediately respond to an email request for comment late Monday. The White House under Obama routinely defended its efforts under the information law in recent years and said federal employees worked diligently on such requests for records.
It remains unclear how President Donald Trump’s administration will perform under the Freedom of Information Act or other measures of government transparency. Trump has not spoken extensively about transparency. In his private business and his presidential campaign, Trump required employees and advisers to sign non-disclosure agreements that barred them from discussing their work. His administration has barred some mainstream news organizations from campaign rallies and one White House press briefing. And Trump broke with tradition by refusing to disclose his tax returns.
Overall, in the final year of Obama’s administration, people who asked for records last year under the law received censored files or nothing in 77 percent of requests, about the same as the previous year. In the first full year after Obama’s election, that figure was only 65 percent of cases. The government released the new figures in the days ahead of Sunshine Week, which ends Sunday, when news organizations promote open government and freedom of information.
Under the records law, citizens and foreigners can compel the U.S. government to turn over copies of federal records for zero or little cost. Anyone who seeks information through the law is generally supposed to get it unless disclosure would hurt national security, violate personal privacy or expose business secrets or confidential decision-making in certain areas.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Critics of GOP health care legislation got fresh ammunition from a report that estimates the bill would increase the ranks of the uninsured by 14 million people next year alone, and 24 million over a decade.
The findings from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office could make prospects for the legislation backed by President Donald Trump even tougher, with a few House and Senate conservatives already in open revolt and moderate Republicans queasy about big cuts to the Medicaid safety net for the poor.
But with the legislation headed for votes in the House Budget Committee within days and floor action next week, its supporters at the White House and on Capitol Hill showed no sign of retreat. Instead, they attacked the parts of the CBO report they didn’t like, while touting the more favorable findings, including smaller deficits from their bill and lower premiums over time.
“I’m pretty encouraged by it, it actually exceeded my expectations,” House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin said on Fox News Channel shortly after the report was released Monday evening.
Ryan said the CBO findings about millions losing coverage were to be expected, because the GOP legislation removes the penalty in former President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act aimed at coercing people into buying coverage.
The GOP legislation would use tax credits to help consumers buy health coverage, expand health savings accounts, phase out an expansion of Medicaid and cap that program for the future, end some requirements for health plans under Obama’s law, and scrap a number of taxes.
Ryan pointed to other CBO figures, including that the GOP bill reduces federal deficits by $337 billion over a decade, and begins to bring down insurance premiums by around 10 percent starting in 2020, though that comes only after premiums sharply rise in 2018 and 2019.
Democrats scoffed at Ryan’s positive take, calling the CBO analysis damning evidence that Republicans are interested only in giving hundreds of billions of dollars in tax breaks to the rich, which their bill would accomplish, while yanking health coverage from the poor.
“I hope they would pull the bill. It’s really the only decent thing to do,” House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said. “How can they look their constituents in the eye when they say to them ‘24 million of you will no longer have coverage.’”
At the White House, Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price rejected portions of the CBO’s findings, in comments that seemed to contradict Speaker Ryan.
“We believe that the plan that we’re putting in place is going to insure more individuals than currently are insured. So we think the CBO simply has it wrong,” Price said.
It was unclear exactly what impact the CBO news would have on the debate. Republicans were already planning to move forward with no Democratic votes, aiming for action by the full House next week and the Senate the week after that. Senate prospects look particularly dicey, given the GOP’s slim 52-48 majority and vociferous objections from several Republicans including Rand Paul of Kentucky and Tom Cotton of Arkansas.
Senators were just beginning to absorb the CBO findings Monday night. The approaching winter storm had delayed the arrival of House members to the Capitol.
All along Republican leaders have assumed that once it comes time to vote, few if any Republicans will dare vote “no” on the repeal and replacement of “Obamacare” that their party has been promising for seven years. They are relying on Trump’s popularity with conservative voters to close the deal, and Trump on Monday announced he would be traveling to Kentucky for a rally early next week.
But the Congressional Budget report seemed likely to increase some Republicans’ discomfort with their approach, especially those representing states that expanded Medicaid coverage under Obama’s law. Roughly 14 million fewer people would have Medicaid coverage over a decade as the GOP bill cuts $880 billion from the federal-state health program for the poor and disabled, the CBO said.
Trump pledged during the presidential campaign that he would not cut Medicaid, but the bill would violate that pledge, as well as fail to meet Trump’s stated goal of “insurance for everybody.”
The CBO report also undercuts a central argument that Trump and other Republicans have cited for swiftly rolling back Obama’s health care overhaul: that the health insurance markets created under the 2010 law are unstable and about to implode. The congressional experts said that largely would not be the case and the market for individual health insurance policies “would probably be stable in most areas either under current law or the (GOP) legislation.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump told Americans he’d do it all on health care: “insurance for everybody,” better coverage and lower consumer costs. By the reckoning of nonpartisan budget analysts at Congress, that’s not what will happen if the Republican bill he’s backing becomes law.
The Congressional Budget Office is respected for nonpartisan rigor in its estimates of the costs and impacts of legislation, but no projection is infallible – particularly when it comes to large, complex programs.
A look at how statements by Trump and his team compare with the CBO’s estimates:
TRUMP: “We’re going to have insurance for everybody. There was a philosophy in some circles that if you can’t pay for it, you don’t get it. That’s not going to happen with us.” – To The Washington Post, Jan. 15.
CBO: It estimates the bill would leave 14 million fewer people insured in the first year, 24 million fewer by 2026. One reason: higher premiums. As well, the requirement to obtain insurance would be gone. And Medicaid would change, with states pulling back on expanding eligibility for the program and with spending per enrollee capped.
TRUMP: People covered under the law “can expect to have great health care. It will be in a much simplified form. Much less expensive and much better ... lower numbers, much lower deductibles.”
CBO: It says cost-sharing payments in the individual market, including deductibles, “would tend to be higher than those anticipated under current law.” Cost-sharing subsidies would be repealed in 2020, “significantly increasing out-of-pocket costs for nongroup (private) insurance for many lower-income enrollees.”
TRUMP, at a Cabinet meeting Monday: “Obamacare, all of a sudden, the last couple of weeks, is getting a false rep that maybe it’s OK. It’s not OK, it’s a disaster and people understand that it’s failed and it’s imploding. And if we let it go for another year, it’ll totally implode.”
CBO: Not in the view of the budget experts. They described the market for individual policies under Barack Obama’s health care law as “stable.” They said it is likely to remain stable under the proposed GOP replacement legislation, too.
TOM PRICE, health and human services secretary: “I firmly believe that nobody will be worse off financially in the process that we’re going through.” – NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Sunday.
CBO: There are losers as well as winners, the analysts found. Generally, older people are bound to face higher costs because the legislation would let insurance companies charge them up to five times more for premiums than they charge young people. They can only be charged three times more now. The bottom line, the analysts say, would be “substantially reducing premiums for young adults and substantially raising premiums for older people.”
MICK MULVANEY, Trump’s budget director: “Actually I don’t think the costs will go up at all.” – ABC’s “This Week,” Sunday.
CBO: It estimates that some costs indeed will go up, at least for a few years. The analysts say average premiums in the private insurance market would rise in 2018 and 2019 by 15 percent to 20 percent, compared with current law, then start to come down. By 2026, average premiums could be 10 percent lower, compared with current law. One reason: insurers could eliminate a current requirement to offer plans that cover a set percentage of the cost of certain benefits.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Attorney General Jeff Sessions is promising his Justice Department will lead the charge in helping cities fight violent crime, and police chiefs are ready with their wish-lists.
More technology to trace guns after shootings. More grant money. More intelligence analysts to help dismantle gangs. More protective gear and equipment. As the head of one police officers’ union put it, “We need more of everything.”
But Sessions, who cut his teeth as a federal prosecutor in Mobile, Alabama, at the height of the drug war in the 1980s, has inherited a federal government that built itself to fight terrorism since 9/11 and, more recently, to combat cybercrime.
Since taking office, Sessions has spoken repeatedly about a spike in murders. He and President Donald Trump ordered the creation of a crime-fighting task force, bringing together the heads of the major law enforcement agencies. And they seem to be counting on tighter border security to stop a flow of drugs and reduce crime.
But they have yet to offer new money for crime-fighting, especially in the face of Trump’s plan to slash nonmilitary budgets. More clarity could come Thursday when the administration unveils its budget proposal. Sessions also has not said how federal law enforcement will be able to juggle priorities.
“He’ll find out very quickly that you can’t pull people off all these other things just to go do that,” said Robert Anderson, who was the FBI’s most senior criminal investigator until his retirement in 2015. Anderson joined the bureau in the 1990s, when combating violence and drugs was its top challenge. “Now he’s walking into a much different Justice Department and FBI.”
Kerry Sleeper, assistant director of the FBI office that works with local law enforcement, said that after decades of declines in violence, police chiefs are coming to grips with a new uptick and asking for federal help.
What they’d like to see:
• In Milwaukee, Police Chief Edward Flynn said he would like an expansion of the work done in that city by the Justice Department’s Violence Reduction Network. It teams officers with deputy U.S. marshals and agents with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and the Drug Enforcement Administration to target high-crime areas. “It’s encouraging to have an incoming administration take an interest in the spikes in violence in central cities,” he told The Associated Press.
• In Baltimore, which recorded 318 homicides last year, Police Commissioner Kevin Davis has said he would like federal agencies to double the number of agents assigned to cities experiencing spikes in violence.
• In Chicago, singled out by the White House for its surge in shootings, Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson has said he would welcome more agents and money for mentorship and after-school programs to help kids in violent neighborhoods and, in turn, reduce crime.
Other cities want help processing evidence, tracing guns and prosecuting drug traffickers and dealers as they combat heroin and opioid addiction.
More chiefs are asking the FBI for its help with intelligence-gathering to thwart crime, said Stephen Richardson, assistant director for the FBI’s criminal division.
Making violent crime a priority is a departure for a Justice Department that has viewed as more urgent the prevention of cyberattacks from foreign criminals, counterterrorism and the threat of homegrown violent extremism. And while local police say they want more help fighting violence, such a plan could put new pressure on Justice Department agencies already strapped for resources.
“Our budget’s been eroding,” Thomas Brandon, acting ATF director, told a congressional committee last week. The ranks of the agency’s special agents hit an eight-year low in fiscal year 2013 and have not grown dramatically since then.
Sessions’ focus fits his background. His career as a prosecutor began when there was bipartisan agreement in Washington that the best way to fight crime was with long, mandatory prison sentences. And he views today’s relatively low crime rates as a sign that those policies worked. Just last week, he underscored his priority telling the nation’s federal prosecutors they should use all available resources to take down the worst offenders.
In contrast, the Obama administration’s Justice Department focused its aid to local police on improving community relations.
The federal government has long played a role in fighting crime through grants and partnerships. Agents assigned to field offices work with local police to share intelligence on gangs and shootings, hunt fugitives and probe bank robberies. Constance Hester-Davis, special agent in charge of the ATF’s field division in New Orleans, said her agents routinely work alongside local counterparts, even attending community meetings.
“At the end of the day, crime is a state and local concern,” said Chuck Wexler, executive director of the Police Executive Research Forum, a law enforcement think tank. “However, what police chiefs say is the federal government does have a responsibility, particularly when they prosecute.”
Such cooperation can work. Oakland, California, police saw killings fall from 126 in 2012 to 85 in 2016, two years after FBI agents were embedded in the homicide unit. Ten agents now share an office with Oakland detectives, offering help gathering evidence, collecting DNA, chasing leads and bringing federal prosecutions that carry longer sentences in far-away prisons. Detectives solved at least 60 percent of their cases last year, compared to about 30 percent in 2010, said Russell Nimmo, FBI supervisory special agent on the Oakland Safe Streets Task Force.
“It’s very complementary to what our mission is,” Nimmo said. “We’re a big organization. The challenge for our leadership is determining how many resources to allocate to each of those competing priorities.”
Richardson, who formed the first FBI task force in Louisiana to combat violent criminals, said the new focus will mean shifting resources in ways that are yet to be seen. The FBI is finalizing a strategy to “surge” resources, including agents, in certain cities this summer.
“We won’t be able to do all the cities we’d like to at once,” Richardson said. “I firmly believe it will make a difference.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Rod Rosenstein, the pick for the No. 2 position at the Justice Department, said Tuesday that he was not aware of any requirement that he recuse himself from a federal investigation into Russian interference in the presidential election.
But he said he was open to appointing a special counsel to look into the matter if he ultimately determined it appropriate.
Rosenstein, the longtime United States attorney for Maryland and nominee for deputy attorney general, appeared before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday for a confirmation hearing that focused largely on how he would oversee any probe involving the Trump campaign and Russian meddling.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself last week from any investigations touching the Trump campaign following revelations of his undisclosed contacts with the Russian ambassador. That move means the Russia inquiry would be under Rosenstein’s watch.
Under questioning from senators, Rosenstein would not commit to recusing himself. He said he was not familiar with the facts of any investigation and was unaware of any requirement that he abandon oversight. But he said he would recuse if it was necessary.
Democrats have demanded that Rosenstein, who as deputy attorney general would have day-to-day oversight of Justice Department operations, step aside.
“I will use every possible tool to block the nomination of Rod Rosenstein to be deputy attorney general unless he commits to appoint independent special prosecutor,” Sen. Richard Blumenthal, a Connecticut Democrat and Judiciary Committee member, said in a statement.
Appearing on CNN’s “New Day” program Tuesday, Blumenthal said in advance of the hearing that he would confront Rosenstein about whether he’d be willing to seek a special prosecutor. “I’m going to put it to him very directly that he has an obligation as the deputy, that only he can do it,” the senator said, “so it falls to him.”
Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California, the committee’s top Democrat, added: “We need steel spines, not weak knees, when it comes to political independence in the Department of Justice.”
But committee chairman, Charles Grassley of Iowa, said such calls were premature and that the appointment of a special counsel was not the best way to ensure transparency.
“There is no mandatory public report or other finding at the end of the investigation if no charges are filed. The investigations can just disappear without the public ever understanding what the facts were,” Grassley said in his prepared remarks.
Rosenstein was appointed U.S. attorney for Maryland in the George W. Bush administration and served in the job for the entire Obama administration.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The House Republicans’ health care bill adds up to big tax cuts for the rich.
The bill would cut more than 20 taxes enacted under President Barack Obama’s heath law, saving taxpayers nearly $600 billion over the next decade. The bulk of the money would go to the wealthiest Americans.
Low- and moderate-income families would lose their subsidies to buy health insurance in state and federal marketplaces. The subsidies would be replaced by tax credits to help them buy insurance.
Official estimates for how these people would fare under the bill have not been made public, even as House committees move ahead with the legislation.
The new health bill was released this week as congressional Republicans try to make good on campaign promises to repeal and replace Obama’s health law. House GOP leaders say they want to give consumers more access to affordable health care with less government interference.
The effort, however, has been criticized by both the left and the right. Democrats argue that fewer people will have health insurance while some conservatives are calling the plan, “Obamacare Lite.”
The biggest tax cut would eliminate a 3.8 percent tax on investment income for high-income individuals and families. Eliminating the tax would save these taxpayers $158 billion over the next decade, according the non-partisan Committee on Taxation, the official scorekeeper for Congress.
About 90 percent of the benefit from repealing the tax would go to the top 1 percent of earners, who make $700,000 or more, according to the non-partisan Tax Policy Center.
Another big tax cut would repeal an extra 0.9 percent Medicare tax on wages above $200,000 for individuals and $250,000 for married couples. Repealing the tax would save higher income families $117 billion over the next decade.
Rep. Kevin Brady, chairman of the tax-writing Ways and Means Committee, said the Obamacare taxes hurt consumers, businesses and economic growth.
“They hurt the economy. They hurt health care. They achieve nothing,” the Texas Republican said at a news conference. “I don’t want Americans to continue to struggle under the Obamacare taxes.”
Despite the lost tax revenue, Brady said the overall bill would not add to long-term budget deficits. However, no official estimates have been released.
“This bill sends a loud and clear message: Tax cuts for special interests and the wealthy matter more than your health care,” said Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon, the top Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee.
The bill would not repeal Obamacare’s “Cadillac” tax on high-cost health insurance plans. Instead, it would delay the tax until 2025. The tax has already been delayed once, until 2020.
This tax would hit many middle-income families, according to the Tax Policy Center. Delaying it by five years would save taxpayers $49 billion.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A few weeks ago, when President Donald Trump signed a directive clearing several hurdles out of the way of the proposed Keystone XL pipeline, the White House touted a new requirement – that the oil pipeline be made only with American-produced steel.
Never mind.
The requirement to use domestic steel posed a potential conflict between the administration’s populist agenda and its pro-business stance. Apparently, business won.
A White House spokeswoman said Friday that Keystone would be exempt from the buy-America requirement because the pipeline was already partially built. “The way that executive order is written,” said White House deputy press secretary Sarah Sanders, “it’s specific to new pipelines or those that are being repaired.
“Since this one is already currently under construction, the steel is already literally sitting there; it would be hard to go back,” Sanders told reporters traveling with Trump on Air Force One en route to Florida.
That’s not the way Trump described the requirement in his public statements. In a speech Feb. 24 at the Conservative Political Action Conference in Maryland, the president said he had personally come up with the buy-America idea while signing off on the Keystone project.
“We have authorized the construction … of the Keystone and Dakota Access pipelines,” he said. “This took place while I was getting ready to sign. I said, ‘Who makes the pipes for the pipeline?’
“‘Well, sir, it comes from all over the world, isn’t that wonderful?’
“I said, ‘Nope, it comes from the United States, or we’re not building one.’ American steel. If they want a pipeline in the United States, they’re going to use pipe that’s made in the United States.”
The 1,179-mile pipeline would cross the Canadian border and six states, carrying oil from the tar sands region of Alberta to Nebraska. From there the oil would travel to refineries on the Gulf Coast.
About half the steel used to build the pipeline is to come from a plant in Arkansas, said the pipeline builder, TransCanada. Imported steel will make up the rest.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration’s plan for putting hundreds of thousands of recent migrants in the country illegally onto a fast track for deportation is likely to trigger the next major legal battle over immigration enforcement.
Judges have put on hold the president’s temporary ban on travel to the U.S. from seven Muslim-majority countries. That executive order, as originally proposed, could have affected tens of thousands of travelers and U.S. visa holders.
But the administration’s efforts to step up immigration enforcement and streamline deportation – outlined in memos from Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly – could affect far more people, including potentially most of the estimated 11 million immigrants living illegally in the United States.
One part of that effort – the expanded use of what the law refers to as expedited removal – is almost certain to face a constitutional challenge in the courts.
Until now, this fast-track process has been used to hold and quickly send back migrants who were picked up within days of having crossed the border. The legal justification has been that those people, having just entered the country illegally, had no legal rights, except perhaps to request asylum from persecution in their home country.
Noncitizens living in the country illegally can be arrested and held for deportation, but they have had a right to a full hearing before an immigration judge before they can be removed from the U.S. At such a hearing, they may rely on the help of a lawyer and can argue they have family and work ties here. If a ruling goes against them, they may appeal in the immigration courts and in federal court. The process typically takes years.
In his Feb. 20 memo, however, Kelly complained the immigration courts were clogged and the removal process was too cumbersome, and he called for a new approach.
“The surge of illegal immigration at the southern border has overwhelmed” the system, he said. “There are more than 534,000 cases currently pending on immigration courts dockets nationwide – a record high.” In some areas, he said, it takes “as long as five years” for a case to be heard by an immigration judge.
To speed up deportations, Kelly proposed to use expedited removal, with no hearings before a judge, for those immigrants who cannot prove they “have been continuously present in the United States for a two-year period” prior to their arrest. The new procedures would not be limited to border areas and could be used to deport immigrants living in the interior of the country.
Kelly said the law since 1996 has authorized the government to “remove aliens expeditiously,” and he said his agents “shall make full use of these authorities.”
Immigrants rights advocates voiced alarm. The American Immigration Council said this approach means a Homeland Security agent “operates as prosecutor and judge and often arrests an individual and orders him or her deported on the same day. With limited exceptions, the government takes the position that noncitizens subject to expedited removal have no right to appeal.”
Civil liberties lawyers also call that proposal unconstitutional, and they expect to sue if the Trump administration puts the new policy into effect.
“We believe ‘expedited removal’ fails to afford a meaningful opportunity to defend oneself, and that, whatever its validity when employed at the border, it would be unconstitutional as applied to those living among us who are entitled to full due process protection,” said David D. Cole, national legal director for the American Civil Liberties Union.
The Supreme Court has repeatedly said that immigrants, even those who are here illegally, are protected by the Constitution’s guarantee of due process of law.
The justices cite the Fifth Amendment, which says, “No person shall be … deprived of life, liberty or property, without due process of law.” Because the language refers to “no person,” not to “no citizen,” its protections cover “even one whose presence in this country is unlawful, involuntary or transitory,” the court said unanimously in 1976.
But how much process is due for immigrants who entered illegally or overstayed their visas remains “a gray area,” said UCLA law professor Hiroshi Motomura.
“It’s possible that a court might find that a full immigration court hearing isn’t constitutionally required,” he said. But it is also possible “that a single field agent making the decision is constitutionally deficient.”
Jessica Vaughan, policy director for the Center for Immigration Studies, which advocates for reducing the level of immigration to the U.S., said the Trump administration is simply following the law.
“Expedited removal is a form of due process provided by Congress,” she said. People who did not enter the country legally “have no plausible claim to be able to stay. It doesn’t make sense to let them prolong their stay by asking for a court date.”
But Peter Margulies, who teaches immigration law at Roger Williams University in Rhode Island, said due process of law usually refers to the right to a hearing. An immigrant who is arrested “should get a fair chance to present her case. And that means an adversarial hearing before an immigration judge,” he said. “The expanded expedited removal contemplated by the DHS memo is a recipe for runaway discretion.”
Still, he said he was not confident the Supreme Court would see it that way. “This could be a 4-4 split, and it will be up to Justice (Anthony M.) Kennedy,” he said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Key members of Congress say they will honor President Donald Trump’s request to investigate his unsubstantiated claim that Barack Obama overstepped his authority as president and had Trump’s telephones tapped during the election campaign. A U.S. official said the FBI has asked the Justice Department to dispute Trump’s allegation, though no such statement has been issued.
Obama’s intelligence director also said no such action was ever carried out.
Trump’s startling claim of presidential abuse of power, made without evidence in a series of tweets early Saturday, capped a week in which the positive reaction to his address to Congress quickly evaporated amid the swirl of allegations – and revelations – about contacts between Trump aides and Russia’s ambassador to the U.S., both during and after a presidential election Russia is believed to have meddled in.
Trump is said to be frustrated by his senior advisers’ inability to tamp down the Russia issue. Compounding the situation was the revelation last week that former U.S. senator and now Attorney General Jeff Sessions, an early Trump campaign supporter, had met twice with the Russian official but didn’t disclose that to lawmakers when he was asked about it during his Senate confirmation hearing.
Separately, an Indiana newspaper reported that Vice President Mike Pence used personal email to conduct state business when he was governor of Indiana. The revelation recalled the use of personal email by Trump’s 2016 opponent, Hillary Clinton, when she was secretary of state. The issue dogged Clinton for most of the presidential campaign.
“It’s sort of like getting nibbled to death by ducks,” said Rutgers political science professor Ross Baker.
The House and Senate intelligence committees, and the FBI, are investigating the contacts, and Trump demanded Sunday that they broaden the scope of their inquiries into Russian meddling in the 2016 election to include Obama’s potential abuse of his executive powers.
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr, R-N.C., said in a statement that the panel “will follow the evidence where it leads, and we will continue to be guided by the intelligence and facts as we compile our findings.”
Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, said in a statement that the committee “will make inquiries into whether the government was conducting surveillance activities on any political party’s campaign officials or surrogates.”
Trump’s request carries some risk, particularly if the committees unearth damaging information about him or his associates. Committee Democrats will have access to the information and could wield anything negative against the president. Asking Congress to conduct a much broader investigation than originally envisioned also ensures the Russia issue will hang over the White House for months.
Trump claimed in a series of unsubstantiated tweets Saturday that his predecessor had tried to undermine him by tapping the telephones at Trump Tower, the New York skyscraper where Trump based his campaign and transition operations, and maintains a home.
Obama’s director of national intelligence, James Clapper, said nothing matching Trump’s claims had taken place.
“Absolutely, I can deny it,” said Clapper, who left government when Trump took office. Other Obama representatives also denied Trump’s allegation, which the FBI has asked the Justice Department to dispute, a U.S. official told The Associated Press on Sunday. The official wasn’t authorized to discuss the request by name and spoke on condition of anonymity.
The department, however, has issued no such statement. DOJ spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores declined to comment Sunday, and an FBI spokesman also did not comment.
The New York Times reported that senior American officials say FBI Director James Comey has argued that the Justice Department must correct the claim because it falsely insinuates that the FBI broke the law.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Trump’s instruction to Congress was based on “very troubling” reports “concerning potentially politically motivated investigations immediately ahead of the 2016 election.” He did not elaborate.
Spicer said the White House wants the congressional committees to “exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016.” He said there would be no further comment until the investigations are completed.
Spicer’s chief deputy, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, said she thinks Trump is “going off of information that he’s seen that has led him to believe that this is a very real potential.”
Josh Earnest, who was Obama’s White House press secretary, said presidents do not have authority to unilaterally order the wiretapping of American citizens, as Trump has alleged was done to him. FBI investigators and Justice Department officials must seek approval from a federal judge for such a step. Earnest accused Trump of leveling the allegation to distract from the attention being given to the Russia issue.
Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee said they will ask the White House for details about reports of contacts between the White House and the Justice Department concerning the FBI’s review of whether the Russian government unlawfully influenced the U.S. presidential election.
Trump said in the tweets that he had “just found out” about being wiretapped. Unclear was whether he was referring to having learned through a briefing, a conversation or a media report. The president in the past has tweeted about unsubstantiated and provocative reports he reads on blogs or conservative websites.
The tweets stood out, given the gravity of the charge and the sharp personal attack on the former president. Trump spoke as recently as last month about how much he likes Obama and how much they get along, despite their differences.
“How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!” he tweeted, misspelling ‘tap.’
Obama spokesman Kevin Lewis said a “cardinal rule” of the Obama administration was not to interfere in Justice Department investigations. Lewis said neither Obama nor any White House official had ever ordered surveillance on any U.S. citizen. “Any suggestion otherwise is simply false,” Lewis said.
Clapper appeared on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” and Sanders and Earnest were on ABC’s “This Week.”



ARTICLE
NEW YORK — When White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer wanted to crack down on leaks last week, he collected his aides’ cell phones to check for communication with reporters. The crackdown quickly leaked.
Spicer’s losing round in Washington’s perpetual game of information whack-a-mole was hardly a surprise. In trying to plug leaks from anonymous sources, President Donald Trump and his aides are going after one of the most entrenched practices in Washington politics and journalism, an exercise that has exposed corruption, fueled scandals and spread gossip for decades.
But the practice has created several headaches for the new president, leading Trump, just weeks into his presidency, to publicly vow to try to punish “low-life leakers” in his own administration.
“Let their name be put out there,’ Trump said before the Conservative Political Action Conference on Friday, accusing reporters of making up anonymous sources and stories. He declared reporters shouldn’t be allowed to use sources “unless they use somebody’s name.”
“‘A source says that Donald Trump is a horrible, horrible human being.’ Let ‘em say it to my face.”
But Trump’s administration has not been practicing what the boss preached. Despite the president’s anger about unnamed sources, White House budget officials insisted on anonymity Monday as they outlined details of Trump’s spending plans to reporters on a conference call. The budget officials ignored requests to put the briefing on the record.
Several anonymously sourced stories have driven Trump coverage: revelations that former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn had lied about conversations with Russians about sanctions; details of private phone calls Trump had with leaders of Australia and Mexico; draft memos of policy plans for actions like rounding up undocumented aliens.
Trump isn’t the first president to be frustrated by leaks.
From the release of the Pentagon Papers on Vietnam policy, the Watergate scandal that brought down President Richard Nixon to Edward Snowden’s data dump of national security files, American history is filled with stories of government misconduct that came to light through information passed privately into the hands of journalists.
“Leaking is gigantically important in modern presidential coverage and Washington history,” said Frank Sesno, a former CNN Washington bureau chief and now a journalism professor at George Washington University.



ARTICLE
(HAS TRIM)
WASHINGTON — Congressional Democrats have little sway over who the next chairman of the Democratic National Committee will be. But the eventual winner — to be elected by DNC members this weekend in Atlanta — may play an important role in shaping the direction of a party that desperately needs help articulating its message and organizing ahead of the 2018 midterms.
“Right about now, they do nothing with the Congress. So anything would be an improvement,” Michigan Rep. Debbie Dingell, a former DNC member, said of the committee last week, outside the House chamber.
Many Democrats just want to move beyond what’s often felt like an extension of the 2016 presidential primary.
“Whoever gets elected has to first make sure that it isn’t another schism in this party,” Dingell said. “And after we get through with that, then they need to be smart about how to use all the talent that’s here on both sides of the Capitol.”
Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison has racked up the most congressional endorsements. But that won’t necessarily translate into victory on Feb. 25 since members of Congress don’t vote. The victor needs a majority of DNC members, and it’s expected to take multiple ballots for any of the remaining candidates to secure the necessary 224 of 447 votes.
Not since 2005 has there been an open race for the chairmanship. Typically a Democratic president selects the chairman. But with Democrats completely out of power at the federal level — and the party losing its grip at the state level — there’s a renewed focus on the position this year.
“(It’s) the titular head of the party, absent having a president right now,” said New York Rep. Joseph Crowley, chairman of the House Democratic Caucus.
Not all members see much at stake in the DNC election. “I’m not even tracking it,” said Minnesota Rep. Collin C. Peterson, shaking his head when asked if he’d make an endorsement. For the 14-term Blue Dog, likely the only Democrat who can hold his agricultural district, steering clear of national party politics makes sense.
But for the Democratic caucus at large, the need to organize is particularly acute.
“This is a time when the Democratic Party is looking for new leadership, and if a strong DNC chair gets elected who’s going to provide that and show us a pathway to winning back so many of these seats that we’ve lost in the House, then we’ll be in better shape,” Massachusetts Rep. Seth Moulton said.
Democrats gained a net of just six House seats in 2016 — an impressive feat by historical standards while losing the White House — but well below expectations set by their own leaders. Frustrated members directed their ire at the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee after the elections.
But just as Democrats are eager to move beyond what many see as a DNC proxy war between the establishment and progressive wings of the party, House Democrats want to transcend what’s often sounded like a dichotomous postelection debate about who their base should be — well-educated urbanites or blue-collar workers.
To get there, some members expressed an interest in seeing the new chairman prioritize operations and decentralize messaging. Being a mouthpiece on cable TV shouldn’t be the chairman’s primary role, they said.
“It is part of the job,” Dingell said. “But we’ve got strong leaders here and I think the grass roots wants to hear from other people.”
Rep. Kathleen Rice of New York, one of the most outspoken critics of party leadership in the House, agreed that the new chairman should worry less about being the voice of the entire party.
“That might have been some of the problems in the past,” she said.
Rice wants the new chairman to build party infrastructure from the ground up. “Republicans had it right,” she said, recognizing the GOP’s dominance at the state legislative level across the country.
“New York State, for instance. We have a statewide Democratic Party. It serves one person: the governor. And I don’t think that New York is alone in that,” she added.
Fellow New York Democrat Grace Meng, who’s running for re-election as a DNC vice chairwoman, agreed that the committee should focus on building up the party’s bench. She’s interested in fostering better connections between Democrats in the states and Democrats in Congress.
“Our DNC members and their state parties in rural areas would love to be able to connect and hear from them,” she said. “They’re so hungry for attention.”
(EDITORS: STORY CAN END HERE)
The DNC has traditionally invested in state parties, while allowing the congressional campaign committees to operate in their own spheres.
In an interview outside the House chamber last week, DCCC Chairman Ben Ray Luján said he’d like to see more collaboration between Senate, House, gubernatorial and state legislative campaigns in the same states.
Democratic strategist Martha McKenna, a former DSCC political director now working for South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg’s campaign for chairman, agreed, saying, “We have to leverage the resources and the talent at each of these committees in order to win tough races.”
“It doesn’t benefit Democratic congressional candidates if these committees are siloed,” she said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON (AP) — Conservatives are praising the Trump administration’s rollback of public school bathroom requirements for transgender students, saying the move corrects a legal overreach by the Obama administration that is best left for states to decide. Transgender rights advocates, meanwhile, are vowing to overcome a major setback.
“We’re not discouraged. And we’re going to keep fighting like we have been and keep fighting for the right thing,” said Gavin Grimm, a transgender teen who sued his Virginia high school over its bathroom access policy and whose case is set to be heard by the Supreme Court next month.
The Justice and Education departments said Wednesday that public schools no longer need to abide by the Obama-era directive instructing them to allow transgender students to use bathrooms and locker rooms of their chosen gender. That guidance, issued in May, led to a spate of lawsuits over how it should be applied, according to a letter from the departments being sent to schools nationwide.
The agencies said they withdrew the guidance to “in order to further and more completely consider the legal issues involved.”
Anti-bullying safeguards for students will not be affected by the change, according to the letter. But advocates of protections for transgender teens said the overall rollback sends “a message that something is wrong with them, which is harmful,” said Nancy Haque, co-executive director of Basic Rights Oregon.
Grimm’s case also could be in jeopardy with the guidance now lifted. The high court could decide not to hear it and direct lower courts to settle that issue instead.
There won’t be any immediate impact on schools, because the Obama guidance had been temporarily blocked since August by a federal judge in Texas, one of 13 states that sued over the directive. And schools remain free to provide the same treatment to students even without guidance.
The earlier guidance was based on the Obama administration’s determination that federal sex discrimination law known as Title IX, applies to gender identity. It will now be up to states and school districts to decide the issue of bathroom access.
The Obama guidance did not sufficiently explain its interpretation of that law, Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in a statement.
“Congress, state legislatures and local governments are in a position to adopt appropriate policies or laws addressing this issue,” Sessions said, adding that the department is still committed to protecting students from bullying.
“This is an issue best solved at the state and local level,” Education Secretary Betsy DeVos added. “Schools, communities and families can find — and in many cases have found — solutions that protect all students.”
Earlier Wednesday, White House spokesman Sean Spicer denied media reports that DeVos, who has been criticized for her stance on LGBT issues, had opposed the change but was overruled by Sessions. Spicer said any disagreement was merely over wording and timing.
“There is no daylight between anybody,” Spicer said, adding that DeVos was “100 percent” on board with the decision.
Conservative activists who saw it as the Obama administration meddling in local matters praised the change. Wisconsin state Rep. Jesse Kremer said he was pleased by the change but still intends to re-introduce a bill to force public school students to use bathrooms that correspond with their birth gender.
“No longer will federal officials distort federal law that is meant to equalize educational opportunities for women, and no longer will they force local officials to intermingle boys and girls within private areas like locker rooms, showers, hotel rooms on school trips and restrooms,” said Gary McCaleb, senior counsel for the conservative legal group Alliance Defending Freedom.
However, the reversal is a setback for transgender rights groups, which had been urging Trump to keep the guidelines in place. Advocates say federal law will still prohibit discrimination against students based on their gender or sexual orientation. But, they said, lifting the guidance puts children in harm’s way.
“The mother lions in this country are not going to let anything go backward in transgender equality because it’s been very hard fought,” said Linda Fishbaugh, the mother of a transgender New Hampshire teenager.
A patchwork of state laws could continue to emerge as a result of the change. Fifteen states have explicit protections for transgender students in their state laws, and many individual school districts in other states have adopted policies that cover such students on the basis of their gender identity, said Sarah Warbelow, legal director of the Human Rights Campaign. Just one state, North Carolina, has enacted a law restricting access to bathrooms in government-owned buildings to the sex that appears on a person’s birth certificate. Lawmakers in more than 10 states are considering similar legislation, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures.
--
Associated Press writers Ben Finley in Norfolk, Virginia, Todd Richmond in Madison, Wisconsin, and Steven Dubois in Portland, Oregon, contributed to this report.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — As Republican lawmakers face questions from constituents and colleagues about their plans to repeal and replace the 2010 health care law, there are few answers available, starting with what kind of legislation can pass the Senate.
Republicans do not need Democratic support to undo much of the law, since they will move the legislation through the budget reconciliation process that only requires majority support in the Senate. But with only 52 Republican senators, the GOP plan will have to get support from both their conservatives and moderates, and it’s not clear what can get everyone onboard.
“We made a promise to the voters that we would repeal and replace Obamacare, and we’ve got to keep that promise,” said Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn, when asked how Republicans will keep their caucus together.
“So that’s going to, I think, be what forces everybody to make a decision,” the Texas Republican said.
Congressional staffers are working on legislation this week, and consulting with the Senate parliamentarian, to make sure the ideas pass the chamber’s reconciliation rules.
Lawmakers face pressure, though, from constituents as well as insurance companies, which must decide whether to participate in the exchanges created by the health care law. So they are looking to move quickly.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan told reporters the repeal and replace measure will be introduced after the Presidents Day recess.
Asked if that meant the week of Feb. 27, the Wisconsin Republican demurred, saying they were waiting on cost estimates from the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation.
Ryan did not outline a time frame for committee markups or floor action. Texas Republican Rep. Bill Flores said committees will begin marking up the reconciliation legislation the week of Feb. 27, with floor action expected in April.
Sen. Lamar Alexander, chairman of the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, said last week he had spoken with Ryan and expects the House to move on the legislation in early March.
“There will be several more steps before we have a final piece of legislation,” the Tennessee Republican told reporters. He added that the bill will include input from senators and the Trump administration.
President Donald Trump signaled at a Florida rally last Saturday that his administration may unveil its own plan in “a couple of weeks.”
House lawmakers have an outline for their plan, which was presented at the GOP conference meeting last week. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and Ryan met with GOP senators last week as well, but those senators are waiting for details.
“It’s very difficult to assess a plan when we don’t know what’s in it,” said Maine’s Susan Collins.
Senate Finance Chairman Orrin G. Hatch of Utah drew on a sports analogy, characterizing the process as being in “the middle of the first half.”
Alexander said Congress must legislate this year to stabilize the insurance market. But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell did not commit to taking it up this year, saying at a recent press conference that the chamber will act “just as soon as we have the votes.”
Another Senate obstacle could be over Planned Parenthood.
Ryan has said the House proposal will strip funding for the women’s health organization, but moderates such as Collins have pushed back.
Lawmakers are also wrestling with how to address the 31 states and the District of Columbia that have expanded Medicaid under the health care law.
The House GOP blueprint would phase out reimbursements for states that expanded Medicaid, but it doesn’t delineate how the program would be funded long-term. One proposal centers on so-called per capita caps, which would allot funds for each enrollee in a state.



ARTICLE
UNITED NATIONS — The U.N. Security Council strongly condemned North Korea late Monday over its latest ballistic missile launches and warned of “further significant measures” if Pyongyang doesn’t stop nuclear and missile testing.
A council statement agreed to by all 15 members followed strong condemnation by Secretary-General Antonio Guterres of the latest launch and U.S. President Donald Trump’s pledge to deal with North Korea “very strongly.”
The Security Council condemned Saturday’s launch and a previous test Oct. 19, saying North Korea’s activities to develop its nuclear weapons delivery systems violate U.N. sanctions and increase tensions. It called on all U.N. members “to redouble their efforts” to implement U.N. sanctions.
North Korea has repeatedly flouted six Security Council resolutions demanding an end to its nuclear and ballistic missile activities and imposing increasing tougher sanctions.
The latest missile test is seen as an implicit challenge to Trump, who has vowed a tough line on North Korea but has yet to release a strategy for dealing with a country whose nuclear ambitions have bedeviled U.S. leaders for decades.
“North Korea is a big, big problem and we will deal with that very strongly,” Trump said at a joint news conference Monday with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
Nikki Haley, his U.N. ambassador, said in a statement later: “We call on all members of the Security Council to use every available resource to make it clear to the North Korean regime – and its enablers – that these launches are unacceptable.”
“It is time to hold North Korea accountable – not with our words, but with our actions,” she said.
There was no indication of what “actions” the Trump administration has in mind, and Ukraine’s U.N. ambassador, Volodymyr Yelchenko, the current council president, and Japanese Ambassador Koro Bessho wouldn’t comment on possible “further significant measures.”
Those same words were used in the last Security Council statement on the unsuccessful Oct. 17 missile test by North Korea. That was followed by the latest sanctions resolution Nov. 30 targeting North Korea’s hard currency revenues by placing a cap on coal exports, cutting them by at least 62 percent or by an estimated $800 million.
The council statement issued Monday was almost exactly the same as the one adopted Oct. 17 – a practice that makes it much easier for members to reach quick agreement.
Guterres called the latest launch “a further troubling violation” of council resolutions and urged North Korea to comply with its international obligations, U.N. deputy spokesman Farhan Haq said.
“The secretary-general appeals to the international community to continue to address this situation in a united manner,” Haq said.
The United States, Japan and South Korea requested the urgent Security Council meeting.
Japan’s Bessho told reporters the key is implementing sanctions to get North Korea to change course.
“I think we need to keep pushing because we’re not looking for a military solution,” he said. “We have to have a peaceful solution, and the Security Council ... is the body that is most suited for that role.”
Monday’s council statement stressed “the importance of maintaining peace and stability on the Korean peninsula and in northeast Asia at large” and expressed members’ “commitment to a peaceful, diplomatic and political solution to the situation.”
South Korea earlier condemned what it called “serious military and security threats” and predicted more such tests. Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, who is also the acting president, said his country would punish North Korea for the missile launch.
In previous Security Council actions on North Korea, the United States and China, a neighbor and ally of Pyongyang, have been the key negotiators.
China said Monday that the root cause of North Korean missile launches is friction with the United States and South Korea. Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said China opposed the launch.
North Korea already has a variety of land-based missiles that can hit South Korea and Japan, including U.S. military bases in those countries. It has also successfully tested a submarine-launched missile and development of such missiles would add a weapon that is harder to detect before launch.
North Korea’s Central News Agency said the country’s leader, Kim Jong Un, was at the launch site to observe Sunday’s test and expressed pleasure at the North’s expansion of its strategic strike capabilities. The report early Monday said Kim gave the order to fire the “Pukguksong-2,” which the agency said was a “Korean style new type strategic weapon system.”
It is believed to have flown about 500 kilometers before splashing down into the ocean in international waters.
The report said the test proved “the reliability and security” of a new mobile launching system, the solid fuel that was used, and the guidance and control features of the ballistic missile. Solid fuel can give missiles longer range and make detecting them before launch more difficult because they can be readied faster than liquid fuel missiles.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Six departing U.S. ambassadors in Asia including Caroline Kennedy urged Congress to pass the Trans-Pacific Partnership “before the window for doing so closes,” saying that a failure to adopt the free-trade deal would cede leadership to China in the region and hurt American workers.
“Walking away from TPP may be seen by future generations as the moment America chose to cede leadership to others in this part of the world and accept a diminished role,” the ambassadors wrote in the letter obtained by Bloomberg News. “Such an outcome would be cause for celebration among those who favor ‘Asia for the Asians’ and state capitalism.”
The letter was a last-ditch and largely symbolic plea from the diplomats for lawmakers to buck sentiment aired during the presidential election that the 12-nation pact, which once had strong support and seemed destined for passage, was bad for the U.S. economy. During the campaign, Donald Trump called the deal bad for the U.S and vowed to walk away from it on his first day in office. His Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton abandoned it as well.
The letter was signed by six ambassadors to the region: former Sen. Max Baucus, the ambassador to China; Kennedy, the U.S. ambassador to Japan; and the top U.S. diplomats in Singapore, Korea, New Zealand and at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations. Baucus’s successor has already been announced and the rest, political appointees named by President Barack Obama, will all be replaced after Trump takes office.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON (AP) –– Senators signaled Sunday that President-elect Donald Trump’s leading candidate for secretary of state, Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson, could have trouble winning confirmation because of his ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin.
“Being a ‘friend of Vladimir’ is not an attribute I am hoping for,” Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., posed on Twitter. Rubio is a member of the Foreign Relations Committee, which will consider Trump’s eventual nominee for secretary of state.
Criticism from Republicans such as Rubio and Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., and key Democrats, suggests that nominating Tillerson could become a messy distraction for Trump. It also would become a proxy fight over Trump’s position that Putin is an effective leader with whom he can reach agreements, a stance widely unpopular among lawmakers in both parties.
Tillerson’s ties to Putin date to 1999, when they met on Sakhalin Island in Russia’s Far East.



ARTICLE
NEW YORK — The top Senate Republican said Monday that Congress will investigate a CIA assessment that Russia interfered in the November election on behalf of Donald Trump, an intelligence conclusion that the incoming commander in chief has called “ridiculous.”
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters that an inquiry would be conducted by the Senate intelligence panel. Two key Senate Republicans – John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, a leading Trump critic – have joined with two Democrats in seeking a bipartisan investigation into the Kremlin’s activities during the election.
“Obviously any foreign breach of our cybersecurity measures is disturbing, and I strongly condemn any such efforts,” McConnell said.
Unlike Trump, who has expressed admiration for Russian leader Vladimir Putin, McConnell said flatly, “The Russians are not our friends.”
The CIA recently concluded with “high confidence” that Russia sought to influence the U.S. election on behalf of Trump, raising red flags among lawmakers concerned about the sanctity of the U.S. voting system and potentially straining relations at the start of Trump’s administration.
Trump said Sunday the recent CIA assertion that Russian hacking had sought to help his candidacy was “ridiculous,” and he praised ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson, who has emerged as the leading contender to lead the State Department.
Russia expects to figure prominently at the start of a week in which Trump is expected to name more members of his Cabinet, which also has vacancies in the departments of Energy, Agriculture and Veterans Affairs.
Trump’s transition team announced Monday that his choice to head the Department of Homeland Security is, as expected, Gen. John Kelly. Kelly is a former commander of U.S. Southern Command with “unique insight into some of the challenges the United States faces at its southern border,” the announcement said.
“It’s a matter of concern to me that he has such a close personal relationship with Vladimir Putin,” McCain said of Tillerson. “And obviously they’ve done enormous deals together.” In an interview with CBS’ “Face the Nation,” McCain said, “That would color his approach to Vladimir Putin and the Russian threat.”
Russia expects to figure prominently at the start of a week in which Trump is expected to name more members of his Cabinet, which also has vacancies in the departments of Energy, Agriculture and Veterans Affairs.
During his campaign, Trump weathered turbulent relations with fellow Republicans but has since forged a more united front with GOP lawmakers since his November victory over Hillary Clinton.
In a wide-ranging interview with “Fox News Sunday,” Trump dismissed those concerns as little more than partisan griping. “I think the Democrats are putting it out because they suffered one of the greatest defeats in the history of politics in this country. And frankly, I think they’re putting it out. And it’s ridiculous,” Trump said.
The incoming president said he did not necessarily oppose calls from President Barack Obama for an inquiry into the 2016 campaign hacking but said it should not be solely focused on a single culprit.
“If you’re gonna to do that, I think you should not just say ‘Russia.’ You should say other countries also, and maybe other individuals,” he said. The White House has said the probe would focus on any breaches by other countries along with hacking committed in previous elections.
Trump’s decision-making on whom to select for secretary of state has stretched out over several weeks. He has been considering former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney, a one-time vocal Trump critic, Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee, who leads the Foreign Relations Committee, and Tillerson, the oil industry executive who met twice with Trump during the past week.
In the television interview, Trump pointed to Tillerson’s deep relations with Moscow as a selling point. As ExxonMobil’s head, he maintained close ties with Russia and was awarded by Putin with the Order of Friendship in 2013, an honor for a foreign citizen.
“A great advantage is he knows many of the players, and he knows them well. He does massive deals in Russia. He does massive deals for the company,” Trump said, while also citing Corker and Romney.
“These are all very different types of people,” he said. “But when you ask me about Rex, I mean, he’s a world-class player. There’s no question about it.” By Sunday afternoon, Tillerson had still not been formally offered the job, according to a person with knowledge of the process who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Democrats have warned that plucking Tillerson for State would put the leader of the world’s largest oil company in a pivotal role on issues like climate change and the future of the Keystone XL pipeline. They also question whether he would apply diplomatic pressure on Russia’s conflict with Ukraine.
Sen. Bob Casey, D-Pa., said the developments “raise serious questions about whether the incoming administration will adequately stand up to Russia’s aggression.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON (AP) — Among the youngest white adult Americans, feelings of racial and economic vulnerability appear to be closely connected to their support for Donald Trump in last month’s election.
That’s according to an analysis of a new GenFor ward poll of Americans between the ages of 18 and 30. Other surveys of white adults of all ages have found a similar pattern.
The survey is designed to highlight how race and ethnicity shape the opinions of a new generation.
Things to know about young voters in the 2016 election:
Demographics
The GenForward polls showed that even the youngest voters were deeply divided along racial and ethnic lines in this year’s election. Large majorities of young black, Hispanic and Asian-American likely voters in the surveys said they planned to vote for Clinton, compared with less than half of young white likely voters who said the same.
Among young white adults, more than half of those with a college degree supported Clinton, compared with less than 4 in 10 without such a degree.
The surveys suggest that support for Trump among young white likely voters increased in the weeks immediately before the election. Exit polls show that young whites were ultimately slightly more likely to support Trump than Clinton.
White vulnerability
Among young whites, the survey suggests that feelings of racial and economic vulnerability and racial resentment appear to have played a role in support for Trump.
In particular, among young whites who scored highest on a scale measuring “white vulnerability,” or feelings that whites are losing out socially and economically in today’s society, more than half said they planned to support Trump, compared to only about 6 percent of those scoring lowest on the scale.
The analysis shows Trump performed well among young whites who felt that gender discrimination is not a problem in society. Likewise, both young whites and young Latinos who felt that blacks need to work their way up in society without special favors and haven’t been significantly held back by racial discrimination were more likely to vote for Trump.
Political alienation and equality
Young Asian Americans and Latinos were less likely to support Clinton if they had feelings of political alienation.
Whites, blacks, Latinos and Asian Americans were all more likely to support Clinton if they had warmer feelings toward President Barack Obama.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President-elect Donald Trump suggested Tuesday that he would cancel Boeing’s contract to build a new fleet of presidential aircraft to replace the aging models that shuttle the president around the world. He cited “out of control” costs of more than $4 billion in a tweet that ended with “Cancel order!”
The New York businessman, who flies on his own Boeing plane, later told reporters the cost to the government was “ridiculous,” though he appeared to be citing more than just the bare acquisition costs. Trump said he wanted the aircraft manufacturer to make money, “but not that much.”
Here’s a look at Trump’s claims about Air Force One, one of the most recognized symbols of the American presidency.
How much will the project cost?
The Government Accountability Office, the government’s auditing arm, in March of this year estimated total program costs at more than $3.2 billion, much of it for research and development, through the 2020 federal budget year. Separately, Defense Department and Air Force officials put the cost for two new aircraft at around Trump’s figure of $4 billion. That estimate includes the cost of research and development, construction and future maintenance, according to the officials who were not authorized to comment publicly about the sensitive military project and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Why does the government want new planes? Doesn’t the current Air Force One work just fine?
That’s true, but the two modified Boeing 747s the president uses for the bulk of his travels are getting older and breaking down more often, officials say. They were built in the 1980s and began flying in the early 1990s. One flew President Barack Obama to MacDill Air Force in Tampa, Florida, on Tuesday.
The distinctive blue-and-white plane with the U.S. flag on its tail and the presidential seal on its belly is basically a flying office for the president, complete with sophisticated communications, military and other capabilities. Safety of the president is paramount, and the government started the process to replace the aging aircraft with younger versions that incorporate updated capabilities and technological advances.
Air Force One is unlike most aircraft. It can be refueled in the air and, with an unlimited range, can take the president wherever he needs to go. Its electrical systems are hardened to protect against an electromagnetic pulse, and the plane has advanced, secure communications equipment that will allow it to function as mobile command center in the event of an attack on the United States, according to the White House.
The president and most of those who fly with him enjoy 4,000 square feet of floor space on three levels, including a suite for the president with an office and a conference room. A medical suite can function as an operating room in an emergency, and a doctor is always on board. The plane has quarters for those who regularly accompany the president on trips, including White House staff, Secret Service agents, traveling journalists and other guests.
What is Boeing’s role?
The Air Force has spent about $170 million on three contracts to begin to identify the types of military and specialized systems that would have to be added to a commercial plane to adapt it for use by the president. Boeing has that contract, and also would build the replacement Air Force One.
Under the deal, the Air Force would buy the 747-8 aircraft, a newer version of those currently in use as Air Force One. The new aircraft wouldn’t be ready until around 2023 or 2024, the end of Trump’s second term, should he seek and win re-election.
In a statement, Boeing said it looks forward to working with the Air Force “to deliver the best planes for the president at the best value for the American taxpayer.”
Could Trump ask another company to build the new aircraft?
It’s unclear. Trump did not elaborate, either on Twitter or during a brief appearance before reporters Tuesday. Presidents have flown on Boeing aircraft for more than seven decades and the Chicago-based company is the only American maker of these types of planes. Its closest rival would be French aircraft manufacturer Airbus.
Didn’t Obama cancel the contract for a new presidential helicopter?
White House press secretary Josh Earnest said Obama didn’t scrap the project entirely, but ordered the military to restart it to bring the cost projections under control. The Marine One project was further along in the process than the Air Force One upgrade, and with costs much greater than originally expected.
Can Trump cancel the project?
Yes, but not before he is sworn in to office on Jan. 20.



ARTICLE
TEHRAN, Iran — Iran’s president said on Tuesday that his country will not allow incoming U.S. President Donald Trump to “tear up” Iran’s landmark nuclear deal with world powers and also warned Tehran will react to any extension of American sanctions.
The comments by Hassan Rouhani came during a speech at the University of Tehran commemorating the killings of Iranian students protesting a visit by then-U.S. Vice President Richard Nixon in 1953.
Rouhani’s remarks show the high-wire stakes he faces after Trump’s inauguration in trying to defend the deal struck by his moderate administration. The timing – during an annual remembrance of the students’ killing at the hands of the U.S.-backed Shah Reza Pahlavi’s security forces – also shows the internal challenges he faces from hard-liners already suspicious of America’s intentions.
“The U.S. is our enemy,” Rouhani said. “They want to put pressure on us as much as they can.”
Rouhani never mentioned Trump by name in his speech, though he prefaced his remarks with noting that “some man ... elected in the U.S.”
“Whatever plans he has, it will be revealed later,” Rouhani said. “He may desire to weaken the nuclear deal. He may desire to rip up the deal. Do you suppose we will allow this? Will our nation allow this?”
On the campaign trail, Trump called the multi-nation deal “catastrophic” and vowed to renegotiate it, without explaining how.
Rouhani also warned Iran “will show a reaction” if outgoing President Barack Obama signs a law extending some of America’s sanctions authority by 10 years. The law, first passed by Congress in 1996 and renewed several times since then, allows the U.S. to sanction companies for doing business with Iran.
Rouhani has described extending the sanctions as a violation of the nuclear deal. The White House deemed the bill unnecessary but said it didn’t violate the international accord.
In Washington, State Department spokesman Mark Toner said any party can leave the nuclear agreement. But he said such a move would be counterproductive because the deal is working.
“It’s not a formal treaty and of course no one can prevent any other party to this agreement from walking away,” Toner told reporters. Toner said it was premature to judge what the incoming Trump administration would do with the Iran deal. He reiterated the Obama administration’s arguments that the accord has cut off all of Iran’s pathways to a nuclear weapon.
Toner also disputed Iran’s claims that it could restart elements of its nuclear program if it perceives the U.S. or any other party to the seven-nation to be in breach.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Time magazine on Wednesday named President-elect Donald Trump its Person of the Year.
“It’s a great honor. It means a lot,” Trump said in a telephone interview on NBC’s “Today” show.
Time editor Nancy Gibbs said on the program that Democrat Hillary Clinton was the No. 2 finalist. Gibbs said the choice of Trump this year was “straightforward.”
“When have we ever seen a single individual who has so defied expectations, broken the rules, violated norms, beaten not one but two political parties on the way to winning an election that he entered with 100-to-1 odds against him?” Gibbs said.
The Time cover reads, “Donald Trump: President of the Divided States of America” and the cover image features a photograph of the president-elect sitting in his private residence at Trump Tower.
In the NBC interview, Trump took issue with the “Divided States of America” description: “I didn’t divide ‘em,” he said. “We’re going to put it back together and we’re going to have a country that’s very well-healed.”
Gibbs said Time gives the title to the person who has had the greatest influence on events “for better or worse.”
Trump went from fiery underdog in the race for the GOP presidential nomination to defeating Clinton in the Nov. 8 election. Trump won 306 electoral votes, easily enough to make him president when the electors meet on Dec. 19. Clinton won the popular vote.
Gibbs said Clinton “came closer than any woman ever has to winning the White House, and in the process revealed, I think, both the opportunities and the obstacles that women face in the public square.”



ARTICLE
NEW YORK — Call him the dealmaker-elect.
By his own account, President-elect Donald Trump has worked out a few agreements after a parade of weekend visitors who could land major appointments in his administration.
There were hints but no decisions to announce. Mitt Romney, the Republican nominee in 2012, was “under active and serious consideration” for secretary of state, Vice President-elect Mike Pence said. Trump himself said retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis was an “impressive” prospect for defense secretary.
“We’ve made a couple of deals,” Trump told reporters at his Bedminster, New Jersey, golf club before returning to New York. He gave assurances that “incredible meetings” would be bringing “incredible people” into the government. “You’ll be hearing about them soon.”
More meetings are on Trump’s Monday schedule. His transition team said former Texas governor and GOP presidential rival Rick Perry was expected to meet with Trump on Monday.
Among the visitors to the white-pillared clubhouse Sunday were Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, billionaire investor Wilbur Ross and retired Marine Gen. John Kelly, the former commander of U.S. Southern Command.
The businessman who is now the president-elect also apparently was considering options to lead the Commerce Department, meeting with Ross. “Time will tell,” Ross told reporters when asked if he wanted a post.
It was hard to tell if some of the visitors were on the job hunt. Hollywood powerbroker Ari Emanuel and BET founder Robert Johnson came through over the weekend as did health care billionaire Patrick Soon-Shiong. Trump made a show of each guest, greeting them formally at the door, shaking hands and smiling for the cameras and telling the press how “great” they were.
“King of Hollywood,” Trump said, as he ushered Emanuel in the door Sunday.
Between conversations, Trump revealed he was making transition plans for his family. He told reporters that his wife, Melania, and their 10-year-old son, Barron, would move to Washington when the school year ends.
Trump also turned to Twitter to share some of his thinking. In between criticism of “Saturday Night Live,” the hit musical “Hamilton,” and retiring Democratic leader Harry Reid, he wrote that, “General James ‘Mad Dog’ Mattis, who is being considered for secretary of defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General’s General!”
The comments were indications that Trump is looking outside his immediate circle as he works toward rounding out his foreign policy and national security teams. On Friday, he named a loyalist, retired Gen. Michael Flynn, as his national security adviser.
Romney, the former Massachusetts governor and 2012 GOP presidential contender, and Trump exchanged bitter insults during the campaign, and Mattis has not been considered a Trump confidante. The appointment of more establishment figures could offer some reassurance to lawmakers and others concerned about Trump’s hard-line positions on immigration and national security and his lack of foreign policy experience.
Trump told reporters Sunday that one of his most loyal and public allies, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, was also a prospect for secretary of state “and other things.” Giuliani at one point had been considered for attorney general, but Trump gave that job to Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama.
But even as Trump and his team discussed pressing issues facing the country and how to staff the incoming administration, the president-elect’s Twitter feed suggested other issues too were on his mind.
His targets Sunday included Sen. Reid. Trump tweeted that incoming Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer, another media-savvy New Yorker, was “far smarter” than Reid and “has the ability to get things done.”
Trump also complained that “Saturday Night Live,” which thrives on making fun of politicians, is “biased” and not funny. The night before, actor Alec Baldwin portrayed Trump as Googling: “What is ISIS?”
Trump also insisted again that the cast and producers of “Hamilton” should apologize after the lead actor addressed Pence from the stage Friday night, telling the vice president-elect that “diverse America” was “alarmed and anxious.” Pence said on CBS’s “Face the Nation” that he wasn’t offended.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Still reeling from a devastating defeat in last week’s election, Democrats are beginning the process of charting the direction of their party in the Donald Trump era.
With Hillary Clinton and her team staying out of the public eye, liberal politicians have begun jockeying for control of the party’s future. While they all backed Clinton, they’re now pushing for a serious shift in the party’s policy positions, financial resources and grassroots organizing to focus more on motivating their base and winning back the white working class voters who went for Trump.
“We have to do a lot of rethinking,” said Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who mounted a fierce challenge to Clinton in the primary.
“Democrats are focused too much with a liberal elite, which is raising incredible sums of money from wealthy people,” Sanders said on CBS’s “Face the Nation.”
The Democratic National Committee, the last bastion of party power in Washington, is quickly emerging as ground zero for the fight.
After losing the White House and Congress – and likely the ideological tilt of the Supreme Court – the Democrats’ new chief likely will be one of the party’s most visible faces in politics, making the role a far more influential post than it was during the Obama administration.
Already, around a dozen Democrats’ names have been publicly floated to succeed interim chairwoman Donna Brazile, who replaced Florida Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz in July after she was caught up in a hacking scandal.
Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison, a prominent progressive and the first Muslim elected to Congress, has emerged as an early contender, backed by much of the party’s liberal wing.
He’s also picked up support from several key Democratic leaders, including outgoing Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid and Reid’s likely replacement, New York Sen. Chuck Schumer. Ellison was expected to officially announce his bid on Monday. His supporters argue that Ellison’s faith would send an important signal about the party’s commitment to inclusivity during the Trump administration.
“My friend Keith Ellison is a terrific leader and a strong progressive who knows how to get things done. Now is the time for new thinking and a fresh start at the DNC. Now is the time for Keith,” Reid said in a statement on Sunday.
In interviews on Sunday talk shows, Ellison pushed back on concerns that he’d be unable to balance party responsibilities with the politics of his day job in Congress – a problem some Democrats believe hampered Wasserman Schultz.
“There’re a lot of places that I can serve,” he said, in an interview on NBC’s “Meet the Press.” ‘‘I’m looking for a place to be of use and benefit. And every single Democrat in this country better be thinking the exact same way.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON –– Two of President-elect Donald Trump’s closest advisers dismissed the thousands of people protesting his election victory as “professional” rabble-rousers and called on President Barack Obama and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton to intervene.
“I’m not sure these are even Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama supporters,” former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani said Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” citing an incident in which people were “banging on my car.” “These people are, you know, kind of like professional protesters more.”
Senior Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway said on “Fox News Sunday” that Obama, Clinton, Sen. Bernie Sanders and others should “come forward and ask for calm and ask for a peaceful transition, and ask their supporters which are masquerading as protesters now – many of them professional and paid by the way, I’m sure –– ask them to give this man a chance so that this country can flourish.”
Giuliani and Conway offer evidence that any protesters are paid professionals. Trump used similar language on Twitter last week.
The protests against Trump have been mostly peaceful. But Conway said many protesters aren’t peaceful but are “there for nefarious reasons – they’re booing us, they’re spitting on us, they’re causing all kinds of havoc.”
Sen. Cory Booker, D-N.J., countered that demonstrators helped deliver equal rights to black Americans. “When you have a president in his campaign who ran saying things that are just contrary to a fact, but literally threatening to use presidential power in a way that erode the rights and privileges and equality of large sections of Americans: God bless the protesters,” Booker said on NBC’s “Meet the Press.”
At the same time, Booker urged protesters not to turn to “hateful speech” or violate “principles and ideals that are sacred in this country. We need to raise our voices, but we do not need to indulge in hate.”
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., also struck a more conciliatory note than the Trump advisers. “As long as protests are peaceful, if people want to express themselves that’s what we can do in this country, that’s what the First Amendment is all about,” Ryan said on CNN’s “State of the Union.”
Giuliani largely skirted a question of whether Trump has a responsibility to address reported incidents in which Trump supporters have been involved in racially motivated intimidation. “They shouldn’t be doing it either,” Giuliani said of the instigators, before saying that the “major focus” is the people protesting the president-elect.
“The First Amendment says that we can protest and call on our government to address grievances,” Rep. Keith Ellison of Minnesota, a candidate to head the Democratic National Committee, said on ABC. “These folks are telling Donald Trump that if he tries to move out on his plan to have a deportation squad, to harm Americans, and if he tries to do that, we’re going to be there to stand and say no.”



ARTICLE
EDINBURGH — Vice President-elect Mike Pence promised military veterans that he and Donald Trump will reform the troubled Department of Veterans Affairs health system, telling them Friday that their medical care is part of the compensation for their service.
Speaking during an outdoor Veterans Day ceremony at the Indiana National Guard’s Camp Atterbury south of Indianapolis, the governor did not address his new role leading Trump’s transition team and his only mention of the president-elect was to reassure his audience he and Trump are committed to improving the VA’s delivery of health benefits. Pence did not take questions and reporters were kept at a distance.
“Help is on the way,” he told veterans, their families, active soldiers and others as brisk winds caused the flags behind to wave.
It was a message that retired hospital administrator and Navy veteran Joseph Durbin of Henry County, Kentucky, came to hear.
“When you see people with the arms and legs missing, the amount of suicides every day ... we need to do something for our veterans,” said Durbin, 64.
Unofficial or secret lists have been used at VA facilities across the country to hide lengthy delays in care for veterans. It led Congress to fund the Veterans Choice program, which allows veterans to seek private care at the government’s expense if they have waited 30 days or longer.
The governor, who is also the father of a Marine officer, praised the work of Democratic Sen. Joe Donnelly of Indiana in getting legislation passed to improve the mental health care of veterans and members of the military.
“We owe a debt we can never fully repay,” Pence told the veterans.



ARTICLE
INDIANAPOLIS — The Republicans’ sweeping win in Indiana on Election Day means Lt. Gov. Eric Holcomb should be able to stay the course when he takes over as governor for Mike Pence, who leaves in January to become vice president.
Holcomb’s election and the continued GOP dominance of the Legislature likely guarantees that there won’t be a rapid expansion of the state-funded preschool program or an extension of civil rights protections to the LGBT community. Republicans also grabbed full control over education policy by taking the state schools superintendent’s post from the lone Democrat who held a state office.
Here’s where things stand as Holcomb prepares to become governor Jan. 9:
Changes coming?
Holcomb got his start in state government in 2005 as a top aide to Gov. Mitch Daniels and he cited that experience as giving him “a Ph.D. in good government.” So it’s not surprising that Holcomb’s transition team is headed by two other Daniels administration veterans and includes Daniels’ lieutenant governor, Becky Skillman.
Holcomb said all state leadership positions are being evaluated and he hasn’t committed to keeping Pence’s appointees in place after he takes office.
Republican House Speaker Brian Bosma, who will be serving as a legislator with his seventh governor when Holcomb takes office, said he expects Holcomb will be more like the hands-on Daniels than Pence. Pence had never worked in state government before becoming governor and sometimes frustrated lawmakers with vague policy positions.
Schools chief switch
Republican lawmakers frequently clashed with Democratic state schools Superintendent Glenda Ritz over education policy the past four years. They’ll likely have better dealings with Ritz’s Republican replacement, Jennifer McCormick.
McCormick, the current superintendent of the Yorktown Community Schools near Muncie, disagrees with some recent GOP policies, such as the current A-F school rating system based on results of the standardized ISTEP exam. She wants schools rated on a broader report card and also favors ending the state requirement that teacher evaluations for pay increases be tied to student test scores.
She’ll also be negotiating with lawmakers on replacing the much-maligned ISTEP, which is taken by more than 400,000 students.
Tackling transportation
Significant debate is expected next legislative session about finding a long-term boost in infrastructure funding.
Holcomb wants to tackle some big-ticket transportation projects but hasn’t specified any funding sources. His priorities include building a new I-69 bridge over the Ohio River near Evansville that’s estimated to cost $850 million and adding a second rail line for much of northwestern Indiana’s South Shore commuter railroad, which is projected to cost about $200 million.
Holcomb hasn’t ruled out raising the gasoline and cigarette taxes, which some legislative Republicans proposed this year but Pence rejected.
Bosma said legislators will work with Holcomb on funding proposals, with one possibility being the tax-hike plan he supported that aimed to pump some $700 million more into state roads spending in 2017 alone.
“The investment magnitude will be extremely similar,” Bosma said. “The user fees that we use to fund that, we haven’t settled on yet.”
Preschool priorities
Democratic gubernatorial candidate John Gregg pushed for an aggressive expansion of the state’s current pre-K program, which was launched in five counties last year and sent about 2,300 low-income children to preschool at annual cost of about $10 million.
Holcomb also backs expansion, but with a slower approach. He said he wants to focus on opening the program to more low-income families. He hasn’t yet detailed the scope of any expansion.
Gay rights status quo
Holcomb’s election likely ends any prospect of state civil rights protections being extended to gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people. Gregg called for that step, saying it was needed to improve the state’s reputation after the national backlash over the religious-objections law signed by Pence last year. The Indiana Chamber of Commerce, a strong GOP ally, has also endorsed LGBT rights expansion.
Holcomb said he doesn’t believe the state has suffered lasting economic harm from the tumult and that he sees “zero percent probability” of legislators advancing an LGBT rights bill after a compromise attempt failed earlier this year.
Bosma said he believes current state law is appropriate since it allows cities and counties to adopt local gay-rights ordinances. “Rather than try to shove one heartfelt side’s agenda or the other, when there’s not some sense of agreement among Hoosiers on this, I think that would be a mistake,” Bosma said.



ARTICLE
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Republican Lt. Gov. Eric Holcomb started the transition to Indiana's governorship a day after extending his party's 12-year hold on the state's top office as part of a GOP sweep of statewide positions and large majorities in the General Assembly.
Holcomb's win in Tuesday's election completed his quick Statehouse accession as he had never been elected to office before and only became Gov. Mike Pence's lieutenant governor eight months ago. He raced to introduce himself to voters after replacing Pence as the Republican candidate in July when Pence became Donald Trump's vice presidential running mate.
Holcomb defeated Democratic candidate John Gregg and told a raucous victory celebration Tuesday night that Republicans across the state helped him overcome doubters who questioned whether he could put together a campaign and raise enough money in little more than 100 days.
"Holcomb can't do this and Holcomb can't do that," he told the crowd. "Well, they were partly right. Holcomb couldn't do it, but we did!"
Holcomb met Wednesday with his transition team and was slated to hold an afternoon news conference, campaign spokesman Pete Seat said.
The only Democrat in a statewide office — incumbent state schools Superintendent Glenda Ritz — was ousted by Republican Jennifer McCormick, currently the superintendent of the Yorktown Community Schools near Muncie. Ritz frequently had clashed with Republican legislators and Pence over education policy over the past four years.
Holcomb's running mate, state Auditor Suzanne Crouch, was elected lieutenant governor, while Republican Curtis Hill, the prosecutor in northern Indiana's Elkhart County, was elected the new state attorney general.
Republicans won 70 Indiana House seats, keeping them over the two-thirds majority mark needed to take action even if no Democrats are present. Democrats had hoped to pick up at least the five seats needed to break the supermajority, but gained only a single seat.
Republicans also are keeping their state Senate supermajority as they will hold at least 40 of its 50 seats.
Gregg, making his second run for governor after a narrow 2012 loss to Pence, aimed to link Holcomb to controversies during Pence's term such as Indiana's 2015 religious-objections law that sparked a national uproar from gay-rights supporters.
To deflect Gregg's criticism on social issues, Holcomb stressed economic bright spots such as a $2.4 billion state budget surplus, an unemployment rate of only 4.5 percent, recent tax cuts and the state's AAA credit rating.
Lenny Paxton, a 56-year-old retired train engineer from LaPorte, said he voted for Holcomb because of Gregg's support for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and Holcomb's priority of continuing Republican state budget policies.
Holcomb, 48, largely avoided mentioning Pence, instead highlighting his time as a top aide and campaign manager for Pence's two-term popular predecessor, former Gov. Mitch Daniels.
Holcomb praised both governors in his victory speech, saying he aimed to continue on the trajectory they started for the state.
"It is because of their collective, proven leadership that Indiana finds itself in the position that we occupy today," Holcomb said. "Mitch Daniels built a foundation. Mike Pence added a couple stories and Suzanne Crouch and I are gonna add story after story after story as we take Indiana to the next level."
Gregg, a former Indiana House speaker, cited Trump's big win in the state and Republican victories in the U.S. Senate race and other statewide races as making his race an uphill climb.
"It was tough with what happened in the state with the landslide that came across Indiana," Gregg said in his concession speech.
Holcomb has mostly been a behind-the-scenes political operative, including time as state Republican Party chairman. He spent 10 months running for this year's Republican U.S. Senate nomination, but had little fundraising success. He dropped out when Pence picked him to become lieutenant governor in March, after Pence's 2012 running mate, Sue Ellspermann, resigned to become president of Ivy Tech Community College.
Pence's decision to drop his re-election bid means Indiana will have a one-term governor for the first time since the state constitution was changed in the 1970s to allow governors to seek a second consecutive term.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON (AP) — Donald Trump claimed his place Wednesday as America's 45th president, an astonishing victory for the celebrity businessman and political novice who capitalized on voters' economic anxieties, took advantage of racial tensions and overcame a string of sexual assault allegations on his way to the White House.
Trump's triumph over Hillary Clinton, not declared until well after midnight, will end eight years of Democratic dominance of the White House. He'll govern with Congress fully under Republican control and lead a country deeply divided by his rancorous campaign against Clinton. He faces fractures within his own party, too, given the numerous Republicans who either tepidly supported his nomination or never backed him at all.
As he claimed victory, Trump urged Americans to "come together as one united people."
Clinton, who hoped to become the nation's first female president, called her Republican rival to concede but did not plan to speak publicly until Wednesday morning.
President Barack Obama invited Trump to meet with him at the White House on Thursday to discuss transition, and the White House said the president planned to address the election results in a statement Wednesday. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Obama called Trump to congratulate him and also called Clinton to convey his admiration for the "strong campaign she waged throughout the country."
The White House said Obama's televised statement Wednesday would focus on "what steps we can take as a country to come together after this hard-fought election season."
Trump, who spent much of the campaign urging his supporters on as they chanted "lock her up," said the nation owed Clinton "a major debt of gratitude" for her years of public service. Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said Obama and Trump had "a very nice talk" when the president called to congratulate him in the early hours Wednesday.
The Republican blasted through Democrats' longstanding firewall, carrying Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, states that hadn't voted for a GOP presidential candidate since the 1980s. He needed to win nearly all of the competitive battleground states, and he did just that, including Florida, Ohio, North Carolina and others.
Global stock markets and U.S. stock futures plunged, but later recovered somewhat, reflecting investor concern over what a Trump presidency might mean.
A New York real estate developer who lives in a sparkling Manhattan high-rise, Trump forged a striking connection with white, working class Americans who feel left behind in a changing economy and diversifying country. He cast immigration, both from Latin America and the Middle East, as the root of the problems plaguing many Americans and tapped into fears of terrorism emanating at home and abroad.
GOP Senate candidates fended off Democratic challengers in key states, including North Carolina, Indiana and Wisconsin. Republicans also maintained their grip on the House.
Senate control means Trump will have great leeway in appointing Supreme Court justices, which could mean a shift to the right that would last for decades.
Trump has pledged to usher in sweeping changes to U.S. foreign policy, including building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border and suspending immigration from countries with terrorism ties. He's also praised Russian President Vladimir Putin and spoken of building a better relationship with Moscow, worrying some in his own party who fear he'll go easy on Putin's provocations.
Putin sent him a telegram of congratulations early Wednesday.
Trump upended years of political convention on his way to the White House, leveling harshly personal insults against his rivals, deeming Mexican immigrants rapists and murderers, and vowing to temporarily suspend Muslim immigration to the U.S. He never released his tax returns, breaking with decades of campaign tradition, and eschewed the kind of robust data and field efforts that helped Obama win two terms in the White House, relying instead on his large, free-wheeling rallies to energize supporters. His campaign was frequently in chaos, and he cycled through three campaign managers.
Conway, his final campaign manager, touted the team's accomplishments as the final results rolled in, writing on Twitter that "rally crowds matter" and "we expanded the map."
Clinton spent months warning voters that Trump was unfit and unqualified to be president. But the former senator and secretary of state struggled to articulate a clear rationale for her own candidacy.
She faced persistent questions about her honesty and trustworthiness. Those troubles flared anew late in the race, when FBI Director James Comey announced a review of new emails from her tenure at the State Department. On Sunday, just two days before Election Day, Comey said there was nothing in the material to warrant criminal charges against Clinton.
Trump will inherit an anxious nation, deeply divided by economic and educational opportunities, race and culture.
Exit polls underscored the fractures: Women nationwide supported Clinton by a double-digit margin, while men were significantly more likely to back Trump. More than half of white voters backed the Republican, while nearly 9 in 10 blacks and two-thirds of Hispanics voted for the Democrat.
Doug Ratliff, a 67-year-old businessman from Richlands, Virginia, said Trump's election was one of the happiest days of his life.
"This county has had no hope," said Ratliff, who owns strip malls in an area badly beaten by the collapse of the coal industry. "Things will change. I know he's not going to be perfect. But he's got a heart. And he gives people hope."
The Republican Party's tortured relationship with its nominee was evident right to the end. Former President George W. Bush and wife Laura Bush declined to back Trump, instead selecting "none of the above" when they voted for president, according to spokesman Freddy Ford.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, a reluctant Trump supporter, called the businessman earlier in the evening to congratulate him, according to a Ryan spokeswoman. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the American people "have chosen a new direction for our nation."



ARTICLE
MINNEAPOLIS — Money managers are getting a number of questions from clients about the election – not who to vote for but how it could affect their money.
The historical trading data can be parsed a number of ways, but the consensus view from money managers: Don’t be rash.
“You don’t want to trade your portfolio based on the outcome of an election,” said Carol Schleif, chief investment officer of Abbot Downing, the Minneapolis-based wealth management arm of Wells Fargo.
“Aside from the election, underneath you’ve got a pretty solid economy going on,” she said. “It’s not great gangbusters, but you’ve got two barbells of demographics going on.”
Baby boomers, she said, are feeling more comfortable about prospects of retiring, and younger workers are moving into peak earnings years with plenty of good job prospects. Both groups should boost the economy, with retirees able to spend their savings or pensions and the younger generation building families and buying homes.
Schleif advocates sticking with your investment strategy this fall, since campaign rhetoric is generally more severe than any policy that eventually gets negotiated between Congress and a president.
Strategists at Wells looked at four possible outcomes: a Democratic president and divided Congress; Republican president and divided Congress; Democratic president and Republican Congress; and a Republican president and Republican Congress.
They don’t see more than a 40 percent probability for any of the four. But their prediction for the best possible outcome for the market, based on historical data, slightly favored the 40 percent probability of a Democratic president with a divided Congress.
“No matter which way the election comes down, it will remove a chunk of uncertainty,” Schleif said.
Other investment pros also cautioned not to drive long-term investment decisions by the elections.
“There is no question that empirical evidence suggests that markets tend to get a little volatile the closer you get to an election, and even a little bit afterward while the dust settles,” said David Joy, chief market strategist for Minneapolis-based Ameriprise. “All of that argues for a little bit of a cautious view.”
Joy believes U.S. stocks may be a little overvalued right now, but that earnings growth should improve in the fourth quarter and that the U.S. economy will do better in the second half than it did in the first. He believes the markets have likely priced in the probability of rate hike from the Fed, so there remains room for the market to rise yet this year.
Other managers can’t resist diving into historical market data to divine trends. Craig Johnson, Piper Jaffray’s senior technical research strategist, looked at Dow Jones industrial average pricing data back to 1887.
“Historically, when market returns are positive leading into an election (for the prior three months), the incumbent party generally wins the ­election,” he said in a recently published report.
Joy also referenced S&P 500 pricing data that showed similar results to the Dow index data. Up markets heading into the election favor incumbents.
The Dow is currently below its Aug. 1 close, so based just on the historical figures the current market trend favors a Trump presidency.
The Dow and S&P pricing stats have been right about 80 percent of the time. Current market and polling data indicate this year could fall into that other 20 percent, but there are about three trading weeks left before the election where the markets could gain ground.
“I think it’s important to look at history,” Joy said. “It can inform your thought process, but it is certainly not infallible.”
Johnson also looked at ­pricing trends of the Dow postelection.
“When a nonincumbent political party wins the election, the market tends to underperform relative to an incumbent victory,” he said.



ARTICLE
ASHLAND, Ohio — Donald Trump is taking a break from campaigning Wednesday to formally open his new hotel in Washington, while dispatching his running mate to play political defense in Utah – which hasn’t backed a Democrat for president in 52 years.
The odd travel schedule a dozen days before the Nov. 8 election illustrates a Republican ticket pulled in two directions while Democrat Hillary Clinton surges. Trump’s priority Wednesday is clear: His personal brand and business, while Indiana Gov. Mike Pence tries to boost the ticket where no Republican should have to.
“I don’t really believe the polls, but this looks like a tight race,” said Trump supporter Susan Donaldson, 55, who worried at a Tuesday afternoon rally in Sanford, Florida, that the GOP nominee may be spreading himself too thin. “Can he be taking time out like that?”
Trump will visit North Carolina for two campaign rallies on Wednesday afternoon, after spending the morning attending a ribbon cutting at the new $212 million hotel that bears his name at Washington’s Old Post Office Pavilion, not far from the White House.
Not all of the New Yorker’s backers shared Donaldson’s concerns about Trump.
“He’s not distracted. He’s a smart man who can do it all,” said Kathy Haight, a 69-year-old grandmother from Geneva, Florida, who attended a Trump rally on Tuesday. “And he’s going to win. He can afford to take the little break if he wants.”
Pence also is stopping in swing states of Nevada and Colorado before he heads on Thursday to solidly Republican Nebraska, a state that awards some of its electoral votes by congressional district. His rally in Omaha may be aimed at shoring up support in the one district that Clinton could potentially win.
Spokesman Marc Lotter said Pence’s Utah visit is more about favorable logistics than fears the deep red state could be slipping away. Pence had already planned a Western swing that included a fundraiser in Utah, he said, adding that a rally was easy.
But Trump undoubtedly can’t count on heavily Mormon Utah, last won by a Democrat when President Lyndon B. Johnson carried the state in 1964. Many of the state’s top Republicans urged Trump to abandon the race following the release of a 2005 recording on which the billionaire bragged about sexually accosting women.
That’s been a boon to independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin, a former CIA agent and graduate of Brigham Young University.
Democrat Hillary Clinton, meanwhile, holds two events in Florida on Wednesday, both aimed at encouraging voters in the state to cast an early ballot. It’s her 69th birthday, a milestone she celebrated a day early on Univision’s entertainment news show “El Gordo y La Flaca,” where she was feted with a bottle of tequila and a large cake featuring her face and the White House.
There was no mention on Tuesday from Clinton about the news from the Department of Health and Human Services that premiums for insurance under President Barack Obama’s signature health care law would rise sharply next year.
Before federal subsidies, premiums for a midlevel benchmark plan will increase an average of 25 percent across the 39 states served by the federally run online market. Some states will see much bigger jumps, others less. Clinton has vowed to preserve insurance for the millions of Americans covered under the law, and spokeswoman Jennifer Palmieri conceded that “cost controls are a big concern for Hillary Clinton.”
She said the Democratic presidential nominee has a plan to lower insurance costs, “both through the public option and a Medicare buy-in.” She warned that Trump’s plan would strip insurance from roughly 20 million Americans who now benefit.
Trump didn’t miss the opportunity to capitalize on the fresh political ammunition, insisting “Obamacare is just blowing up” during a series of campaign events on the final day of an extensive three-day swing through must-win Florida.
“It’s killing our businesses. It’s killing our small businesses,” Trump said during an evening rally in Tallahassee, without providing evidence for his claims. “And it’s killing individuals.”
While the health care law has provided coverage to millions previously uninsured, it has also increased costs and regulatory burdens for businesses, particularly medium-sized to large companies. But small businesses are exempt from its requirement to cover full-time employees or face fines.
But while blessed with the unexpected political gift, it’s not clear if Trump will be able to capitalize on it. He spent Tuesday morning visiting another of his properties, the Doral golf course outside Miami. There, employees, many of them Hispanic women, offered testimonials about how happy they are working for him – touting Trump’s job-creating prowess.
Trump also promoted the workers as examples of people affected by rising “Obamacare” premiums, though the golf course’s general manager later clarified that most workers receive their insurance through Trump as their employer.
“He could make this race for the last two weeks a referendum on Obamacare. But of course he won’t do that,” said former Ted Cruz strategist Chris Wilson. “It’s just a matter of him swatting at flies instead of having a coherent and consistent message.”
While Trump’s diversions from the trail baffled political pros like Wilson, Alfred Davis, a 56-year-old Baptist pastor from Richfield, Ohio, who attended a Pence rally in nearby Ashland on Tuesday, said Trump’s moonlighting doesn’t bother him.
“He is a businessman after all,” Davis said. “I have a feeling he’ll find a way to turn these things into campaign events, anyway. He’s not going to miss any chance he has.”



