ARTICLE
For years, as Bill Cosby and his lawyers aggressively rebutted accusations that he was a sexual predator, his defenders could point to one incontrovertible fact: He had never been charged with a crime.
Now that has changed, with the announcement Wednesday by a Pennsylvania prosecutor that he was charging Mr. Cosby with aggravated indecent assault. But even as women who have accused the entertainer of sexual misconduct celebrated the charges, legal experts said Thursday that the road to conviction in the courtroom was filled with significant hurdles.
In Mr. Cosby’s favor, they said, were a lack of forensic evidence related to the decade-old allegation by the woman at the center of the case, and the decision by a previous district attorney not to prosecute based on the evidence at the time.
The prosecution will perhaps be bolstered by a deposition from Mr. Cosby in a subsequent civil suit by the woman, Andrea Constand, in which he acknowledged giving other women quaaludes as a party drug in his efforts to have sex — which he insisted was always consensual. The experts also said the wave of accusations against Mr. Cosby by dozens of women over the last year strengthened the prosecution’s case even if the women are not permitted to testify, because their public denunciations have resonated broadly.
The charges, and a potentially lengthy trial that is certain to be a news media spectacle, would put Mr. Cosby under a microscope like never before. And, experts said, a trial would put on display the complexities involved in reviving an old case in which the basic facts remain unchanged, and the case was certain to be closely watched by the legal profession as well as the public.
“You have to say this is a curious case for the prosecution to bring since nothing has really changed other than these other women came forward,” said Isabelle A. Kirshner, a criminal defense lawyer. “This case has a lot of obstacles for both sides, and a lot of legal issues.”
Ms. Kirshner pointed to the presence of a new district attorney in Montgomery County, where Mr. Cosby was charged, after a heated election in which Mr. Cosby was a central issue. Mr. Cosby’s legal team has also seized on this political aspect.
“I think there will be many stumbling blocks for the D.A.’s office in attempting to prosecute this very old disproven allegation,” Monique Pressley, a lawyer for Mr. Cosby, said in a phone interview Thursday. “This charge is not about effectuating justice. This charge against Mr. Cosby is about fulfilling a campaign pledge.”
In 2005, Bruce Castor, then the district attorney in Montgomery County, declined to bring criminal charges based on Ms. Constand’s accusations, saying he did not believe there was sufficient evidence. Mr. Castor ran to recapture his position in November but was defeated by Kevin Steele, a first assistant district attorney who made his opponent’s decision not to prosecute Mr. Cosby an issue. Once elected, Mr. Steele had a limited amount of time to file charges, because the 12-year statute of limitations expires in January.
Mr. Steele said Wednesday that the criminal case was based on new evidence, including the allegations by other accusers who have since come forward and the deposition from Ms. Constand’s lawsuit.
There are likely to be protracted legal struggles over those issues even before the case goes to trial. Mr. Cosby’s team is almost certain to fight to bar testimony from other women who have accused him of sexual misconduct over many years, and to stop the introduction of the entertainer’s own testimony from Ms. Constand’s earlier lawsuit.
“If the jury is allowed to hear about allegations that they think are similar, that’s going to have a powerful effect,” said Barry Coburn, a former federal prosecutor and a criminal defense lawyer based in Washington.
In Pennsylvania law, as in New York, there is a general rule against admitting evidence from other cases in which no crime has been charged because it could prejudice the trial.
But such evidence can be allowed under certain circumstances, lawyers said — for instance, if the other behavior is so similar that it can be said to demonstrate a “common scheme or plan,” a kind of unique fingerprint of the defendant.
“If these other acts come in against him to try to show a pattern or some sort of intent on his part, and that’s a big, big problem for him,” said Alan Tauber, who in 2012 helped represent Msgr. William J. Lynn, a senior Roman Catholic Church official who was charged with failing to stop child sexual abuse by some priests.
Even if the other accusers are kept out of the courtroom, their allegations, most of them made publicly over the last year, are likely to hang over the trial and will be difficult to keep out of the jurors’ minds, other lawyers said. Seating a jury will be difficult, they said; the intense publicity over Mr. Cosby’s suspected acts will make it hard to find jurors who have not made up their minds about the case.
As for Mr. Cosby’s deposition from the 2005 civil case, his lawyers are trying to have it resealed. But investigators, who obtained the full transcript legitimately from the office of Ms. Constand’s lawyer, are almost certain to be able to introduce it at the criminal trial with or without a seal, legal experts said.
The deposition could prove damaging, they said, because it could reinforce an image of Mr. Cosby as an unapologetic seducer of young women who relied on fame and wealth as levers in his sexual conquests.
Ms. Constand waited a year before coming forward to the Pennsylvania authorities to make her accusations. Once Mr. Castor declined to prosecute, she filed a civil case that was settled in 2006; her confidential settlement agreement would not have included a clause stopping her from cooperating in a criminal trial, legal experts said, because this would have been counter to public policy. Even if such a clause were included, it would be unenforceable.
Legal experts say it is not uncommon for women to delay reporting suspected assaults.
But, lawyers said, Ms. Constand will have to explain why she returned to Mr. Cosby’s house on the night she said he assaulted her, a visit that she told investigators came after two previous unwanted encounters — including once when she said he unbuttoned her pants and began touching her.
The jury will have to decide whether the relationship was consensual or predatory, said Stuart P. Slotnick, a defense lawyer and former prosecutor in the Brooklyn district attorney’s office.
“Despite these two horrendous meetings, she continues to trust Bill Cosby and returns to his house again?” he said.
Ms. Constand has said she returned to Mr. Cosby’s house because she considered him a mentor and trusted him, and had had several subsequent meetings with him in which nothing inappropriate occurred, according to the criminal complaint.
Despite the obstacles, the criminal case against Mr. Cosby offered vindication to many women who had accused him of drugging and sexual misconduct over the years. One woman, Patricia Leary Steuer, 59, said Thursday that she was elated, particularly for Ms. Constand. “This has been a long time coming,” she said.
But, she added: “If people consider that the only victory is if he’s convicted and sent to prison, then it’s not a victory because we’re not there yet. We don’t know the outcome.”



ARTICLE
ARNOLD, Mo. —  Linda Thorne peered out the back of her trailer near here on Monday night to find water sloshing up the wooden steps.
She had thought she would be safe from the rising floodwaters. But at that point, she knew she had to go.
By Thursday, most of the trailer and many of the valuables she had left behind were submerged. And Ms. Thorne, 60, who expected to be at a hospital welcoming the birth of her first great-grandchild, instead found herself stuck under the pale fluorescent lights of a gym at a Baptist church that had become a Red Cross shelter.
“I was devastated,” she said Thursday, reflecting on the valuables and keepsakes she left behind: Mickey Mouse figurines and dolls she wanted to give to her grandchildren; a $400 set of cast iron pans; two Damascus blade knives with hand-carved bone handles that were gifts from a friend.
“I didn’t know I was going to lose everything,” she added, her face red and ragged.
Like Ms. Thorne, many people in this part of the Mississippi River basin near St. Louis have come to accept that flooding is a part of life. But the damage this time has been so severe and the river levels so high that vexing questions have again been raised about whether anything can be done to truly ease the threat of the volatile and unpredictable rivers around here.
Can greater defenses be erected? Should homes be vaulted on stilts? Or is it time for some communities to pack up and leave?
Officials in Missouri and Illinois have blamed flooding for 21 deaths, many of them of motorists who tried to cross flooded roads.
The worst conditions struck towns along the Meramec River, southwest of St. Louis, which shattered previous flood records, forced the evacuation of thousands of people, swallowed whole neighborhoods and turned others into islands, cut off from any road access.
About 20 minutes up the road in Valley Park, the Meramec crested Thursday morning at more than 28 feet above flood stage, 4.4 feet above the record set there in 1982. By Thursday night, the crest had flowed into the Mississippi River, but the Meramec was expected to stay well above flood stage for several days.
“We know the floods are coming,” said Michael D. Polizzi, the mayor of nearby Fenton, which has also had record flooding in recent days. “It’s a way of life for a lot of people. But when it infringes with this new high level into homes that have never been flooded, then that does have a concern for us.
“I think Mother Nature knows its job,” he added. “You can hold it back for a while, but gradually, it wins. Most of what you do is temporary until Mother Nature says, ‘I’ve had enough.’ ”
Maybe — just maybe — Ms. Thorne said, this misfortune was God’s way of telling her, Enough. Her children had long been asking her to move out of the trailer home, which is in an unincorporated part of Jefferson County near Arnold, she said. They wanted her to move into a more populated part of town.
“It’s going to be a new year, and God wants me to open my horizons,” said Ms. Thorne, who was a housewife and now lives off the disability checks of her husband, who died four years ago.
For now, the way forward remains far from Ms. Thorne’s mind. She is still shaking off the shock of what has happened.
After three days of heavy, steady rain pounded the region, she watched the news on Monday and heard that floods were coming. She looked in the distance to see the Meramec creeping ever so slowly through the woods toward her mobile home. Yet she was confident that it would be safe.
Her landlord had erected a five-foot levee along the trailer park, she said. And she remembered a few years back when her home remained dry even though the river climbed to 38.5 feet.
She still took precautions, buying two tons of sand for $40 to fill 200 bags donated by the Fire Department to create a small barrier along the edge of the park of about 15 to 20 mobile homes.
It was not until late Monday night, when she saw the water lapping at her steps, heard it gurgling beneath the trailer and saw it engulfing an adjacent shed, that she started to think this was serious. And even then, it took a neighbor’s encouragement before she decided to leave.
So she disconnected her computers and packed whatever she could — boots, clothes — into four boxes and two suitcases. Her oldest son, who lives with her, stuffed all he could into two black rolling suitcases. They sent their Chinese pug, Jake, and their two cockatiels, Benny and Joon, off with friends. Whatever they could not remove, they stacked on beds and desks.
Then they prayed that the water would not rise too high.
They did save some of their other valuables when two of Ms. Thorne’s sons — she has five children total — came over Tuesday and Wednesday to haul out some items that had been left. Before the water was too high, she made sure that one of her daughters went back to fetch an angel ornament from the Christmas tree. The daughter had bought her the ornament when they went to see a production of “The Nutcracker” at a local high school auditorium.
On Thursday morning, Ms. Thorne returned to the park to assess the damage but could not get very close. About half of the trailer was consumed in what looked like a lake; her blue minivan next to it was covered by water almost to the roof.
“My daughter had to grab me because I wanted to run into the water and grab what I could,” Ms. Thorne said.
Mostly what Ms. Thorne has now is a pile of donated blankets on the cot she is sleeping on at the shelter. And her favorite drinking cup — a plastic Mason jar with a red straw — that she also made sure to tell her daughter to grab.
And, yes, as the calendar changes to a new year, there is even still a little bit of optimism.
“A bad ending,” Ms. Thorne said, swiping her left hand through the air, “and a new bright. ...”
She paused, then continued: “Hopefully, beginning.”



ARTICLE
Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old black man who died of a broken neck after he was taken into police custody in Baltimore, complained of back trouble less than two weeks before that encounter, according to a document filed in court by defense lawyers for a police officer charged with murder in his death.
The filing, which a court official said was made public Thursday, was part of efforts by lawyers for Officer Caesar R. Goodson Jr., to obtain Mr. Gray’s medical records. Officer Goodson was the driver of the police van in which prosecutors say Mr. Gray sustained the fatal injury. Mr. Gray’s death in April spurred widespread protests in Baltimore and became part of the national debate over police officers’ use of force against minorities. Officer Goodson’s trial on murder charges, including second-degree “depraved heart” murder, is set to begin Jan. 11. The document suggests that his lawyers will try to argue that Mr. Gray was already injured, at least to a degree, when he was arrested and loaded into the van.
Prosecutors have said that Mr. Gray sustained a debilitating spinal cord injury while he was bound in the police van, and that his death might have been prevented if police officers had used a seatbelt for Mr. Gray or summoned medical care. The filing includes a brief report written by Sgt. John Herzog on May 1, 2015, after Mr. Gray died April 19. Sergeant Herzog said that, on March 31, Mr. Gray had come to the police station to offer information about robberies in the area — a point that, if true, would add a layer of complexity to his relationship with the police — and that Sergeant Herzog had noticed Mr. Gray sitting “awkwardly” during that meeting.
“I asked Freddie Gray why he was sitting the way that he was and he stated something to the effect of ‘I hurt my back’ or ‘I have a bad back,’ ” Sergeant Herzog wrote.
Officer Goodson is the second of the six officers to go on trial; another officer, William G. Porter, was tried on charges including manslaughter in December, but the jury deadlocked and a mistrial was declared.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON —  Calling for “a change in our legal culture,” Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. devoted his year-end report on the state of the federal judiciary to a plea that lawyers “avoid antagonistic tactics, wasteful procedural maneuvers and teetering brinkmanship.”
But critics said the report praised a development that will limit the amount of information individuals can obtain from companies and the government, frustrating their ability to prove their cases.
The chief justice’s report welcomed December’s adoption of major changes to the rules governing civil litigation in the federal courts, notably limits on the pretrial exchange of information that lawyers call discovery.
“I cannot believe that many members of the bar went to law school because of a burning desire to spend their professional life wearing down opponents with creatively burdensome discovery requests or evading legitimate requests through dilatory tactics,” Chief Justice Roberts wrote.
The amended rules limit discovery to materials that are “proportional to the needs of the case.”
The change has not met with universal approval.
“This provision will be used to restrict a citizen’s access to the information that often is critical to establishing a grievance, whether it be a civil rights claim or an economic or personal injury claim,” said Arthur R. Miller, a law professor at New York University.
Suja A. Thomas, a law professor at the University of Illinois, said the new rules were too sweeping.
“They were aimed to decrease costs in the cases where costs were out of control,” she said. “This is a very small set of cases.”
On the other hand, she added, the new rules may tie the hands of litigants like victims of employment discrimination. “These are cases where discovery is very important because employers have so much information,” she said.
Stephen B. Burbank, a law professor at the University of Pennsylvania, said the new rules were a poor fit for many lawsuits and will often prove counterproductive.
“Continuing a trend that goes back decades, these amendments take a problem that arises chiefly in complex, high-stakes litigation between corporations, and devise solutions that necessarily apply to all federal litigation,” he said. “As a result, the layers of additional expense that active judicial management can impose make litigation costlier for litigants less able to afford it, including most importantly individuals.”
But Chief Justice Roberts said proportionality was a common-sense concept that should be embraced by lawyers.
Judith Resnik, a law professor at Yale, said she welcomed the chief justice’s embrace of the orderly amendment of the rules as part of “a deliberative process, with input from a wide array of participants.”
But she said the Supreme Court in the last few years had “taken upon itself to reread rules rather than use that process,” notably by giving judges greater authority to dismiss cases soon after they are filed.
The court’s vow to the amendment process will be tested in its current term in three cases concerning a rule governing class actions, she said.
“The concern is that the court will leapfrog over the rule amendment process and impose a reading that will limit the use of class actions,” she said. “Hopefully, the chief justice’s commitment to the process will be reflected in the decisions to come.”
Chief Justice Roberts wrote that the amended rules represented important progress.
Just as “a change in the culture left dueling by the wayside and left us with lessons learned,” he wrote, “we should not miss the opportunity to help ensure that federal court litigation does not degenerate into wasteful clashes.”



ARTICLE
HOUSTON —  Texas is so gun-friendly that it is easier to get into the Capitol in Austin with a firearm than without one — licensed, gun-carrying lawmakers and members of the public have their own no-wait security lane, and the unarmed masses have to stand in line and slog through the metal detectors.
But on Friday, gun rights throughout the state expanded still more, as a new law took effect that allows certain Texans to wear their handguns in holsters on their hips — or in shoulder holsters, Dirty Harry-style — openly displaying the fact that they are armed as they work, shop, dine and go about their day.
The so-called open-carry law has set off a long-simmering debate over the limits of the Texas gun culture and has given gun rights advocates a hard-fought victory after they pushed for the expansion for years. Members of the pro-gun group Open Carry Texas were to gather at noon Friday on the south steps of the Capitol for a gun-on-their-hips celebration before walking down Congress Avenue. Other groups plan to display their weaponry at events in Houston, Dallas and other cities.
“I think most people can expect Friday to be just like Thursday,” said C. J. Grisham, 41, a retired Army sergeant who formed Open Carry Texas in 2013. He says he plans to carry two semiautomatic pistols at the Capitol rally, and gave his 13-year-old daughter a pink .22-caliber rifle for her 12th birthday. “I think everybody is overreacting.”
More than 40 states allow some form of open carry. But Texas will become the most populous open-carry state, and the public nature of the debate and vote has produced measures of elation, anxiety and confusion over the new law.
The mixed emotions have prompted law enforcement agencies to hold public meetings and release informational videos to help put some residents at ease, particularly in the wake of high-profile mass shootings.
Open-carry supporters say more public weapons will help deter would-be criminals. Opponents say that police officers will have a hard time separating the good guys from the bad, and that there is no evidence that open-carry states are safer.
The change directly affects only a small fraction of Texans — 925,000 men and women with active state-issued licenses to carry a concealed firearm, close to 4 percent of the state’s 27.4 million residents. Only those with a concealed-handgun permit are allowed to open carry, and all of them must submit their fingerprints and pass a criminal background check.
Texans do not need a state license to buy a handgun but must meet the federal qualifications. If Texas gun owners want to carry their handguns outside their home, they must apply for a license through the Texas Department of Public Safety, be at least 21 and complete training courses and a written examination.
State lawmakers and gun rights advocates have played down the effect of the new law, saying that they believe that the majority of those licensed to carry a firearm will choose to keep it concealed. Even the author of the law, State Representative Larry Phillips, Republican Sherman, said he did not plan on routinely wearing his handgun on his hip.
“I don’t think you’re going to see a major change,” Mr. Phillips said. “Most people I talk to say they’re going to conceal carry.”
Tim Vasquez, the chief of police in the West Texas city of San Angelo and the president of the Texas Police Chiefs Association, said police officials were bracing for “a huge learning curve” as they begin enforcing the law.
“Most of us do support concealed, but we also understand that open carry creates a whole new set of problems,” Chief Vasquez said. “If our officers see someone with an open carry, they do have the ability to stop and identify whether that person is permitted or not.”
Gun rights will advance again in August, when students and faculty members at Texas universities will be allowed to carry concealed handguns on campus, although openly carrying them is prohibited.
The new open-carry law allows businesses to ban the visible wearing of handguns, by posting signs with specific required wording in English and Spanish. Merchants and restaurant owners have been busy in recent weeks deciding what to do, and gun rights advocates have vowed not to spend money anywhere that bans open carry.
One pro-gun website, Texas3006.com, has been keeping track of the businesses that have posted signs and created a “Wall of Shame” for those with the most entries (at the top of the list was the Sprouts grocery chain).
Opponents of open carry have publicized their own lists, including the national group Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, which applauded H-E-B grocery stores, the Chuy’s Tex-Mex restaurant chain and others for banning open carry.
“We feel customers and employees will feel safer when people are not openly walking around with guns,” said Anna Kehde, the Texas chapter leader of Moms Demand Action. “It’s hard to tell who is a responsible gun owner and who is someone I should seek cover from.”
Certain places are off-limits to concealed and unconcealed handguns under Texas law in most cases, including sporting events, amusement parks, bars, courts, governmental meetings and places of worship.
The law has brought renewed attention to the state’s licensed gun carriers, and questions of who will and who will not open carry. John Wittman, a spokesman for Gov. Greg Abbott, a longtime proponent of gun rights who signed the bill into law in June, declined to comment when asked whether the governor would openly carry. A spokesman for Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick, who also has a concealed-carry license, said Mr. Patrick did not plan on openly carrying.
For many pro-gun Texans, the arrival of open carry is not enough. Many of them did not support the open-carry bill but instead called for legislation for what they called “constitutional carry” — allowing Texans to display and wear their handguns regardless of whether they were licensed to carry a concealed firearm because, they argued, the Second Amendment gives them the right to do so. They are urging the passage of a constitutional-carry bill in the next session of the Legislature.
The new law is anticlimactic for one other reason. Texas has no prohibition on the open carrying of rifles, shotguns and other long guns, a right that gun owners have taken advantage of in recent years by showing up at open-carry rallies and other events with loaded AR-15s and other military-style rifles strapped across their backs.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON —  The State Department fell short of a court order requiring the release of the vast bulk of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s emails by the end of 2015, but promised on Thursday to catch up early in the new year.
Just hours before the year ended, the department disclosed another 5,500 pages of Mrs. Clinton’s messages in its latest monthly release. But it acknowledged that it would not meet the target set by a federal judge of producing 82 percent of her emails by the end of December.
“We have worked diligently to come as close to the goal as possible, but with the large number of documents involved and the holiday schedule, we have not met the goal this month,” the department said in a statement. “To narrow that gap, the State Department will make another production of former Secretary Clinton’s email sometime next week.”
Last May, Judge Rudolph Contreras of United States District Court for the District of Columbia ordered the State Department to release Mrs. Clinton’s emails on a rolling basis each month in response to a lawsuit filed by Vice News under the Freedom of Information Act. He specified no penalties for any violations.
The department has released thousands of pages of the emails — which were housed on a private server in Mrs. Clinton’s home — on the last day of each month and is supposed to complete the disclosure by Jan. 29.
The emails posted Thursday provided a further glimpse into the cloistered and sometimes caustic world of Mrs. Clinton’s entourage during her four-year stint as the nation’s top diplomat. On display once again were the rivalries and insecurities in her circle as she represented to the outside world the man who beat her for the presidency.
One ally confided to her that Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany did not care for “the Obama phenomenon,” while another urged immediate aid to Libya if Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi were to fall, as he later did. Some of her advisers did little to hide their disdain for President Obama’s aides, while Mrs. Clinton herself fretted about reports that she did not exercise enough influence in the White House. “Pls go through my schedules and count my visits to refute this and correct record,” Mrs. Clinton wrote an aide in response to a “ridiculous column” on the number of times she had visited the White House.
Subordinates and outsiders lavished praise on her. Henry A. Kissinger, perhaps her most famous living predecessor, wrote in 2012 seeking help to declassify some of his papers, ending with this handwritten note: “I greatly admire the skill and aplomb with which you conduct our foreign policy.”
The sometimes byzantine nature of Mrs. Clinton’s orbit was summed up in one email from Philippe Reines, who designed an irreverent flow chart to determine who should ride in her limousine while she traveled abroad. “Ambassador Tolerable?” one entry asked. If yes, he or she got to ride in the car. If not, Mrs. Clinton would ride without the intolerable envoy.
Lanny J. Davis, a friend since law school, complained to Mrs. Clinton about the cold shoulder he had received from the White House, saying he wished Mr. Obama could understand “how supportive I have been” and adding that “his staff still can’t get over campaign.” Sidney Blumenthal, another longtime friend who regularly provided advice, scorned “Gibbs’ and Axelrod’s rock bottom performances exposing utter political vacuity on the Sunday shows,” referring to Robert Gibbs and David Axelrod, two close Obama aides.
Mr. Blumenthal was the one who passed along advice about Ms. Merkel in 2009 from John Kornblum, who was Bill Clinton’s ambassador to Germany. “He says she dislikes the atmospherics surrounding the Obama phenomenon, that it’s contrary to her whole idea of politics and how to conduct oneself in general,” Mr. Blumenthal wrote.
As for Mrs. Clinton, she continued to struggle with technology. “I’ve had big problems w my blackberry, which has been having a nervous breakdown on my dime!” she wrote one day.
With the latest releases, more than 1,200 messages have been found to contain classified information. But even some of those released Thursday were redacted heavily under a privacy exemption. One sent to Mrs. Clinton referring to Huma Abedin, one of her closest aides, forwarded a message with the subject line “Threat,” but the text was blacked out.
Mrs. Clinton’s presidential campaign was sensitive to the perception that the batch posted online Thursday was deliberately released on New Year’s Eve, a time when attention would be low. The campaign made a point on Twitter of reminding the public that the release date was set according to the court schedule.
The State Department also sent nearly 2,500 pages of emails and documents Thursday to the Select Committee on Benghazi, the congressional panel investigating the handling of the 2012 terrorist attacks on a diplomatic post in Libya that killed four Americans.



ARTICLE
LOS ANGELES — The mother of a fugitive Texas teenager known for using an “affluenza” defense in a fatal drunken-driving accident is expected to remain in jail in Los Angeles for several days after being deported from Mexico, investigators said Thursday.
The mother, Tonya Couch, 48, and her son, Ethan, 18, were taken into custody Monday night in Puerto Vallarta after the United States marshals Service tipped off the Mexican authorities to their location. The authorities believe the pair fled there in November as Texas prosecutors investigated whether Mr. Couch had violated the terms of his probation.
Mr. Couch was being held at a detention facility in Mexico City after winning a court reprieve that could lead to a lengthy legal process in Mexico, a Mexican immigration official said.
But his mother was deported and flown to Los Angeles, where she was escorted through the city’s sprawling airport in handcuffs by federal marshals early Thursday. She will remain jailed in Los Angeles until officers can take her to Texas, which probably will not be until at least next week.
A spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County district attorney’s office, Jane Robison, said Thursday that no extradition hearing was planned ahead of the New Year’s holiday.
Prosecutors in Tarrant County, Tex., charged Mrs. Couch with hindering apprehension of a felon, and her bond there was set at $1 million, a spokeswoman for the district attorney’s office, Samantha Jordan, said.
A call to Mrs. Couch’s lawyer was not immediately returned. It was not clear why she was flown to Los Angeles; a spokesman for the marshals service, Eugene Hwang, said he could not discuss details of the trip.
Mr. Couch was driving drunk and speeding in a pickup truck near Fort Worth in June 2013 when he crashed into a disabled sport utility vehicle, killing four people and injuring several others. He was sentenced to probation.
During the sentencing phase of his trial, a defense expert argued that his wealthy parents had coddled him into a sense of irresponsibility — a condition the expert termed “affluenza.” The condition is not recognized as a medical diagnosis by the American Psychiatric Association, and its invocation during the legal proceedings drew ridicule.
The appeal filed in Mexico on behalf of Mr. Couch argues that deportation would violate his rights. Richard Hunter, chief deputy for the marshals service in Houston, said Wednesday that the legal maneuver basically takes the deportation decision out of an immigration agent’s hands and asks a higher authority to make it.
Such cases can often take up to several months, depending on the priorities of the local courts, he said.



ARTICLE
CHICAGO —  The top county prosecutor here Thursday asked the F.B.I. to investigate the fatal shooting of two people by a Chicago police officer over the weekend, and Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s administration separately released a trove of emails showing how City Hall aides scrambled for months to address an earlier police shooting that was captured on video. 
The request for a federal investigation, made by State’s Attorney Anita Alvarez of Cook County, came five days after an officer fatally shot Quintonio LeGrier, a college student said to have been wielding a baseball bat, and Bettie Jones, a 55-year-old neighbor who police said was accidentally struck by the gunfire. The F.B.I. did not announce an investigation, but said in a statement there was ongoing “analysis and assessment of the circumstances surrounding the incident.”
The conduct of the police has become a pressing issue for Mr. Emanuel, who has faced persistent demonstrations and calls to resign over the way his administration handled the 2014 killing of 17-year-old Laquan McDonald, particularly its resistance to releasing the video showing a white officer shooting the black teenager 16 times. 
 On Thursday, as protesters again marched through downtown, his administration released about 3,000 pages of emails related to the McDonald case that spanned more than a year. The messages showed top City Hall officials coordinating a response to the shooting, sharing information about media inquiries with the independent body that investigates police shootings, and in recent weeks seeking to temper dissent and make changes to Chicago’s embattled Police Department. 
Mr. McDonald was carrying a knife and veering away from police on Oct. 20, 2014, when Officer Jason Van Dyke shot him repeatedly, continuing to fire after he collapsed on the ground. The police cruiser camera footage, which City Hall officials sought for months to keep sealed, was released under court order in November on the same day Officer Van Dyke was charged with first-degree murder. Officer Van Dyke told investigators he shot because he feared for his safety. 
The emails, made public after open records requests by news organizations, show a growing awareness among Mr. Emanuel’s aides of the case’s significance in early 2015 and their repeated denials of journalists’ open-records requests for the video or other documents related to the case. Then comes the harried outreach to community leaders after a judge ordered the video be made public. 
“We have five days to build community buy in and dialogue,” David Spielfogel, a mayoral adviser, wrote to fellow aides after a lawyer offered to help plan a peaceful demonstration before the video was released. “We shouldn’t waste a second.” 
Notably sparse in the documents, which spanned October 2014 to early December 2015, were emails from Mr. Emanuel, who officials said usually communicates with staff by phone and in person. In one of the rare emails from Mr. Emanuel in the release, from days before the video was made public, the mayor asked Kelley Quinn, a spokeswoman, about the weather forecast. “How much snow then,” he wrote, in a partly redacted email chain. Another time, Mr. Emanuel asked aides questions about police body cameras as city officials announced increased use of them in Chicago.
 Though the death of Mr. McDonald has dominated national headlines recently, it received relatively little attention in the days after the shooting. The morning after the shooting, Chicago Public Schools officials copied mayoral aides on a note about the encounter and a request not to publicize it immediately “due to the sensitivity of the incident.”
As months wore on, and as city lawyers began negotiations that led to a $5 million settlement with the family, top City Hall staffers emailed more frequently about the case. The settlement came just after Mr. Emanuel won re-election in early April, leading some to question whether political interests played a role in the timing. City officials have insisted they did not.
 There was, however, growing concern at City Hall, after the election, about how the case could affect Mr. Emanuel at a time of increased scrutiny nationally about police conduct.
 In April, a members of The New York Times editorial board emailed with communications staff about the settlement, one aide asked colleagues whether there was “value in making clear that the mayor wants the video out as well” after the criminal investigation was completed. Adam Collins, a spokesman for Mr. Emanuel, suggested that the mayor be left out of the response. “Ultimately,” Mr. Collins wrote, “they want the video out now, so the line isn’t going to be very persuasive anyways and I’m not sure we want to insert him into any more than he already is.”
Mr. Collins, complained to colleagues in May that the Independent Police Review Authority, the city agency that investigates the most egregious complaints of officer misconduct, did not follow his recommendation on how to respond to a television station about the McDonald case.
The messages show regular discussions about news media requests between mayoral staffers and top officials at the review authority. Ms. Quinn, the mayoral spokeswoman, said on Thursday that the correspondence was appropriate, and that the mayor’s office does not interfere with investigations.
For months, Mr. Emanuel’s aides monitored news sites, Facebook and Twitter for Mr. McDonald’s name; five days before the video was released, one press aide noted that #LaquanMcDonald was a “trending topic” on Twitter.
 They were also sensitive to news media coverage that suggested impending unrest. “Can someone please monitor social media on the release of the video?” Ms. Quinn emailed fellow aides. “Want to see if the drumbeat gets louder.”
On Nov. 23, the day before the video was released and Officer Van Dyke was charged, Mr. Collins fired off an email to a CNN correspondent. “Hey there,” he wrote. “Why am I seeing a banner headline on CNN that reads RIOT FEARS IN CHICAGO?”
 Also in the buildup to the release, an aide emailed others for help in arranging a meeting between Mr. Emanuel and Mr. McDonald’s family. Ms. Quinn said Thursday that the meeting never happened. After the video’s release, though demonstrations remained largely peaceful, there was a growing realization at City Hall that questions about police conduct were not subsiding.
 On Nov. 30, the night before Mr. Emanuel fired his police superintendent, Garry F. McCarthy, and days before the Justice Department announced an investigation into the Chicago police, an aide emailed colleagues about leaving a protest at Police Headquarters.
 “Following protest, I met with organizers and faith leaders,” the note said. The activists told him that they were “planning to host the next protest at City Hall in a week.”



ARTICLE
After decades of disappointingly slow progress, researchers have taken a substantial step toward a possible treatment for Duchenne muscular dystrophy with the help of a powerful new gene-editing technique.
Duchenne muscular dystrophy is a progressive muscle-wasting disease that affects boys, putting them in wheelchairs by age 10, followed by an early death from heart failure or breathing difficulties. The disease is caused by defects in a gene that encodes a protein called dystrophin, which is essential for proper muscle function.
Because the disease is devastating and incurable, and common for a hereditary illness, it has long been a target for gene therapy, though without success. An alternative treatment, drugs based on chemicals known as antisense oligonucleotides, is in clinical trials.
But gene therapy — the idea of curing a genetic disease by inserting the correct gene into damaged cells — is making a comeback. A new technique, known as Crispr-Cas9, lets researchers cut the DNA of chromosomes at selected sites to remove or insert segments.
Three research groups, working independently of one another, reported in the journal Science on Thursday that they had used the Crispr-Cas9 technique to treat mice with a defective dystrophin gene. Each group loaded the DNA-cutting system onto a virus that infected the mice’s muscle cells, and excised from the gene a defective stretch of DNA known as an exon.
Without the defective exon, the muscle cells made a shortened dystrophin protein that was nonetheless functional, giving all of the mice more strength.
The teams were led by Charles A. Gersbach of Duke University, Eric N. Olson of the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center and Amy J. Wagers of Harvard University.
“The papers are pretty significant,” said Louis M. Kunkel, a muscular dystrophy expert at Boston Children’s Hospital who discovered the dystrophin gene in 1986.
The dystrophin protein plays a structural role, anchoring each muscle fiber to the membrane that encloses the muscle-fiber bundle. The dystrophin gene, which guides the protein’s production in the cell, sprawls across about 1 percent of the X chromosome and is the largest in the human genome.
That gene has 79 sections, or exons, but can evidently maintain reasonable function even if a few exons in the middle are lost. The protein works as long as its two ends are intact.
This is what happens in a milder disease known as Becker muscular dystrophy, in which mutations cause instructions from a few exons to be skipped during the protein-making process. In Duchenne muscular dystrophy, however, mutations cause muscle cells to make a truncated protein missing one end, and this protein does not work at all.
This difference suggests a possible treatment strategy: removing damaged exons so Duchenne patients’ muscle cells produce an intact, though shorter, dystrophin protein, much like that seen in Becker patients.
A laboratory strain of mice has Duchenne-type muscular dystrophy in which a major part of the dystrophin protein is lost because of a mutation in the 23rd exon of the gene. In 2014, Dr. Olson’s team reported that it had been able to edit out the damaged exon, enabling muscle cells to generate a functional protein.
That gene editing was done in the fertilized egg of the mouse, making an inheritable change to the mouse’s genome. There is a moratorium on making such changes to the human genome, and in any case, such an intervention would come too late for muscular dystrophy patients. So Dr. Olson’s next step was to see if he could produce the same result in the muscles of young mice.
In the study published Thursday, Dr. Olson’s team reported that they loaded the gene-editing system into a harmless virus, along with guides that directed it to cut the two ends of the 23rd exon. The virus infected muscle cells throughout the mouse’s body, snipping out the exon from the dystrophin gene.
The muscle cells repaired the DNA by joining the pieces of the cut chromosome and generated an effective dystrophin protein.
The two other teams performed almost exactly the same experiment, each pursuing a consequence of its own previous research. Dr. Gersbach’s group reported earlier in 2015 that, with Crispr-Cas9 editing, they could remove the 45th to 55th exons of the dystrophin gene from Duchenne patient cells grown in laboratory cultures. With the damaged exons removed, the cells started to produce dystrophin proteins.
More than 60 percent of Duchenne patients have mutations in these exons, so this approach could be significant for them.
Dr. Wagers has long been interested in the stem cells that generate new muscle cells. Her team’s experiment differed from the others in that it looked specifically at whether the gene-altering virus could infect these stem cells, and found that it could.
Treating a patient’s muscle stem cells could produce a more permanent result than changing ordinary muscle cells, which turn over at a brisk rate in muscular dystrophy patients, though not in healthy people.
All three teams have filed for patents. But considerable work lies ahead before clinical trials can start. It is not clear how the human immune system would react to the components of the gene-editing system or to modified dystrophin proteins to which it has not been habituated.
If a gene therapy for muscular dystrophy can be developed, it will compete with the antisense oligonucleotide drugs that are already in clinical trials. These work on the same principle of avoiding damaged exons, but instead of cutting them out of the DNA, they force the exons to be skipped at a later stage of the protein manufacturing process.
The drugs do not target the heart muscles very well, however, and they must be given weekly. A gene therapy treatment should last longer.
“The advantage of the DNA approach is that the cell has no choice but to make the protein you want,” Dr. Wagers said.
Some fear that Duchenne patients may get only one shot at treatment before developing resistance to the virus used to edit the defective exons. But Dr. Gersbach played down this concern.
“The hope for gene editing is that if we do this right, we will only need to do one treatment,” he said. “This method, if proven safe, could be applied to patients in the foreseeable future.”
Dr. Olson also said that progress would be rapid.
“To launch a clinical trial, we need to scale up, improve efficiency and assess safety,” Dr. Olson said. “I think within a few years, those issues can be addressed.”



ARTICLE
If you are still trying to decide on a New Year’s resolution, there are some people in Michigan who might be able to help: Promise never to use the word “problematic” again.
That is one of more than a dozen words and phrases on the 41st annual list of banished words that Lake Superior State University issues, drawn from a survey of words people hate, invent or annoyingly overuse.
Previous lists have included hated phrases such as “my bad” (1998), “forced relaxation” (1989), “free gift” (1988), “live audience” (1983, 1987, 1990). Last year’s list deemed “bae,” “polar vortex” and “hack” worthy of exile.
The banishments are intended as suggestions, or “food for thought,” to use a phrase that sounds as if it might deserve its own banishing.
This year, the most nominations went to a wee wisp of a word, the humble, two-letter “so.” It was already banished back in 1999, when people were suggesting that it be relegated to the dustbin because of phrases like “I am SO down with this list!”
The list is compiled from nominations worldwide of citizens and scholars alike, and the university helpfully includes quotes from those who care enough about the Queen’s English to write in. Here’s why Bob Forrest of Tempe, Ariz., finds “so” so annoying:
“Currently, it is being overused as the first word in the answer to ANY question. For instance, ‘How did you learn to play the piano?’ Answer: ‘So my dad was in a classical music club.”
The word “problematic” also got no respect. “A corporate-academic weasel word,” was how Urban Dictionary described it, the university noted.
Sometimes, new words simply appear out of nowhere. The need for them suddenly arises from something that is happening in our society, and boom! (banish that), there they are.
Take “manspreading,” which found a place on the 2016 list. It defines the habit some men have of taking up more space in public transportation than they need, opening their legs and encroaching on adjacent seats.
“Men don’t need another disgusting-sounding word thrown into the vocabulary to describe something they do … You’re just taking too much room on this train seat, be a little more polite.” Carrie Hansen, of Caledonia, Mich., wrote.
“Vape,” which is derived from the noun “vapor” but is masquerading as a verb, also made the list. “Vape” and “vaping” are used to describe the act of smoking e-cigarettes (another strange word, the university said).
David Ervin of Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, said he hopes the word “goes up in smoke.”
Some of the 2016 entries are compounds or phrases, ugly marriages of unrelated words that correspond to the times. Like this one: “Break the Internet.”
Or, as one word-watcher put it in an example: “I hope the list doesn’t ‘break the internet.’ (How else would I read it next year)?”



ARTICLE
MUSCATINE, Iowa —  It was the same question, on the same topic, asked on the same day to two different candidates: How, as president, would you hold down the crushing cost of a college education?
Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey gave an operatic, eight-minute answer in which he derided rock-climbing walls as an extravagant campus fad, disclosed in minute detail his children’s tuition bill for the year ($120,500), poked fun at his weight and imagined a hypothetical showdown in which he told his 19-year-old daughter she could not return to the University of Notre Dame because of the price tag.
“After the crying, the stamping of the feet, the running upstairs, and slamming of door, the ‘you are ruining my life’ — you know what we are going to do,” he said to knowing laughs. “We are going to figure out a way, any way we can, to make it work.”
At a campaign stop 70 miles away, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida gave an answer half as long. Mr. Rubio efficiently, almost mechanically, ticked through his three-point plan to allow students to use work experience for class credit (in his words, “competency-based learning”), let private investors pay for tuition and make colleges divulge which majors yield the best-paying jobs. He concluded with a dark assessment of liberal arts colleges as “indoctrination camps” protected by the political left “because all their friends work there.”
As the campaign for the Republican presidential nomination enters a crucial stretch, Mr. Rubio and Mr. Christie, two political thoroughbreds who are among their generation’s most naturally gifted politicians, are circling each other in Iowa and New Hampshire, determined to use the intimate, grip-and-grin style of town hall meetings to persuade voters to support them.
But a close-in study of their approach over 48 hours here reveals the strikingly different styles of the rivals, who are under increasing pressure to perform, especially given Senator Ted Cruz’s growing dominance in Iowa.
In a sign of their intensifying competition, Mr. Rubio and Mr. Christie traded unexpectedly stinging insults over the past few days, as Mr. Christie’s standing rose and Mr. Rubio sought to cement his standing as a top-tier candidate. Mr. Christie caustically mocked Mr. Rubio’s spotty voting record in the Senate, saying, “Dude, show up,” and prompting the Florida senator to belittle the New Jersey governor’s own work ethic. “You know, Chris has been missing in New Jersey for half the time,” Mr. Rubio said.
Mr. Christie’s town-hall-style meetings here are stripped-down, unfussy affairs, so determinedly casual that his staff picks coffeehouses, bowling alleys and even bars as sites. (Bars are inexpensive, staff members say, and the setting all but guarantees a crowd.) He uses no stage or barriers, just a microphone and a bottle of water with the label ripped off. He plops himself down in the middle of the room and wanders into the crowd and plays for laughs at almost every turn: The audience at a cafe here broke into laughter 21 times.
Mr. Rubio’s events are much more meticulously planned, so formal that cloth-covered fencing is set up around the perimeter of the room. (Aides said it made the young lawmaker seem more presidential.) He speaks the entire time atop a raised platform, flanked by enormous red-white-and-blue campaign posters lit by spotlights. Polished applause lines tumble from his mouth: In Clinton, Iowa, the crowd interrupted him at least 15 times with bursts of clapping.
Mr. Christie, a 53-year-old two-term governor, projects the unhumble air of a seasoned elected official, expressing bewilderment and umbrage that lesser men (by his lights) from the legislative branch of government believe they are capable of occupying the White House.
The presidency, he said across Iowa over the past few days, in a fail-safe, crowd-pleasing jab, cannot fall into the hands of another United States senator. “By definition, they do nothing,” Mr. Christie said. “They go to Washington and they vote. They are one of 100. We need people who have actually run something, done something and been held accountable for something.”
Mr. Rubio, a 44-year-old first-term senator, bypasses talk of résumé and rivals to evoke the threat of a liberal agenda that he warns could send the United States, a beacon of democratic hope and economic innovation, into an irretrievable downward spiral of big-government decay. He offers himself up as a grateful child of immigrants who can rescue it.
“I am running for president,” he told Iowans at stop after stop, “because America owes me nothing. I have a debt to this country I will never repay. Because America is the exceptional country that literally changed the history of my family.”
Mr. Rubio favors lofty, patriotic, high-minded narration to make his points; Mr. Christie relies on emotional, sometimes borscht-belt-style storytelling that can drag his events to two hours, twice as long as Mr. Rubio’s.
Asked about the funding shortfall for Social Security, Mr. Christie zeroed in on a few older women in a cafe, walking up to them and delivering his proposal to raise the retirement age with a side of marital humor. Male life expectancy, he said, has risen to 79, closing in on 83 for women. “That four-year vacation you were hoping for at the end of your life from us, you may not get it,” Mr. Christie told them as laughs erupted across the room. “We may be hanging with you the entire trip.”
Mr. Rubio’s style can be stirring — or oddly disconnected. When a young woman at his event in Clinton wondered what he would do to lure millennial voters to the Republican Party, pointing out that she was one of just a handful from that generation who came out to see him, Mr. Rubio delivered a rehearsed-sounding answer heavy on campaign talking points instead of an actual strategy. “Here is how we are going to fix it,” he said. “By allowing free enterprise and limited government to be applied to the challenges of the 21st century.”
The young woman looked unpersuaded.
Voters seem highly attuned to the stagecraft (or lack of it) in the candidates’ dueling town halls. In Clinton, in the northeast corner of the state, about a dozen people were left standing at a Rubio event despite ample space in the room: Using an old campaign trick, his staff had subdivided a large banquet hall to create the illusion of a packed room, but that also meant there was insufficient seating.
“I’m surprised they didn’t use this whole room,” said Laurie Kuehl, a 72-year-old woman who arrived after all the seats were filled.
In Waukee, Iowa, on Wednesday night, Mr. Christie’s decision to hold an event at an Irish pub left a dozen or so regulars at the bar confused about how an evening drink with friends had turned into a presidential campaign event. “I had no idea he was coming,” said Gaylen Wermouth, 44, a construction worker sipping a Bud Light as Mr. Christie held court on matters of national security and debt.
Mr. Rubio does reveal his personal side, albeit less frequently and unreservedly than Mr. Christie. He talks about his student debt, paid off just four years ago, and just how old he was when he met his wife, Jeanette (he was 19; she was 17). On Wednesday, his wife and four children attended his talk in the town of Pella. The crowd seemed delighted when Mr. Rubio interrupted his speech to point out something to his wife across the room: His youngest son, Dominick, 8, had gotten his pants wet. “It looks like he spilled something on it,” Mr. Rubio said, paternally.
There are some variables neither Mr. Rubio nor Mr. Christie can control, like the weather, but even their struggles with snow revealed their differences. An icy storm that hit Sunday night left both candidates unable to fly into Iowa for events on Monday. Mr. Christie, however, flew to Chicago on Monday night and drove for four hours to Davenport, Iowa, with his staff to make it on time to his event there early Tuesday morning. Mr. Rubio’s event was almost four hours later, but he still could not make it on time. As the pilot struggled to find a deiced runway on which to land, one Iowa voter was impatiently counting the minutes.
“Forty-five minutes late,” the voter, Jim Richardson, 61, of Bettendorf, said afterward. Like most Iowa voters this time of year, he was keeping score: Mr. Rubio, he said, arrived five minutes later than Donald J. Trump had for his last event in Iowa.



ARTICLE
Senator Ted Cruz raised significantly more money in the final three months of the year while Ben Carson maintained his pace in fund-raising during that period, according to numbers released by the Republican presidential hopefuls’ campaigns.
Mr. Cruz and Mr. Carson were the first of the 2016 candidates to release broad-stroke details of how much money they raised during the fourth and final quarter of the year. The full filings, with details on donors and the amounts spent by the campaigns, are not required to be submitted to the Federal Election Commission until Jan. 31.
Mr. Cruz, who has been rising in polls, particularly in Iowa, raised nearly $20 million from October through the end of the year, according to a memo released Wednesday by his campaign. The figures were intended to show a muscular operation that can convert money into votes, with the total representing a two-thirds increase over the $12.2 million that Mr. Cruz reported raising from July through the end of September.
“We will conclude 2015 with having raised over $45 million,” Mr. Cruz’s campaign manager, Jeff Roe, wrote in a memo that also laid out the campaign’s number of volunteers, its fund-raising leaders in crucial regions and its overall preparedness for the long nominating contest ahead, which starts with voting in Iowa a month from now.
Mr. Carson, meanwhile, reported raising roughly $23 million, a small increase from the nearly $21 million he raised in the previous quarter.
The figures were notable given that Mr. Carson has recently slipped in polls after being pummeled by reports questioning some of the details of his life story, which he has used as the basis for his candidacy. The retired neurosurgeon has also struggled to answer elemental questions on foreign policy as national security has risen as a significant issue for voters.
But several candidates had no plans to release numbers on Thursday, according to aides. For some, that was a function of the fact that the final day of fundraising could bring in more money. For others, delaying a potentially bad story about low fundraising to the end of January, the day before the Iowa caucuses, may be a factor.
On the Democratic side, none of the three candidates had released their numbers by midday Wednesday. Martin O’Malley, who trails behind Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders, is the only candidate who has applied for federal matching funds. He has reallocated staff members from his Maryland headquarters to Iowa in recent weeks, and has been said by people briefed on the matter to have had discussions about taking a bank loan based on the pending matching funds. Mr. O’Malley’s aides declined to comment on the discussions. Such loans based on the expectation of matching funds are considered fairly standard.
Aides to Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders have recently tried to raise expectations for what the other side will report in its fund-raising numbers while diminishing perceptions of their own totals, engaging in the common practice of setting expectations before the numbers are actually released.
Mr. Sanders has a strong base of low-dollar donors who can be tapped repeatedly, while Mrs. Clinton has relied more on traditional, larger fund-raising events.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON —  The United States military has sharply curtailed the use of psychologists at the prison at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, in response to strict new professional ethics rules of the American Psychological Association, Pentagon officials said.
Gen. John F. Kelly, the head of the United States Southern Command, which oversees Guantánamo, has ordered that psychologists be withdrawn from a wide range of activities dealing with detainees at the prison because of the new rules of the association, the nation’s largest professional organization for psychologists. The group approved the rules this past summer.
General Kelly’s order is the latest fallout after years of recriminations in the profession for the crucial role that psychologists played in the post-9/11 programs of harsh interrogation created by the C.I.A. and the Pentagon. The psychologists’ involvement in the interrogations enabled the Justice Department in the George W. Bush administration to issue secret legal opinions that declared that the C.I.A.’s so-called enhanced interrogation program was legal, in part because health professionals were monitoring it to make sure that it was safe and that it did not constitute torture.
Anger in the profession about the role of the psychologists helped lead to the new ethics rules.
In 2015, six psychologists were assigned to Guantánamo at a time and given rotating tours of duty, and as many as 12 psychologists served at Guantánamo during the year, according to Col. Lisa Garcia, a spokeswoman for the Southern Command.
Officials said that the order to pull psychologists out of detainee operations at Guantánamo, issued about two weeks ago but not made public, is intended to protect the psychologists from violating the new rules, which could expose them to losing their licenses. Many states use the psychological association’s ethics code in their professional licensing requirements for psychologists.
“These psychologists are licensed for independent practice and are volunteers” at Guantánamo, Cmdr. Karin Burzynski of the Navy, a spokeswoman for the Southern Command, said in a statement. “They are bound by their respective professional organizations’ ethical guidelines, and General Kelly will not jeopardize them losing their credentials.”
The new rules bar psychologists from any involvement in national security interrogations, and also bar them from providing mental health services to detainees at sites like Guantánamo that the United Nations has determined do not comply with international human rights law. Currently, no interrogations take place at Guantánamo, Commander Burzynski said, and instead only voluntary interviews are conducted when a detainee asks to speak with American personnel.
As a result of General Kelly’s order, psychologists at Guantánamo no longer observe or are involved with detainee interviews, or provide any feedback to the American military on detainee behavior, according to Commander Burzynski.
The psychologists have also been removed from the prison’s Behavioral Health Unit, which is responsible for detainee mental health programs, and from the prison’s so-called detainee socialization programs.
At Guantánamo, psychiatrists, Navy corpsmen and nurses specializing in mental health have replaced the psychologists to provide mental health treatment for detainees. Psychologists will still provide mental health care for American military personnel who work at the prison, which is allowed under the association’s rules.
Psychologists were more involved than psychiatrists in the Bush-era interrogation programs at the C.I.A. and the Pentagon, at least in part because Bush administration officials believed that officials at the American Psychological Association were more supportive of the role played by psychologists in interrogations. By contrast, Bush officials believed that officials at the American Psychiatric Association, which had tougher ethics rules, were not comfortable with the involvement of psychiatrists.
So far, the only other part of the government that has expressed concern about the new rules — and could be affected by them — is an F.B.I.-led unit that conducts terrorism interrogations overseas, the High-Value Detainee Interrogation Group. The group, which includes C.I.A. personnel and employs psychologists, was created by President Obama after he ended the Bush-era harsh interrogation programs in 2009.
Some current and former military psychologists have been critical of the A.P.A. ban, saying it is so broadly written that it could make it difficult for them to work professionally in almost any national security setting. But advocates of the ban say it had to be written in a way that would close what they believe were longstanding loopholes in the organization’s ethics guidance.
The new ethics rules for psychologists were approved at the American Psychological Association’s annual meeting in Toronto in August after an investigation, ordered by the group’s board, found that some association officials and other prominent psychologists colluded with government officials to make sure that the association’s policies did not prevent psychologists from involvement in abusive interrogations conducted during the Bush administration.
Two psychologists who were C.I.A. contractors, James Mitchell and Bruce Jessen, helped run the C.I.A.’s “enhanced interrogation” program, which is now widely considered to have included torture.
Association officials say that after General Kelly ordered psychologists out of detainee operations at Guantánamo, top Obama administration officials contacted them to express concerns.
Brad Carson, the acting under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness, made an “urgent request” to discuss the new ethics rules with top association officials, according to an email sent by a senior association official to the organization’s council of representatives.
“His primary concern was the policy’s prohibition on military psychologists providing mental and behavioral health services to detainees at the Guantánamo detention facility,” according to the email, written by Ellen G. Garrison, a senior policy adviser for the association who was on the phone call with Mr. Carson.
In a follow-up email to one leading member of the council, Ms. Garrison said that she told Mr. Carson that the association was not going to change its new policy to give the Pentagon what it wanted at Guantánamo.
The Pentagon declined to comment on Mr. Carson or any role he had in the matter.
Association officials say they were subsequently contacted by Jack Smith, a senior health policy official at the Pentagon, and Frazier Thomas, the director of the High-Value Detainee Interrogation Group, and are now scheduled to meet with both men next month. The Pentagon also declined to comment on Mr. Smith, and the F.B.I. declined to comment on Mr. Thomas.
Even as the association faces objections from the Obama administration on its ethics ban, it is also confronting dissent from current and former military psychologists who dispute the findings of the independent investigation.
The dissenters believe that the new ethics rules go too far and will have unintended consequences, and four prominent psychologists who were named in the report have issued a lengthy rebuttal to its findings.



ARTICLE
PACIFIC, Mo. —  The floodwaters that swept away cars and swamped living rooms decorated for Christmas slowly drained from homes and businesses outside St. Louis on Friday, leaving behind months of cleanup as the threat of record-breaking floods headed south toward towns and farm communities flanking the Mississippi River.
As people in southern Missouri and Illinois evacuated their homes or moved furniture to the second floor, nervously eyeing the river rising along flood walls, highways that flooded around St. Louis were reopened on Friday, and some soaked communities began allowing residents to return to survey the damage.
In Pacific, one of several hard-hit towns southwest of St. Louis, about 20 people lined up at a police checkpoint on Friday morning, home-inspection papers in hand, anxiously waiting to learn whether they would be allowed back in to see what was left. They were among hundreds who fled when the rain-engorged Meramec River spilled across highways and through neighborhoods, shattering flood records and rising to 27 feet above flood stage in some places.
Mitchell Duncan, 25, kept cycling through the line as the police told him he could not return to his rented duplex because it had yet to be inspected. He said he was impatient — he had left six days earlier without taking anything because he did not think the floods would be so bad.
“I’m not going away. I’m just going to keep checking,” he told officers.
Mr. Duncan’s sister, Stefanie Buscher, 30, standing next to him, told him: “What else would you do? You have nowhere else to go.”
Lonnie Lewis, 56, also standing in line, had grown up in Pacific and said floods were part of life here. He and his brothers had replaced the electrical system and floors of his mother’s home after it flooded in 2008, and he expected on Friday that he would again be snapping photos of the damage to send to her insurance company.
“We understand what we’re in for, and we know how to get through,” Mr. Lewis said.
The number of deaths attributed to the floods rose to 22 on Friday after Missouri officials reported they had found the body of a motorist who was swept away by floodwaters on Dec. 26 in Polk County, in southwest Missouri.
As the waters headed south, officials in the southeast Missouri county of Cape Girardeau said they expected the Mississippi River to crest at a record level of 50 feet, a foot and a half higher than in historic floods in 1993. While the floods have topped at least 10 levees in the region, the officials said they did not expect waters to spill over the flood wall that protects the city of Cape Girardeau.
“That’s the highest crest we’ve ever had,” said Charlie Griffith, deputy director of the county’s emergency management office. “It’s a lot of water moving around.”
Sheriff John Jordan of Cape Girardeau County said that residents were piling up sandbags outside their homes and that water was already creeping into tiny communities in low-lying areas of the county on Friday. Encroaching waters from a river diversion channel had turned the hamlet of Allenville into an island.
About half of Allenville’s roughly 100 residents had evacuated by Friday, but Phil Thompson was at home, watching water come within about 25 feet of his back door.
“The only way you can get in and out of town now is by boat,” Mr. Thompson said in a telephone interview. “We just got to wait and hope and pray it don’t get in the house.”
Outside St. Louis, in the town of Fenton, Friday brought a pause after days of sleepless efforts to evacuate residents and protect homes there. Mayor Michael D. Polizzi said that water levels had dropped by about three to four feet and that the town was slowly draining, “like a bathtub.” He said a huge cleanup effort was ahead.
“We worked our behind off, and now we’re in a lull,” he said. “We’re sitting, waiting for water to recede.”
After spending two nights with relatives, Ryon Capestro, 27, got permission to return to his home in Pacific on Friday afternoon. He had gambled in recent years, not renewing his flood insurance because it had gotten too expensive. But he said that his house sat atop a few feet of concrete, and that he thought it would be safe.
“I never thought it would get this high up,” he said. “Our house is supposed to be above flood stage. Guess we’re finding out.”



ARTICLE
AUSTIN, Tex. —  For decades, the south steps of the State Capitol have served as a staging area for rallies on issues ranging from abortion to immigration rights, but Friday was the first time that demonstrators walked around here with handguns on their hips.
On a chilly, overcast day, more than 100 Texans gathered carrying an array of holstered weaponry — Glocks, Smith & Wessons and more — to mark a change in the law that lets them openly display the fact that they are armed. The practice had been banned in Texas since 1871.
Similar demonstrations were held in several other Texas cities.
Epi Camacho, 34, a transit system driver from Dallas, was so eager to take advantage of the law that he said he arrived at the Capitol around 10:30 p.m. on New Year’s Eve and then symbolically unveiled his pistol — a Glock 23 — at the stroke of midnight. “It’s about time,” he said later.
More than 40 states allow some type of open carry, but Texas is now the most populous state to do so. The change affects only a small fraction of Texans — 925,000 men and women with active state-issued licenses to carry a concealed firearm. Only those with concealed-handgun permits are allowed to openly carry weapons, and all must submit their fingerprints and pass a criminal background check.
Supporters say that more public weapons will help deter would-be criminals, but opponents argue that there is no evidence that open-carry states are safer.
“What we proved is that the sight of a firearm is not something to fear in the hands of law-abiding citizens,” said C. J. Grisham, a retired Army sergeant who formed Open Carry Texas in 2013.
Some at the rally said they armed themselves to be part of the event but may not always openly display their weapons. “At times, I will,” said Armando Valladres, a first sergeant in the Army who is stationed at Fort Hood. “I just wanted to make a statement, but I’m glad I have the choice.”
Mr. Grisham carried a holstered 9-millimeter semiautomatic on his belt and a concealed pistol in an ankle holster. Nearly everyone who spoke on the Capitol steps, or gathered in the crowd, made a similar fashion statement.
“I just think it’s a step toward freedom,” said Ryan Allen, 26, a student from Longview who carried a Glock Model 20.
After the rally, the gun carriers walked about five blocks along Congress Avenue, which leads from the Capitol through downtown Austin, and had lunch at a Subway restaurant that had agreed to let them in. No counterdemonstrations were held. Many businesses were closed for New Year’s Day, and few people were downtown in a city that is normally bustling on weekdays.



ARTICLE
HIALEAH, Fla. —  Jeb Bush and his supporters still have a pile of money to spend, remnants of $100 million raised when he seemed early last year to be a sure bet. They have an expansive ground operation in New Hampshire. And allies have just begun a new ad campaign in Iowa.
But nothing they have tried so far has lifted Mr. Bush’s terrible poll numbers. And with just four weeks remaining until voting begins, Mr. Bush needs to do something to save his candidacy.
It may be too late: Other campaigns appear to have counted him out altogether. But, in extensive interviews over the past week, aides to Mr. Bush and important allies described a long-shot plan to pull off what seems all but impossible: winning the Republican nomination for president. The plan has six elements:
STAY ON THE ATTACK In late 2015, Mr. Bush called Donald J. Trump “a jerk,” “unhinged” and a “chaos candidate.”
Expect more of the same in 2016, when Mr. Bush plans to aim his most aggressive attacks largely at Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton. Though he was initially slow to take on Mr. Trump, the real estate billionaire turned politician has proved a useful foil. Mr. Bush, the former Florida governor, has cast himself as the only Republican strong enough to stand up to Mr. Trump.
“He wakes up in his pajamas and watches the TV shows on Saturday and Sunday,” Mr. Bush said Monday, at a Cuban restaurant in Hialeah. “Donald Trump is not serious about being a candidate.”
Mr. Bush has also shown himself willing to criticize other contenders from the party’s establishment wing: Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey and Senator Marco Rubio of Florida. On a swing though New Hampshire in December, he knocked Mr. Christie’s economic stewardship of his state, and Right to Rise, the “super PAC” supporting Mr. Bush, on Tuesday released its first ad, for $1.4 million in Iowa, that directly attacks Mr. Rubio, for his Senate attendance record.
Right to Rise has roughly $60 million available to spend as it heads into 2016.
AVOID EMBARRASSMENT IN IOWA Mr. Bush knows he is not likely to win Iowa. He just can’t lose there too badly.
In Iowa, Mr. Bush has two main goals: to finish no lower than fifth (third place is the optimistic goal) and, more important, to beat Mr. Christie.
Though Iowa still looms for Mr. Bush as a state to be managed, not conquered, he has at least two more trips planned there before the Feb. 1 caucuses.
DO WELL IN NEW HAMPSHIRE Did somebody say “town hall”?
Expect Mr. Bush to practically move to New Hampshire, the state where loyal donors are expecting a turnaround, and where Mr. Bush’s strategists believe he needs to finish ahead of Mr. Christie, Gov. John R. Kasich of Ohio and Mr. Rubio to emerge as the establishment’s alternative to Mr. Trump or Senator Ted Cruz of Texas.
The campaign has five offices and 20 paid staff members throughout the state, with 20 more coming this month. Mr. Bush plans to spend at least half of his time there, with trips every week before the Feb. 9 primary, and he recently called it his “second home.”
Right to Rise has reserved an additional roughly $10 million in airtime in the state, including two Super Bowl ads, and the Bush campaign plans to go on the air there on Monday and not come down until the primary.
The campaign is also microtargeting voters, courting supporters of the Second Amendment with a gun-focused message and those who worry about terrorism with a national security pitch.
Mr. Bush, who has held 29 town-hall-style events in New Hampshire so far, will continue focusing on these question-and-answer sessions with voters, where his aides believe his wonky but freewheeling style connects.
Early on, the campaign briefly discussed whether Mr. Bush should focus almost exclusively on New Hampshire, as Mr. Christie has done, but opted for a broader strategy. By doing so, his advisers believe, Mr. Bush will be better positioned to build momentum if he pulls off a strong New Hampshire showing.
If Mr. Bush can re-energize his troubled campaign in New Hampshire, his aides believe, he can seriously compete in South Carolina, a state where they hope his national security message will resonate.
WOO LINDSEY GRAHAM Throughout the campaign, Mr. Bush had made a point of texting Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina weekly, just to check in. On the morning Mr. Graham dropped out of the race for president, Mr. Bush was ready with the hard sell.
Mr. Bush immediately sent him a message, and the two men spoke on the phone later that day, when Mr. Bush made his pitch — that he was the best prepared to be commander in chief and the most qualified on Mr. Graham’s main issue, national security.
Mr. Graham has publicly said he has no plans to endorse anyone right now. Many believe that privately, however, he is strongly leaning toward Mr. Bush, but that he does not want to support him unless he thinks Mr. Bush can actually win the nomination.
Mr. Bush has already picked up the endorsements of over 20 Graham supporters.
USE THE FAMILY NETWORK Another key for Mr. Bush in South Carolina is his older brother, former President George W. Bush.
Though no final decision has been made, aides say the campaign is most likely to deploy the former president in the state — where he remains popular — sometime after the New Hampshire primary.
But how and where to use the 43rd president is a vexing question for the campaign. George Bush is certain to remind voters that his brother hails from a political dynasty. And he could force Jeb Bush to confront the decision to invade Iraq, an issue the candidate stumbled over early on. Aides further worry that the former president, a charismatic and agile campaigner, could outshine his brother on the stump.
The Bush campaign is also planning to tap the family’s broad alumni network — supporters of his father, the first President George Bush, and of his brother, and friends from his time as governor — to help with get-out-the-vote efforts in the first four early-voting states. The campaign plans to use the volunteers as “validators,” making phone calls and going door to door to offer testimonials of how they personally know Mr. Bush.
CONTINUE THE AD BLITZ Mr. Bush’s super PAC has so far spent tens of millions on television ads that have largely failed to help his standing in the polls. But the group will continue the ad campaign, keeping its focus on Mr. Trump, but also beginning to contrast Mr. Bush with his rivals for the party’s more mainstream base.
Right to Rise has started a voter identification and canvassing program in New Hampshire, and in addition to television ads, it is putting money behind radio, mail and digital in the early states, including some in the March 1 primary, which includes several Southern states. The group also already reserved a nearly $17 million television ad purchase for the March states.
“We’re prepared for a long process and think Jeb’s proven judgment, experience and vision sets up a clear contrast to Donald Trump,” said Paul Lindsay, a Right to Rise spokesman.
And the process will be long indeed. On Wednesday, the Bush campaign announced yet another shake-up, redeploying roughly 60 staff members to help in the first four early states and pulling $3 million in airtime it had reserved in Iowa and South Carolina.
Rival campaigns suggest the move shows that the Bush team is struggling to raise hard dollars from increasingly skittish donors. Any Bush comeback, they say, will require not just substantial skill, but more than a little luck.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON —  President Obama will meet with Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch on Monday to discuss what he can do to curb gun violence, sidestepping an entrenched Congress.
In his first weekly radio address of the new year on Friday, Mr. Obama said he would talk to Ms. Lynch after a monthslong examination of the measures he can take on his own to halt what he called “our epidemic of gun violence.”
Recalling the 2012 school shooting in Newtown, Conn., that killed 26 people — 20 of them children — and left many grimly hopeful it would lead to an overhaul of the nation’s gun laws, the president accused lawmakers of bowing to the gun lobby and blocking necessary changes.
“All across America, survivors of gun violence and those who lost a child, a parent, a spouse to gun violence are forced to mark such awful anniversaries every single day,” Mr. Obama said. “And yet Congress still hasn’t done anything to prevent what happened to them from happening to other families.”
The speech was an explicit return to a theme that Mr. Obama has played down in the wake of terrorist attacks that killed 130 people on Nov. 13 in Paris and 14 more on Dec. 2 in San Bernardino, Calif., both of which were inspired by Islamic extremism. While Mr. Obama’s initial response to the San Bernardino attack emphasized its commonality with other mass shootings and the need for gun restrictions, the administration soon realized that this message was failing to reassure Americans that he was taking seriously enough the threat from Islamic extremism and the Islamic State.
So through much of December, Mr. Obama engaged in public events to convince Americans that his administration was doing everything it could to battle the Islamic State. For some Americans, being vigilant against Islamic extremism involves having more guns, not fewer, and sales of guns surged in the wake of the San Bernardino attack.
The administration sees such a response as counterproductive not only because the number of deaths from gun suicides and routine shootings is far greater than those from terrorist attacks, but also because the availability of weapons here makes such attacks far easier to conduct. Rather than fight both the anxiety about Islamic extremism and the need for more gun restrictions at the same time, Mr. Obama focused on calming the nation.
Now, a month after the San Bernardino attacks, Mr. Obama has decided that he can return to his focus on gun measures. “Because I get too many letters from parents, and teachers, and kids, to sit around and do nothing,” Mr. Obama said in his speech Friday.
A bipartisan effort in 2013 to bolster gun control measures after the Newtown shootings was halted in the Senate, failing to garner the 60 votes needed to expand background checks and to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines.
Facing the reality that lawmakers are unlikely to strengthen the country’s gun laws anytime soon, the administration has been looking at ways Mr. Obama can tighten gun sales unilaterally, focusing in particular on who could be considered a high-volume dealer for an executive action that could expand background checks.
But White House officials have said there are many political and legal challenges to doing so, potentially opening up Mr. Obama to renewed criticism that he is abusing his authority.
The president’s announcement comes less than two weeks before his final State of the Union speech on Jan. 12, addressing “one piece of unfinished business,” as he called it on Friday.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON —  The question from the congressman to the Obama administration official was straightforward enough: How many foreign visitors overstay their visas every year?
The reply was simple too, but not in a satisfying way. “We don’t know,” the official said.
The testy exchange during a recent congressional hearing between Representative Mark Meadows, Republican of North Carolina, and Alan Bersin, the assistant secretary for international affairs at the Department of Homeland Security, highlights what some law enforcement officials call a critical weakness in the United States foreign visa program.
The issue has taken on added urgency as part of a broader examination of immigration policy following the mass shootings in San Bernardino, Calif., that left 14 people dead and 22 wounded. Tashfeen Malik, one of the attackers, was granted entry to the United States under a K-1 visa, also known as a fiancé visa. Her husband, Syed Rizwan Farook, was an American-born citizen. Both died in a shootout with the police. While Ms. Malik did not overstay her visa, the attack added to fears that a terrorist could exploit gaps in the system.
Nearly 20 years ago, Congress passed a law requiring the federal government to develop a system to track people who overstayed their visas. After the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, an entry and exit tracking system was seen as a vital national security and counterterrorism tool, and the 9/11 Commission recommended that the Department of Homeland Security complete a system “as soon as possible.” Two of the Sept. 11 hijackers, Satam al-Suqami and Nawaf al-Hazmi, had overstayed their visas.
Since then, the federal government has spent millions of dollars on the effort, yet officials can only roughly estimate the number of people in the United States illegally after overstaying visas.
Officials blame a lack of technology to conduct more advanced collection of data like iris scans, resistance from the airline and tourism industries because of cost, and questions about the usefulness of tracking people exiting the country as a counterterrorism measure.
Some experts also note that a sizable number of those who overstayed their visas are highly skilled workers who come under the H-1B program or are foreign students.
One widely cited statistic, from a 1997 report by the Immigration and Naturalization Service, puts the number of people who overstay their visas at 40 percent — which now would mean about 4.4 million of the estimated 11 million undocumented residents in the United States. Numerous lawmakers, including the Republican presidential candidates Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, have used that figure when trying to describe the scope of the problem. But even that number has never been conclusively substantiated.
Federal agencies have not provided a new report to Congress on overstays since 1994, despite the congressional mandate.
In early 2013, Janet Napolitano, then the secretary of Homeland Security, testified before Congress that the agency planned to issue a report on overstay rates by December 2013. The agency did not follow through because officials said they did not have confidence in the quality of the data. Mr. Bersin said last month that the report would be issued in the next six months.
Many members of Congress and some law enforcement officials worry that terrorists could exploit the visa program because the United States does not routinely collect biometric information — fingerprints, iris scans and photographs that can be used for facial recognition — of people leaving the country. Nearly three dozen countries, including many in Europe, Asia and Africa, collect such information.
“U.S. airports and other entry and exit points were never designed with departure control in mind,” said Theresa Cardinal Brown, the director of Immigration Policy at the Bipartisan Policy Center in Washington and a Department of Homeland Security official under President George W. Bush. “If we want to do that it’s going to mean building a lot more infrastructure.”
The 9/11 Commission report called the establishment of an entry and exit biometric system “fundamental to intercepting terrorists” trying to enter the United States because it would allow law enforcement officials to determine if a traveler had overstayed a visa.
Still, efforts to build such a system to collect the information have stalled for decades. In 2004, lawmakers passed legislation that required Homeland Security officials to accelerate efforts to create an automated biometric entry and exit data system. Congress repeated its demand for a biometric exit system in 2007 and set a deadline for 2009. But the deadline passed, with the department putting into place only a handful of pilot programs.
Since then, the department has continued to struggle to meet this requirement. A 2013 report by the Government Accountability Office said the Department of Homeland Security had more than one million “unmatched” arrival records, meaning that those records could not be checked against other information showing that the individuals had left the country, but again the department could not offer a precise number.
Despite the call by some lawmakers for an exit system, airports and the airline industry have balked because it would cost airlines $3 billion, according to a 2013 Homeland Security estimate. The department issued regulations in 2008 requiring airports to collect biometric exit information, but carriers have largely ignored the regulation, and there have been no sanctions.
Some national security experts are not convinced that a biometric system would be an effective counterterrorism tool.
“A biometric exit system does little to help stop those who fail to register an exit — i.e., overstay their visas,” said David Inserra, a policy analyst on domestic security with the Heritage Foundation. “The system merely tells officials that an overstay has occurred, not if it is a false positive, a national security risk, or just an honest mistake.”
Mr. Inserra and other experts like Ms. Brown added that Homeland Security did not have the resources to enforce existing immigration laws, let alone pursue all those who overstay their visas. The best way to deal with terrorism threats, they say, is to give more resources to intelligence agencies.
“The biometric exit system is not going to solve all our problems,” Ms. Brown said. “All it will ever do is just generate a really expensive list if there aren’t any additional resources allocated.”
The experts say Homeland Security would be better off using biographical information, such as a traveler’s name and date of birth, to track exits and collect overstay data. But other experts say names and identifications like passports and travel documents are hardly foolproof.
Groups like the Islamic State have used fake passports and aliases to bypass border checkpoints and move from country to country, Janice Kephart, former counsel for the Senate Judiciary Committee and a staff member on the 9/11 Commission, said last year in congressional testimony. She provided lawmakers with Islamic State documents that encouraged supporters to get fake credentials.
“Having accurate data on who is coming and going — not who is pretending to be coming and going — is essential to curtailing the insidious and increasing direct threat that ISIS is loudly declaring at our homeland,” said Ms. Kephart, who is now the chief executive of the Secure Identity and Biometrics Association, a trade group.



ARTICLE
ATLANTA —  The streetcar was stopped in downtown traffic, and before long Keisha Schwarzel figured that was enough of a first experience with the year-old addition to Atlanta’s transit system.
“I’d rather walk,” Ms. Schwarzel, 35, said on a rain-drenched Wednesday morning.
And that was when the ride was free.
On Friday, looking beyond the setbacks that became grist for the mass-transit skeptics who populate the suburbs, Atlanta’s 2.7-mile, $98 million streetcar system began charging passengers for the first time. In this city of congestion and deepening ambitions for public transportation, the debut of fares — $1 per ride or $3 for a one-day pass — was expected to renew battle lines in the debate over how the metro area’s 5.6 million people should move.
“I think 2016 will be very revealing, and it will give us a very good indication of how the streetcar will be in the future,” said Felicia A. Moore, who was chairwoman of the City Council’s Transportation Committee for 2015. “At this point, the critics, I would say, are sort of emboldened by the performance that we’ve had so far.”
In the days before fares, supporters and critics acknowledged that the streetcar experience had so far been a humbling one for Atlanta, just one of the cities that have turned to a nostalgia-tinged transit option amid bountiful fanfare and mixed immediate results.
In the system’s first year, even as visitors welcomed the streetcars and praised them as effective, residents often described it as somewhere between disastrous and vaguely satisfactory. There were questions of technical know-how and management that provoked a letter from the Federal Transit Administration about its “concerns.” Ridership, estimated at about 900,000 trips, fell short of a forecast of 1.1 million passengers that boosters have now distanced themselves from. The homeless, some complained, had turned the streetcars into sleek-looking shelters.
“Every major system in the United States of America, certainly after a 50-year period of not having a streetcar, involves growing pains, and I think that we’re going through those,” said Mayor Kasim Reed, who estimated he had used the system perhaps 15 times. “But I certainly feel a smoothing-out after some real hurdles around the streetcar.”
Others do not share the confidence of the elected officials, business leaders and tourism executives who regard the streetcar as a showpiece for Atlanta and a catalyst for economic developments they estimate at $1.5 billion. (The Atlanta Journal-Constitution last month described the economic claims as “overstated.”) Critics warn that the onset of a fare system will depress ridership even more.
They question whether the system can ever adequately serve this vast city, and they argue that streetcars needlessly clog the roadways that generally serve the cars and trucks on which the area has long relied.
“Whether you’re downtown as a resident or in the suburbs as a spectator, you see this as a colossal waste of taxpayer money,” said Benita Dodd, a streetcar critic who lives near Atlanta and is the vice president of the Georgia Public Policy Foundation. “They’re holding it up as the way of the future for the rest of metro Atlanta, and heaven forbid we should follow the example of the City of Atlanta on the streetcar.”
Atlanta is not the first city to struggle with streetcar service, a project here with stakes far beyond its start-up costs, which were supported by a $47 million federal grant. The system was a subsidized bet that metro Atlanta, with its notorious interstates and limited rail system, would embrace a transit option that did not require new roads.
Some suggest that the first year’s experience does not say much about the system’s long-term prospects.
“There are very few products that are launched without issue,” said Daniel M. Tangherlini, who, as director of the transportation department in the District of Columbia, was an early champion of Washington’s long-troubled streetcar system. “Rome wasn’t built in a day — I hate to be that crass, but cities are a long-term investment.”
Streetcar boosters, who lament what they perceive as prematurely hostile coverage by news outlets and say they are encouraged by the first year’s ridership statistics, acknowledge that the existing route is insufficient. But they contend that proposed expansions in future decades would help the system appeal to more people than the visitors whose hotels are often near the current line.
“If you can make it bigger and it can reach more places that people are familiar with, it’s better,” said A.J. Robinson, the president of Central Atlanta Progress, a nonprofit organization that promotes downtown. “We’ve got 2.7 miles. A lot of people complain, ‘Oh, it doesn’t go close to me.’ Well, there was a finite amount of money that we had that we could spend, and this is the best route to prepare us for future expansion.”
That expansion is poised to go only so far. In a December vote that reflected at least a measure of urban unease, the City Council removed Buckhead, a popular retail and dining district, from a future streetcar service plan.
“The day may come when the public will support sharing precious Peachtree Road capacity with streetcars, but today isn’t it,” Howard Shook, a councilman who represents Buckhead, said in a statement.
Some streetcar supporters worry that the backlash might endanger Atlanta’s chances for federal government-backed expansions, and figures like Mr. Robinson are counseling patience.
“We may not win the popularity contest in the first inning,” he said, “but I think by the bottom of the ninth, we hope to be in a different place.”
But Ms. Dodd predicted that the streetcar’s troubles would intensify.
“We need to accept that this was a dismal failure and that once people actually have to start paying to ride it, we’ll see ridership plunge,” she said. “Let’s view this as a lesson, and let’s consider better options that don’t involve taking a lane away from the downtown roads.”



ARTICLE
DELRAY BEACH, Fla. — Three shaky months into recovery from heroin addiction, Dariya Pankova found something to ease her withdrawal. A local nonalcoholic bar sold a brewed beverage that soothed her brain and body much as narcotics had. A perfect solution — before it backfired.
Ms. Pankova grew addicted to the beverage itself. She drank more and more, awakened her cravings for the stronger high of heroin, and relapsed. Only during another stay in rehab did Ms. Pankova learn that the drink’s primary ingredient, a Southeast Asian leaf called kratom, affects the brain like an opiate and can be addictive, too.
“It’s preying on the weak and the broken,” said Ms. Pankova, 23, a Brooklyn native who received treatment in Delray Beach. “It’s a mind-altering substance, so people like me who are addicts and alcoholics, they think just because it’s legal, it’s fine. It’s a huge epidemic down here, and it’s causing a lot of relapses.”
Some users embrace kratom as a natural painkiller and benign substitute for more dangerous substances that, in most states, is legal. But its growing popularity and easy availability are raising concerns among substance abuse experts and government officials who say it is being furtively marketed as a way out of addiction, even though it is itself addictive. Worse, some of those experts say, kratom can lead some addicts back to heroin, which is cheaper and stronger.
“It’s a fascinating drug, but we need to know a lot more about it,” said Dr. Edward W. Boyer, a professor of emergency medicine at the University of Massachusetts Medical School and a co-author of several scientific articles on kratom. “Recreationally or to self-treat opioid dependence, beware — potentially you’re at just as much risk” as with an opiate.
Concern is particularly high in South Florida, where a rising concentration of drug-treatment providers has coincided with the sprouting of kratom bars. But kratom is now available around the country. Powdered forms of the leaf are sold at head shops and gas-station convenience stores and on the Internet. Bars have recently opened in Colorado, New York, North Carolina and other states where customers nurse brewed varieties, varying in strength, from plastic bottles that resemble those for fruit juice.
Kratom exists in a kind of legal purgatory. Because it is categorized as a botanic dietary supplement, the Food and Drug Administration cannot restrict its sale unless it is proved unsafe or producers claim that it treats a medical condition. (Some packages are coyly labeled “not for human consumption” to avoid tripping such alarms.)
The F.D.A. did ban the import of kratom into the United States in 2014, however, under its authority when a substance is strongly suspected to be harmful. That year, marshals seized 25,000 pounds of it from a Los Angeles warehouse.
The Drug Enforcement Administration has listed kratom as a “drug of concern” but not a controlled substance, which would require proven health risks and abuse potential. Indiana, Tennessee, Vermont and Wyoming have banned it on their own; several other states, including Florida and New Jersey, have set aside similar bills until more is known about kratom’s health risks. The Army has forbidden its use by soldiers.
Kratom has been linked to seizures and respiratory depression, but deaths related to it appear rare. Linda Mautner, who lives in the Delray Beach area, has claimed that her 20-year-old son, Ian, committed suicide in 2014 in the throes of kratom addiction, but Mr. Mautner was also receiving treatment for depression. Some deaths in the United States have resulted from kratom’s being laced with the prescription pain reliever hydrocodone or morphine.
Kratom’s narcotic effects have been known for centuries in its native Thailand, which banned the substance decades ago amid widespread abuse. Nevertheless, kratom being sold in the United States is still smuggled in from Thailand, as well as several other Southeast Asian countries. Western research of kratom is in its infancy.
Some kratom advocates claim that it helped wean them from stronger and more dangerous opiates. Susan Ash of Norfolk, Va., said she had taken kratom during treatment for dependence on prescription painkillers, and now uses a small amount daily for chronic pain and depression. Last year, she founded the American Kratom Association, a consumer group of more than 2,000 members that lobbies against state bills to ban the substance.
“We know from all our experiences that kratom has the potential to be a wonderful medicine,” said Ms. Ash, 46, adding that her organization receives little funding from kratom manufacturers. “We’re all experiencing that it’s changing our lives. We do agree that more science is needed to actually prove this potential that we know it has.”
Meanwhile, kratom is sold somewhat under the radar. In Carrboro, N.C., a nonalcoholic bar called Krave serves kratom drinks under the name “ketum” to deter connections to the substance’s darker side, the owner, Elizabeth Gardner, said. Ms. Gardner added that if she learns that a customer is in substance-abuse recovery, she will disclose concerns about kratom’s potential addictiveness.
Kavasutra, a popular chain of bars that sell kratom and kava, another plant-based drink, does not list kratom on its menu, but sells it regularly in bottles and small plastic bags of powder.
Kavasutra’s owner, Dylan Harrison, was once one of South Florida’s primary manufacturers and distributors of spice, a synthetic hallucinogen banned under federal law. He was released from federal prison in August 2014 after serving 10 months on drug charges. Several telephone messages left for Mr. Harrison were not returned.
Mr. Mautner’s death has fueled debates among South Florida lawmakers over making kratom illegal, a move supported by the Broward County Medical Association. Neither Broward County nor Palm Beach County, which includes Delray Beach, has done so, however, and Palm Beach County decided in April to not require warning signs of kratom’s addictiveness at bars and stores that sell it.
Ms. Pankova frequented the Kavasutra in Delray Beach not only because kratom soothed her cravings for opiates, she said, but also because it was not detectable on the drug tests she took as part of her recovery program. Many drug-treatment providers consider kratom use a full-fledged relapse. Ms. Pankova said she and many friends wound up spending $60 a day on kratom drinks before moving back to less expensive heroin.
Another South Florida resident with that experience, Robert Waina, said he had abused dozens of different drugs before discovering kratom three years ago. He enjoyed the mild high to the point that he found himself ordering bottle after bottle. When he tried to cut back, he couldn’t, and eventually suffered from such withdrawals that he had to go to rehab for kratom three times, most recently last spring.
Sitting in a coffee shop in Delray Beach, Mr. Waina said recently that he had stayed sober since then, avoiding kratom like any other drug.
“If I’m taking it,” he said, “as far as I’m concerned, I’m not clean.”



