ARTICLE



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Sen. Robert Kennedy, D., N.Y., proposed today that the United States halt the bombing of North Vietnam and declare its willingness to open peace talks with the Communists “within the week.”
International teams, the senator said, should be asked to verify whether the Hanoi regime engages in “any large buildup of troops or supplies” during these negotiations. As a vital first step in the talks, Sen. Kennedy called for both sides to agree that they will not “substantially increase the rate of infiltration and reinforcements.” The United States, he said, must make it clear that without such a military freeze the “discussions cannot continue for a prolonged period.” Finally, Sen. Kennedy suggested that the United Nations supervise the gradual withdrawal of American forces from South Vietnam and their replacement by “an international presence.”
These proposals — which Sen. Kennedy bound together as an “intimately related” package — marked his first broad statement on the Vietnam war since Feb. 19, 1966. At that time, Sen. Kennedy was condemned by members of the Johnson administration for suggesting that the Viet Cong be offered “a share of power and responsibility” as a means of reaching a negotiated peace. — New York Herald Tribune, European Edition, Mar. 02, 1967



ARTICLE
The big news from last night’s speech is that our pundits is not learning. After all the debacles of 2016, they swooned over the fact that Trump — while still lying time after time and proposing truly vile initiatives — was able to read from a teleprompter without breaking into an insane rant. If American democracy falls, supposed political analysts who are actually just bad theater critics will share part of the blame.
But that aside, I was struck by Trump’s continued insistence that he’s going to bring back coal jobs. This says something remarkable both about him and about the body politic.
He is not, of course, going to bring back coal mining as an occupation. Coal employment’s plunge began decades ago, driven mainly by the switch to strip mining and mountaintop removal. A partial revival after the oil crises of the 70s was followed by a renewed downturn (under Reagan!), with fracking and cheap gas mainly delivering the final blow. Giving coal companies new freedom to pollute streams and utilities freedom to destroy the planet won’t make any noticeable dent in the trend.
 But here’s the question: why are people so fixated on coal jobs anyway?
Even in the heart of coal country, the industry hasn’t really been a major source of employment for a very long time. Compare mining with occupations that basically are some form of healthcare in West Virginia, as percentages of total employment:
Even in West Virginia, the typical worker is basically a nurse, not a miner — and that has been true for decades.
So why did that state overwhelmingly support a candidate who won’t bring back any significant number of mining jobs, but quite possibly will destroy healthcare for many — which means jobs lost as well as lives destroyed?
The answer, I’d guess, is that coal isn’t really about coal — it’s a symbol of a social order that is no more; both good things (community) and bad (overt racism). Trump is selling the fantasy that this old order can be restored, with seemingly substantive promises about specific jobs mostly just packaging.
One thought that follows is that Trump may not be as badly hurt by the failure of his promises as one might expect: he can’t deliver coal jobs, but he can deliver punishment to various kinds of others. I guess we’ll see. 



ARTICLE

LONDON — A daring bank robbery was committed in the City yesterday afternoon.
Just before four o’clock, when there was the usual rush of business at that hour in the London and Westminster Bank, Lothbury, a stranger lifted up a black japanned box, similar to those in which the bank’s clients are accustomed to deposit their securities, and walked off with it. There are generally a number of such boxes on the counter about the time of day when the robbery occurred, and the thief had evidently expected he might be regarded as a customer of the bank, and so get away without exciting suspicion. Thanks to the vigilance and promptitude of a lobby porter, however, his design was frustrated. The porter, recognising the box, and not recognising the man carrying it as a person accustomed to use it, asked him to stop. He then questioned the thief respecting his identity, how he became possessed of the box, and where he intended taking it. The replies to these inquiries not being deemed satisfactory, the suspect was taken to the manager’s room, where it soon became obvious that he was in unlawful possession of the box.
He was accordingly detained; the police were communicated with, he was taken into custody, and removed to Moor Lane Police Station. There he at present remains, but he will be brought up and charged with the theft in the morning. The prisoner is exceedingly reticent respecting his personality, his antecedents and his place of residence. Eventually he gave the name of John Hart, but persisted in refusing to furnish his address. Nothing, so far, has transpired to justify a rumor that he is a well-known American bank-robber, but his appearance and demeanor do suggest that he is an American. He is apparently about thirty-five years of age, of gentlemanly appearance and well dressed. He is of fair complexion, with full beard and moustache. So far nothing more is known of him, but the detective department of the City police, Old Jewry, has been notified of the facts of the case, and inquiries are being made. — The New York Herald, European Edition, Mar. 01, 1892



ARTICLE
Donald Trump delivered his first address to a joint session of Congress tonight. Here’s my play-by-play commentary in the form of selected tweets. This isn’t a formal column; it’s journalism on the fly! 



ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
NEW YORK — The Hoboken, N.J., and New York police, acting on information furnished by the United States Secret Service, yesterday afternoon arrested one Fritz Kolb, a German, 31 years of age, who confessed, they say, to being implicated in a plot against the life and well-being of President Wilson. An attempt to assassinate the President was to have been made last evening, it is believed.
The arrest was made at Kolb’s residence, the Hotel Colombia. Mr. Hayes, Hoboken Police Chief, and Secret Service men surrounded the place and made escape utterly impossible. Upon being confronted by the authorities he confessed to complicity in many other crimes and outrages connected with the German efforts to terrorize the country by a campaign of frightfulness. He admitted being implicated in the $25,000,000 munitions explosion on Black Tom Island, New York harbor, which rocked the city and shook the countryside for miles around.
Kolb’s avowal included a statement that he had a hand in the blast which occurred in January at the Canadian Car and Foundry Company’s plant at Kingsland, N.J. A search of the prisoner’s room led to the discovery of fourteen bombs in a small steamer trunk and two time-bombs in the cupboard. These last two infernal machines were also cunningly arranged to explode on contact, and it is generally believed that they were the bombs with which it was intended to take the President’s life. Cans of high explosives and fuses were also seized. The country is engulfed by a tidal wave of wrath at this fresh proof of Germany’s diabolical plotting. — The New York Herald, European Edition, March 7, 1917



ARTICLE
So now we know what Republicans have to offer as an Obamacare replacement. Let me try to avoid value judgments for a few minutes, and describe what seems to have happened here.
The structure of the Affordable Care Act comes out of a straightforward analysis of the logic of coverage. If you want to make health insurance available and affordable for almost everyone, regardless of income or health status, and you want to do this through private insurers rather than simply have single-payer, you have to do three things. 
1.Regulate insurers so they can’t refuse or charge high premiums to people with preexisting conditions
2.Impose some penalty on people who don’t buy insurance, to induce healthy people to sign up and provide a workable risk pool
3.Subsidize premiums so that lower-income households can afford insurance
So that’s Obamacare (and Romneycare before that): regulation, mandates, and subsidies. And the result has been a sharp decline in the number of uninsured, with costs coming in well below expectations. Roughly speaking, 20 million Americans gained coverage at a cost of around 0.6 percent of GDP. 
Republicans have nonetheless denounced the law as a monstrosity, and promised to replace it with something totally different and far better. Which makes what they’ve actually come up … interesting.
For the GOP proposal basically accepts the logic of Obamacare. It retains insurer regulation to prevent exclusion of people with preexisting conditions. It imposes a penalty on those who don’t buy insurance while healthy. And it offers tax credits to help people buy insurance. Conservatives calling the plan Obamacare 2.0 definitely have a point.
But a better designation would be Obamacare 0.5, because it’s really about replacing relatively solid pillars with half-measures, severely and probably fatally weakening the whole structure. 
First, the individual mandate – already too weak, so that too many healthy people opt out – is replaced by a penalty imposed if and only if the uninsured decide to enter the market later. This wouldn’t do much.
Second, the ACA subsidies, which are linked both to income and to the cost of insurance, are replaced by flat tax credits which would be worth much less to lower-income Americans, the very people most likely to need help buying insurance.
Taken together, these moves would almost surely lead to a death spiral. Healthy individuals, especially low-income households no longer receiving adequate aid, would opt out, worsening the risk pool. Premiums would soar – without the cushion created by the current, price-linked subsidy formula — leading more healthy people to exit. In much of the country, the individual markets would probably collapse.
The House leadership seems to realize all of this; that’s why it reportedly plans to rush the bill through committee before CBO even gets a chance to score it.
It’s an amazing spectacle. Obviously, Republicans backed themselves into a corner: after all those years denouncing Obamacare, they felt they had to do something, but in fact had no good ideas about what to offer as a replacement. So they went with really bad ideas instead.



ARTICLE
I claim no special expertise in the legislative process. But reading a couple of pieces about what looks like a health care debacle from the good folks at Vox, I have some thoughts about what’s going on — namely, don’t presume that Ryan and company have any idea what they’re doing.
Start with Ezra Klein, who speculates that Ryan has advanced this ludicrous plan in the hope and expectation that it won’t pass. His reasoning is that Ryan is too skilled an operator to get caught off-guard as he seems to have:
But has Ryan ever put together major legislation with any real chance of passage? Yes, he made a name for himself with big budget proposals that received adoring press coverage. But these were never remotely operational — they were filled not just with magic asterisks — tax loophole closing to be determined later, cost savings to be achieved via means to be determined later — but with elements, like converting Medicare into a voucher system, that would have drawn immense flack if they got anywhere close to actually happening. 
In other words, he has never offered real plans for overhauling social insurance, just things that sound like plans but are basically just advertisements for some imaginary plan that might eventually be produced. Actually pulling together a coalition to get stuff done? Has he ever managed that?
What I’d say is that Ryan is not, in fact, a policy entrepreneur. He’s just a self-promoter, someone who has successfully sold a credulous media on a character he plays: Paul Ryan, Serious, Honest Conservative Policy Wonk. This is really his first test at real policymaking, which is a very different process. There’s nothing strange about his inability to pull off the real thing, as opposed to the act.
Meanwhile, Sarah Kliff, in the new VoxCare newsletter, is puzzled by the apparent disagreement among Republicans about what CBO is likely to say: 
But have they really been working with CBO for months? They may have been talking, but was it about anything resembling Obamacare 0.5? Everything else about the AHCA looks slapdash, like something thrown together in a few days by people who hadn’t thought at all about what a flat tax credit and a widened age band would mean for, say, people in Alaska with its expensive insurance, or low-middle-income Trump voters in their 60s. I have no inside information, but this sure looks as if they were still dithering about the whole principle of their Obamacare replacement until at most a few weeks ago, and didn’t work with CBO because they had nothing to work with.
In other words, maybe this looks like amateur hour because it is. Ryan isn’t a skilled politician inexplicably losing his touch, he’s a con artist who started to believe his own con; Republicans didn’t hammer out a workable plan because there is no such plan, and anyway they have no idea what that would involve.
Or to put it another way, this could just be more malevolence tempered by incompetence.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
LONDON — The new warship Plassy, which left England recently for service on the East Indies Station, experienced terrific weather after passing Cape Finistère, and much damage was done to her.
A feed pump first broke down, and two or three hours later another feed pump gave out. The ship was then headed for Vigo; but heavy rain now set in and quite obscured the land, and as the wind had veered from South to West and increased in violence, it was deemed imprudent to approach a lee shore. Accordingly the ship’s head was brought to the wind for the night, with the view of riding out the gale. Just as it was getting dark, how­ever, the chief engineer reported that the steam pump had broken down and that water was rising in the stokeholds. The hand pumps were at once manned, and men were told off to bale the water out with buckets. But this proved of little use, as the bunker-lids had started owing to the working and vibration of the ship, and every sea that broke over her rushed into the bunkers, the plates in the stokeholds were sliding about, and the floors were a foot deep in water.
Two hours later the engineer reported that the water was gaining, and that it was difficult to keep the fires in. Shortly after this, soundings were obtained, and it was found that the ship was in perilously shoal waters. During the night the force of the wind was logged “eleven,” and the starboard lifeboat was washed away. This was followed by a report from the engineer that he could not get water into the boilers. This state of things continued until noon the following day, when the sun shone out and sights were taken, by which it was ascertained that the Plassy was about forty miles off Vigo. Soon afterwards the wind and sea rapidly moderated, land was sighted about five o’clock in the afternoon, and two hours later the vessel entered Vigo Harbor, where she was expected to remain about a week to make good her defects. — The New York Herald, European Edition, March 9, 1892



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
What’s next on health care? Truly, I have no idea. The AHCA is a real stinker, and now everyone knows it; ordinarily, that should doom the legislation. But everyone also knows that starting off the Trump legislative era with the crashing and burning of Obamacare repeal would deeply damage Trump; nobody believes what he says, but if he can’t even ram bills through, people will stop being afraid. So they will pull out all the stops.
But why are Republicans having so much trouble? Health reform is hard; but why were the Dems able to pass the ACA in the first place? I’m seeing a lot of talk about Paul Ryan’s inadequacy and Republican lack of preparation as compared with Pelosi and the Dems in 2009, all of which is true. But there’s a more fundamental issue: who is being served?
Obamacare helped a large number of people at the expense of a small, affluent minority: basically, taxes on 2% of the population to cover a lot of people and assure coverage to many more. Trumpcare would reverse that, hurting a lot of people (many of whom voted Trump) so as to cut taxes for a handful of wealthy people. That’s a difference that goes beyond political strategy.
But one way to say this is that Obamacare was and is a truly populist law, while Trumpcare is anti-populist. That’s reflected in the legislative struggles.
And yet, and yet: Trump did in fact win over white working-class voters, who thought they were voting for a populist; Democrats, who did a lot for those voters, got no credit — rural whites, in particular, who were huge beneficiaries of the ACA, overwhelmingly supported the man who may destroy their healthcare.
This ties in with an important recent piece by Zack Beauchamp on the striking degree to which left-wing economics fails, in practice, to counter right-wing populism; basically, Sandersism has failed everywhere it has been tried. Why?
The answer, presumably, is that what we call populism is really in large degree white identity politics, which can’t be addressed by promising universal benefits. Among other things, these “populist” voters now live in a media bubble, getting their news from sources that play to their identity-politics desires, which means that even if you offer them a better deal, they won’t hear about it or believe it if told. For sure many if not most of those who gained health coverage thanks to Obamacare have no idea that’s what happened.
That said, taking the benefits away would probably get their attention, and maybe even open their eyes to the extent to which they are suffering to provide tax cuts to the rich. 
In Europe, right-wing parties probably don’t face the same dilemma; they’re preaching herrenvolk social democracy, a welfare state but only for people who look like you. In America, however, Trumpism is faux populism that appeals to white identity but actually serves plutocrats. That fundamental contradiction is now out in the open. 



ARTICLE
BRUSSELS — The Eurocrats, the hundreds of officials who operate the Common Market here, are attacking their work with a revived strength these days.
The morale-crippling effects of France’s walkout in 1965 appear to have finally worn off. The European Economic Community, as the market is formally styled, grinds out new rules every month that bind its six members into an ever tighter economic union.
This is not an exciting process. Nobody cheers in the streets when the Six create a single system of business sales taxes or embark on a campaign to strip away the privileges of state-produced cigarettes in Italy and France. Few Eurocrats still believe that economic union will inevitably lead to political union. Many have given up the idea that they are creating a single government for the Continent’s western half.
But if their vision is more modest, it is no less enduring. The Brussels bureaucracy and the six governments are building a structure that wipes out the differences in the way goods, produce and capital are treated inside their club. The core of the system remains intact. The commission, the pinnacle of the Eurocratic structure, proposes, and the six member states — Germany, Italy, France, Holland, Belgium and Luxembourg — dispose. Chastened by the crisis of two years ago, the commission nowadays carefully tailors its proposals to what is likely to be acceptable. If this means few bold initiatives are taken, it also means that more proposals are adopted. — New York Herald Tribune, European Edition, March 14, 1967



ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
The day I found my sport, rhythmic gymnastics, was the day I fell in love with it. Those first few years of training were pure bliss, but to achieve my goal of becoming a world-class athlete, I needed to switch to an elite coach. My first practice with my new coach was so intense that I spent the following two days vomiting and unable to make it back to practice. When I did return, the work began. By age 15, I was U.S. national champion, a position I held for three years.
But the fear and intimidation that permeated my training sessions took a toll, as did the physical pain. By the time I reached the World Championships in 1999, my hips hurt so badly that at times I could barely walk. That was the environment I trained in that I believe created an opening for Larry Nassar, the national team doctor for USA Gymnastics, to sexually abuse me. And it was the lack of oversight on the part of USA Gymnastics that allowed Dr. Nassar to abuse many gymnasts; more than 80 victims have come forward to accuse him of sexual assault. (In the latest round of charges, Dr. Nassar was accused of 22 counts of first-degree criminal sexual conduct last month in Michigan; he has pleaded not guilty.)
After those World Championships, USA Gymnastics suggested I go to the Karolyi ranch to see Dr. Nassar, renowned for his work with the women’s gymnastics team, to help with my hip pain. Over the prior year of psychologically painful training, my parents had sacrificed a lot financially so they could travel with me to competitions, but parents did not go to the ranch, so I went by myself. I was just thankful to have a few days away from my coach. I don’t remember any adult at the ranch taking responsibility for me, and the first time I met “Larry” I immediately trusted him. He was the premier USA Gymnastics doctor with an international reputation, and I felt lucky to have been invited to the ranch to work with him.
For our first appointment, he asked me to wear loose shorts and no underwear. That seemed strange, but I obeyed. As in training, I wanted to be perfect. He began to massage my legs, and then quickly moved inwards on my thighs. He then massaged his way into me. I was rigid and uncomfortable, but I didn’t realize what was happening. I was confused, and thought that it must just be what had to happen. This scenario happened repeatedly over the course of my week at the ranch. At no time was there ever another adult in the room. Coming off of a difficult year of training, Dr. Nassar reached out as the good guy, supporting me emotionally and promising me relief from the pain. Now I know that in actuality he expertly abused me under the guise of “treatment.”
I trusted USA Gymnastics. But I was sexually abused, as were other elite athletes, including Jamie Dantzscher, a 2000 Olympian, and Jeannette Antolin, who was a U.S. national team member. And the abuse was not limited to Dr. Nassar. According to more than 5,600 pages of USA Gymnastics records released to the IndyStar on March 3 after a lengthy court battle, some of the 54 coaches with sexual abuse complaint files spanning 10 years weren’t banned from gymnastics until years after USA Gymnastics discovered they were convicted of crimes against children.
As an adult, I spent years serving on the USA Gymnastics Board of Directors with a mission of protecting children in my sport from the psychological abuse that I endured. But the meetings seemed to revolve around two things: money and medals. When a sexual abuse case came up during my time on the board, the concern was about the reputation of the coach — not the accusation of the athlete. As I have attempted to come to terms with what happened to me as a teenager, it has become glaringly obvious that USA Gymnastics has not done nearly enough to protect athletes from any form of abuse.
To show they are serious about making institution-wide changes that will create a safe environment for the athletes, USA Gymnastics should adopt a zero-tolerance policy regarding sexual abuse. The accused should be reported to the authorities immediately. It took five weeks for USA Gymnastics to report Dr. Nassar to the FBI when suspicions were raised, only after conducting its own internal investigation. Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California has introduced bipartisan legislation to require amateur athletic governing bodies to immediately report allegations of sexual abuse, to make it easier for victims to report abuse, and to prevent coaches accused of abuse from being hired at other gyms, but that is something that should happen voluntarily. According to USA Today, U.S. Olympic Committee officials have called for USA Gymnastics C.E.O. Steve Penny to step down. If that happens, that does not negate the need for additional systemic change.
USA Gymnastics must also do more to safeguard athletes from psychological and physical abuse, through education in member gyms. Athletes, parents and coaches must know what is and is not okay, with the ultimate goal of every gym in the country being an abuse-free zone. That may require some uncomfortable but necessary conversations with young gymnastics who are too innocent to recognize abuse when it occurs, especially when it is by someone in a position of authority such as a coach or doctor. Particularly at the elite level when spots on the Olympic or World Championship team are at stake, gymnasts are afraid of being seen as a troublemaker and jeopardizing their place on the team. It must be clear through policy and action that they will not be punished for speaking up.
At those World Championships when I was just 15, I had a rough practice two days before the competition. My coach called me into her room, where the head of our program was also present, and yelled at me so intensely that I sat perfectly still, and my only movement was to pick the skin from my finger. Among other things, she told me I was an embarrassment to my country, my family and to her, that she had never been so humiliated coaching someone as she was of me, and that they would put me on a plane home and kick me off the team the next day if my practice wasn’t better. By the end of the meeting, my hand was bloody and I wanted to jump out the window.
The abusive training I and other gymnasts endured may get results on the competition floor that make international headlines and lead to Olympic medals, but it leaves the athletes emotionally and physically vulnerable. The institutional tolerance of abusive training and the penchant of USA Gymnastics to look away create a culture conducive to sexual abuse – for gymnasts of all skill levels.
There is nothing more motivating and powerful than an Olympic dream. But there is a long life to live after the span of a gymnastics career. It should be the priority of those in power to make sure that an athlete’s post-sport life is not spent dealing with the crippling effects of abuse.
Jessica Howard was U.S. national champion in rhythmic gymnastics from 1999 to 2001, a finalist at the 1999 World Championships, and a member of the USA Gymnastics Hall of Fame. 
 
 



ARTICLE
LONDON —According to Washington despatches, China has officially announced that she has severed diplomatic relations with Germany.
The American Navy Department has been informed that the Chinese government has seized all the German ships, six in number, at Shanghai. The crews have been landed and an armed guard has been placed on board each vessel. The decision of the Chinese government to break with Germany was definitely come to after the two Houses of Parliament, having taken cognizance of the report on the measures adopted and the government’s intentions for the future, had given a vote of confidence, passed by a crushing majority.
The Peking correspondent of The Times says that the last effort made by Germany with a view to saving the situation was the handing in at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs yesterday of her reply to the Chinese note. In this document, Germany expressed regret at being unable to modify her submarine policy, and added that every precaution will be taken to safeguard the lives and property of the Chinese. — The New York Herald, European Edition, March 15, 1917



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
CAIRO — The presence at Alexandria since yesterday of nine English ironclads with 3,400 men on board, while the Turkish ship carrying the Sultan’s envoy has neither arrived nor is officially signaled, has called forth some comment in the political world, and has revealed the somewhat strained relations between England and Turkey.
It appears that the sending of the firman was secretly decided upon at Constantinople last week, which decision Sir Clare Ford divulged. Hence the News Agency telegram of the 12th inst., announcing its departure. The Izzeddin and some English ironclads had left Malta.
The Sultan, suspicious of the eagerness of the English Embassy to announce the Sending of the firman, and divining the arrangements made by the British Admiralty to ensure a naval demonstration before the people of Egypt with the object of paralysing the effect of the firman which maintains the sovereign rights of the Porte, adjourned the despatch. This delay is further justifiable on account of the question of fixing the not yet defined Egyptian frontiers at the Red Sea. It is natural that the Porte should desire to throw some light on this question, seeing that the firman mentions that the Sultan has confided to the new Khedive the guardianship of those Egyptian possessions dependent on the Ottoman Empire, as previous firmans had confided them to his father and his ancestors.
In the meanwhile, England takes ad­vantage of circumstances to continue its work of absorbing Egypt. Sir Evelyn Baring had a lengthy interview the day before yesterday with Mr. Scott, the Khedive’s financial adviser, on the progress of native justice. A new English official has been appointed director. A flotilla of vessels is guarding the Red Sea coasts. It is very desirable that the question of the firman should be quickly brought to a conclusion. — The New York Herald, European Edition, March 17, 1892



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
A NASA scientist, Serkan Golge, has spent the last eight months in a Turkish prison. An attempted coup in Turkey last summer resulted in the government arresting thousands of people on flimsy evidence, and Serkan, a Turkish-American, is one of the casualties.
Serkan’s case signals how bold the Turkish government has become, even imprisoning a well-regarded scientist, when the only evidence against him is a $1 bill. He will soon go to trial, facing a sentence of up to 15 years in prison for being “a member of an armed terrorist organization.” There’s been little domestic or international press attention to Serkan’s detention, but a three-month investigation suggests the injustice surrounding the case of a man caught in a national hurricane.
Eight days after the bloody coup attempt last July, Serkan, his wife and two sons were scheduled to leave their hometown Antakya in southern Turkey for Texas. They had been on a one-month vacation visiting family in the area. As they waved goodbye, two police officers in civilian dress approached and turned their lives upside down.
Police said they received a tip: that Serkan is a C.I.A. operative and a member of the organization that the Turkish government claims orchestrated the coup.
“There are no words to describe that moment,” Serkan’s wife Kubra recalled. “It’s like we were living in a movie.”
Serkan, 37, has been working at NASA for the past three years as a senior research scientist studying space radiation effects on the human crew at the International Space Station. He first traveled to the United States in 2003 and gained American citizenship in 2010.
“This is a man who would catch mosquitos in boxes and release them in our backyard,” Kubra said. “I fell in love with him because of his compassion.”
The police found nothing in their initial search. But after detaining Serkan, officers returned to his parents’ home and marched straight to his brother’s room. They pulled out a memory box from his closet that held what they considered to be essential evidence for the case against Serkan: a $1 bill.
According to the Turkish prosecutors, U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, allegedly the mastermind of the coup attempt, gave blessed $1 bills to his loyal followers. Each $1 bill – of which there are almost 12 billion around the world – has now become evidence for membership in a terrorist organization Turkey.
“With one American dollar, this organization turned the children of this country into monsters,” Prime Minister Binali Yildirim, a close ally of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, said in a speech last August.
Erdogan and the cleric Gulen were once close allies. Things took a turn in 2013, when conflicts of interest exacerbated a protracted play for power. After the coup, which claimed 249 lives, the goal was not only jailing the coup plotters, but rooting out the entire Gulen network from society. Everything from an academic book in a professor’s library to an account in the legally operating Gulen-affiliated bank are considered evidence of membership in this network. The crackdown has also broadened to include leftists, Kurdish activists, dissenting journalists and academics. So far, under emergency law, almost 100,000 public employees were dismissed without a trial. By the end of 2016, 41,000 people were arrested in relation with the coup.
In Serkan’s case, other than the tip-off that Serkan was a C.I.A. operative and the $1 bill, the only notable details that arose from exhausting interrogations were his education: He attended a Gulen-affiliated test preparation center, like tens of thousands of Turkish citizens over the years, and he graduated from Fatih University in Istanbul, a Gulen-linked institution. (The Turkish state actually gave Serkan a scholarship to study there.)
But now, Serkan has spent eight months behind bars; six months, so far, in solitary confinement, without any given reason.
His family says Serkan sees the sun just one hour a day. The only way he can communicate with other inmates is shouting to nearby cells. He spends his days praying and counting his prayer-beads. He has lost 25 pounds in prison.
So has Kubra. After marrying Serkan in 2006, she traveled to to the United States to work towards a master’s degree in English literature.
“I had a happy Turkish-American life, a home with a backyard, fresh mint from a local Turkish market,” she says, recalling weekends spent browsing the aisles of Target and TJ Maxx. Now, she is the head of their nuclear family, fielding everything from the mortgage payments of their home in Houston, to their 6-year-old son Mustafa’s wish to return to his elementary school and see his favorite teacher.
They are currently living with family near Serkan’s prison, so that they can visit him once a week, for 45 minutes, through a window. There’s also the possibility that Kubra, like other spouses of suspects in the coup investigation, is banned from leaving the country. She has no way of finding out if she’s on a ban list unless she tries to leave Turkey.
When Serkan sees his family in prison, he usually cries, especially when he looks at his one-year-old son. He tries to get to know his son by asking Kubra questions: “Did he grow any teeth?” “Is he crawling?” He can hold the baby once every two months. Because he is a terror suspect, he has fewer visiting rights than other prisoners. They last saw him on Friday, the day after Serkan’s birthday.
“We can confirm Turkish authorities arrested and detained U.S. citizen Serkan Golge last July. We remain concerned for Mr. Golge and have raised his case with Turkish authorities,” an official at the U.S. State Department said.
“Although the United States does not have a legal right to access dual U.S.-Turkish citizens detained in Turkey, we continue to press for such access as a matter of courtesy. We have no further comment at this time.”
While NASA has not commented, Endangered Scholars Worldwide and the Committee of Concerned Scientists released statements strongly deploring Serkan’s detention and calling for his immediate release.
When asked about the case and the future of Turkey, Kubra took a deep breath.“I love my country. I believe goodness will win in the end,” she said.
Yet the question is when the end will come. The first hearing in Serkan’s case will be on April 17 – nine months after his arrest and the day after a constitutional referendum that could grant President Erdogan more power.
Meanwhile, Serkan and Kubra’s son Mustafa continues to adjust to the new reality. Kubra recalled how a year ago he played Legos and designated one of the buildings as a prison. He then asked Kubra why people are put into prison.
“You know bad people are put in there,” she responded, in a maternal attempt to simplify a complex question.
Now he wonders why his father, who is not a bad person, is in prison.
Kubra doesn’t know how to explain it.
 
Lauren Bohn is The GroundTruth Project’s Middle East correspondent based in Istanbul. Tugba Tekerek is a freelance journalist based in Istanbul. This is the first in a series of GroundTruth stories on life after the coup attempt in Turkey.



ARTICLE
PETROGRAD — The Provisional Government this morning issued a manifesto to the people of Russia, whom it addresses “Citizens.”
The following are the principal passages of the document: “A great work has been accomplished by the powerful effort of the Russian people, who have overthrown the old ré­gime. New Russia is born. This ‘coup d’Etat’ ends a struggle of many long years.” After dwelling at some length on these years of struggle, the manifesto proceeds: “Everything failed to direct the late Emperor and his Government toward union with the people. This Provisional Government will do all in its power to supply all the needs of the army to enable it to carry through the war to a victorious conclusion. The Government will observe faithfully all the alliances which bind us to other Powers and all past treaties. While taking the measures necessary for the defence of the country against the enemy, the Government will consider it as its first duty to give the nation every facility for expressing its will with regard to the political régime. It will summon as early as possible a Constituent Assembly based on universal suffrage and will take steps to ensure that the valiant defenders of the country may have a voice in the parliamentary elections.
“The Government considers it necessary, before calling the Constituent Assembly, immediately to give the country the firm principles which ensure political liberty and equality.”— Havas. — The New York Herald, European Edition, March 20, 1917



ARTICLE
And now for something completely different. Ryan Avent has a nice summary of the argument in his recent book, trying to explain how dramatic technological change can go along with stagnant real wages and slowish productivity growth. As I understand it, he’s arguing that the big tech changes are happening in a limited sector of the economy, and are driving workers into lower-wage and lower-productivity occupations. 
But I have to admit that I was having a bit of a hard time wrapping my mind around exactly what he’s saying, or how to picture this in terms of standard economic frameworks. So I found myself wanting to see how much of his story could be captured in a small general equilibrium model — basically the kind of model I learned many years ago when studying the old trade theory.
Actually, my sense is that this kind of analysis is a bit of a lost art. There was a time when most of trade theory revolved around diagrams illustrating two-country, two-good, two-factor models; these days, not so much. And it’s true that little models can be misleading, and geometric reasoning can suck you in way too much. It’s also true, however, that this style of modeling can help a lot in thinking through how the pieces of an economy fit together, in ways that algebra or verbal storytelling can’t.
So, an exercise in either clarification or nostalgia — not sure which — using a framework that is basically the Lerner diagram, adapted to a different issue.
Imagine an economy that produces only one good, but can do so using two techniques, A and B, one capital-intensive, one labor-intensive. I represent these techniques in Figure 1 by showing their unit input coefficients:
Here AB is the economy’s unit isoquant, the various combinations of K and L it can use to produce one unit of output. E is the economy’s factor endowment; as long as the aggregate ratio of K to L is between the factor intensities of the two techniques, both will be used. In that case, the wage-rental ratio will be the slope of the line AB.
Wait, there’s more. Since any point on the line passing through A and B has the same value, the place where it hits the horizontal axis is the amount of labor it takes to buy one unit of output, the inverse of the real wage rate. And total output is the ratio of the distance along the ray to E divided by the distance to AB, so that distance is 1/GDP.
You can also derive the allocation of resources between A and B; not to clutter up the diagram even further, I show this in Figure 2, which uses the K/L ratios of the two techniques and the overall endowment E:
Now, Avent’s story. I think it can be represented as technical progress in A, perhaps also making A even more capital-intensive. So this would amount to a movement southwest to a point like A’ in Figure 3:
We can see right away that this will lead to a fall in the real wage, because 1/w must rise. GDP and hence productivity does rise, but maybe not by much if the economy was mostly using the labor-intensive technique.
And what about allocation of labor between sectors? We can see this in Figure 4, where capital-using technical progress in A actually leads to a higher share of the work force being employed in labor-intensive B:
So yes, it is possible for a simple general equilibrium analysis to capture a lot of what Avent is saying. That does not, of course, mean that he’s empirically right. And there are other things in his argument, such as hypothesized effects on the direction of innovation, that aren’t in here. 
But I, at least, find this way of looking at it somewhat clarifying — which, to be honest, may say more about my weirdness and intellectual age than it does about the subject.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
KIGALI, Rwanda –  Marie shuffled seven chairs to fit around the table in her courtyard, placed down a tray of tea, and poured water into glasses. When her friends arrived, she hugged each of them.
“If they won’t let us in,” Marie paused, “We’ll have to find another way.”
“They” were the Burundi government, and the women were members of a 300-strong, women-only advocacy group, ‘Women and Girls Movement for Peace and Security in Burundi.’ 
Led by Marie Louise Baricako, a 64-year-old Burundian activist, the group hopes to help stop the bloodshed in Burundi, a country teetering on the edge of genocide. President Pierre Nkurunziza has led a campaign of intimidation and violence on citizens who oppose his contested presidency, driving masses of citizens into exile. Marie’s group aims to find a way for women to be both seen and heard by the Burundi government, the African Union, and the United Nations Security Council, and to call for women’s inclusion in the political negotiations and peace talks.  
“You cannot have peace if you don’t listen to women,” Marie said. That afternoon, the group discussed ways to be involved in the country’s ‘peace talk’ held in Tanzania in mid-February, a talk in which 31 men were invited, but only two women. “Women must be involved in these conversations the leaders are having. We cannot influence something from the outside.”
Nearly 400,000 Burundians have fled the country since 2015. The U.N. says torture and sexual violence against women is on the rise; one report described women as “running from rape,” committed by “Imbonerakure,” the government youth league. Women have also been brutally beaten and gang-raped by men armed with guns, sticks, or knives, according to Human Rights Watch.
The peace talks are essential to creating stability and calm in the country.
But women’s involvement in the talks appear to be a threat to the Burundi government and their international allies. Earlier this month, a member of the movement was barred from giving a briefing to the U.N. Security Council about the atrocities committed in Burundi after Russia objected to her participation.
“No one dares tell him the truth,” Marie said, referring to the Burundian president. “He tells the rest of the world everything is fine and under control – and it’s a lie.”
Marie’s position as a leader for the group fell into her lap. After several years in political advocacy across multiple countries in Africa and following a stint with the United Nations, she returned home to Burundi at the beginning of the crisis in 2015. Marie says that when President Nkurunziza announced his third term, it not only sparked the country’s turmoil, but also marked a women’s uprising.
“I came back home and found the movement had already begun,” she said, gesturing to the women sitting around the table. “Women were saying about me, ‘our coach is back! Take your position.’ There was no discussion: they were waiting for me, and I got to work.”
 Marie and her group want to help amplify the voices of those who have survived sexual violence, and they face an uphill challenge.
“I know one woman, who is slightly younger than me,” Marie said. “She was taken by police and was raped by five people. But she cannot talk about it, or complain, she doesn’t dare – she’s scared, for herself, her family, her reputation, for everything. These are the kinds of things happening every day in Burundi.”
Though women’s involvement in conflict resolution has proven to be beneficial – especially in bringing underserved, gender-specific issues to the table – their involvement often remains contested, or denied, by governments and international agencies. In a sample of 31 major peace processes between 1992 and 2001, only 4 percent of signatories were women.
Marie’s group has trained hundreds of Burundian women as campaigners in gender issues and conflict resolution, and they’ve organized regional meetings to discuss issues such as disarmament, radicalized groups, and conditions for refugees. Many members have met with U.N. and E.U. officials to discuss tougher, targeted sanctions. The group say their only opposition is Nkukrunziza and his supporters, and that their work will not be complete until they gain equal participation for women into his peace talks.
Marie remains hopeful for the movement’s future. Last week, she and other members met with women’s groups in the East African Community countries to host their own talks. While there, the women set up an advocacy group for the region, with the current focus being on Burundi and South Sudan. They plan to continue with cross-country collaborative efforts in working towards peace resolution.
“Simply put,” Marie said as the women scribbled into their notebooks, “we cannot stand by and wait while our sisters are being raped, and while our children are being killed and brutalised, and being used to kill and brutalize their own brothers. When we talk about peace, we’re not talking about something that only lasts a few years before it falls apart again – we need to make it last so we can save Burundi.”
 
Rossalyn Warren is a reporter and contributor to The Fuller Project for International Reporting. Reporting for this article was supported by The European Journalism Centre. You can follow her on Twitter @RossalynWarren.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
LONDON — In early March, a group of masked men accompanied by police officers arrested my brother-in-law in Bahrain. Three days later, my mother-in-law was arrested as well. Both were charged with planting “fake bombs” and prosecutors ordered 30 days detention for them. My brother-in-law, Nazar, said the police tortured him and forced him to implicate other family members in wrongdoing. They told him they were out for revenge for actions I had taken as a human rights activist.
Months earlier, authorities at Bahrain’s airport detained and forcibly separated my wife from our infant son, dragged her by the wrists and interrogated her for seven hours. They threatened to arrest our family members, asking: “Where shall I go first, shall I go to his family or your family?”
In 2011, I participated in the largest protest movement ever witnessed in Bahrain, calling for human rights and democratic reforms. In an attempt to crush our call, King Hamad of Bahrain instituted martial law and invited the Saudi Arabian army into the country to quell us. I was arrested, severely tortured and tried by a military court. After spending six months in prison, I fled Bahrain and claimed asylum in the United Kingdom.
Now that the Bahraini authorities can’t go after me, they’re going after my family.
The move to target my relatives and the family of my wife is a heinous new low in a series of accelerated acts of repression carried out by the Bahraini government since the election of Donald Trump. On January 5, the Bahraini government restored the National Security Agency with the powers to detain and arrest people suspected of “terrorist” offenses — the same agency that was stripped of these powers in 2011 after its systematic use of torture throughout the uprising.
Ten days later, on January 15, the government carried out its first executions since 2010. The three executed men were all tortured into making false confessions and sentenced to death in unfair trials that relied almost entirely on those coerced confessions. The executions were strongly condemned by the United Nations Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial killings. The government even sent the blood-soaked clothes of the executed to their family members.
On February 21, the government amended the constitution to enable military courts to try civilians. The military court that tried me and 500 other protesters, including doctors who treated the wounded protestors back in 2011, was exceptional — now these courts will be standard practice. Then on March 7 the government moved to dissolve the secular political party, Wa’ad.
These calculated repressive measures by Bahraini authorities have gone largely unchecked since Donald Trump became president of the United States. Since the November election, the Bahraini government has curried favor with the new administration, even holding their National Day celebrations at the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C. The Trump administration is now set to reinstate a $3 billion sale of F-16 fighter jets to the Kingdom, a weapons deal that Obama partially halted during his presidency until Bahrain stepped up its human rights reforms, including releasing the leading human rights defender Nabeel Rajab.
It’s not just the United States that is turning a blind eye to the Bahraini government’s crackdown on its people. In January, the U.K. government announced it is granting the Kingdom an additional 2 million British pounds sterling as part of the U.K.’s multi-million pound program of support for Bahrain’s security and justice system.
Bahrain is not operating in a vacuum. Back in 2011, Bahrain’s King caved to international pressure and promised reforms. But these never came. After the uprising, King Hamad formed the Bahrain Independent Commission of Inquiry (BICI) to investigate human rights abuses during the 2011 protests. BICI issued a 500-page report detailing the government’s use of excessive and indiscriminate force against protesters, including abuse, torture and death. Six years on, those violations have become institutionalized.
In today’s era of Trump and Brexit, of budding authoritarianism even in the oldest democracies, it seems that political leaders in Washington and London are substituting business and profit for democracy and human rights. President Trump has not only emboldened hate groups at home, but he’s also emboldened governments abroad, like that of Bahrain, to carry out human rights abuses and flout international law with impunity.
With the help of Washington and the United Kingdom, King Hamad’s government is willing to cross any red line — including publicly defaming me as a “terrorist” and targeting my family in apparent acts of retribution — to have its way.
 
Sayed Ahmed AlWadaei, @salwadaei, is the advocacy director of the UK-based Bahrain Institute for Democracy and Human Rights (BIRD).



ARTICLE
PARIS — Spring came to Paris today, and an estimated two million unimpressed Parisians prepared to leave town.
By train, plane, bus, and car, they’ll begin their annual Easter vacation exodus tomorrow after the mildest winter in 20 years. In their place, the early Easter will draw thousands of Germans, who traditionally descend on Paris for the holiday. To help the departing Parisians reach their destinations, 34,000 police and gendarmes were being organized in “Operation Primrose.” Their assignment: keep traffic moving and accidents at a minimum on the 182,000 miles of French autoroutes and roadways during the mass exit. Furthering that goal, Interior Minister Roger Frey announced that the highly unpopular roadside tribunals set up last August would be resurrected to deal with traffic offenders on the spot.
Amid cries of “roadside justice,” the tribunals last year took away the licenses of 354 drivers in three days. Police defended the practice by pointing out that 44 fewer people were killed than during the same period the year before. Half of the vacationers leaving Paris were expected to go by train, and more than 1,240 trains, including 475 extras, were being readied for the rush, which will be heaviest Thursday and Friday. Reservations were reported extremely difficult to get, both on trains and at hotels throughout France, particularly along the Riviera. The weather throughout France was generally full and overcast today for the official opening of the new season, but weathermen predicted mostly sunny skies during the holiday.
They also predicted that the unusually mild winter would coax the 400,000 trees of Paris into an early bloom this spring. Buds are already out on many of them. — New York Herald Tribune, European Edition, March 21, 1967



ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
For decades there were few developments in the fight against tuberculosis — at least by humans. The bacteria that causes this airborne disease, in contrast, regularly boasts a number of deadly new upgrades, including mutations conferring resistance to almost all antibiotics developed to cure it. It has also made common cause with new allies (AIDS, weak health systems and budget cuts further sapping them) while maintaining its longstanding alliances with war, hunger, overcrowded and poorly ventilated housing, prisons, and workplaces.
One of TB’s lamentable champions is a common strain of public-health expertise, which has long lowballed what it takes to cure tuberculosis and halt transmission of increasingly resistant strains of it. A host of ill-conceived and unambitious policies have all but ignored TB’s innovations.
That’s why humans aren’t winning the war against TB, which last year killed 1.8 million people, regaining its old title as the world’s leading infectious killer of adults.
Happy World TB Day.
It gets worse, at least for the humans. Tuberculosis lost its world-killer title to AIDS at the new millennium. But the humans fought back hard against that virus and against attendant stigma, which was even worse than that reserved for TB. Ambitious programs like George W. Bush’s President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief and a new agency called The Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria sunk billions into AIDS treatment in Africa and the Caribbean. Leaders of such programs turned to experts for advice on the right therapies for drug-resistant tuberculosis. Long socialized for scarcity and lacking new tools to fight back, these experts squabbled about whether or not to even bother to treat it.
The arguments marshaled to explain why we shouldn’t bother treating tuberculosis were numerous: therapy was costly, toxic, involved painful daily injections, and people would never submit to it for two years. The first three of these observations were true. But it’s not like there was an effective alternative to such treatment, which is why the fourth one was not. In any case, it was the amateur math in fashion in the mid-90s that doomed many afflicted humans to an early death, even as they spread the disease to their families: multidrug-resistant tuberculosis treatment was not, in the gravest of insults in the public-health lexicon, “cost-effective in resource-poor settings.” These patients were, in other words, too poor to treat.
Since these squabbles — even when registered in glittering conference centers in Paris, Geneva, or Cape Town — were about the fates of the destitute sick, most humans, even those with medical training, never heard them. We’d like to think that if they had, the broader community of humans would think such arguments foolish in the face of an airborne, deadly and treatable disease. If the army of drug-resistant bacilli could speak, its commanders would surely reassure foot soldiers and friends that the humans will continue to invest too little in fighting back as long as TB disproportionately affects the poor and marginalized. Its intelligence agency might even predict a microbial victory if U.S. contributions to the fight against tuberculosis, AIDS, and malaria are cut.
Finally, however, we may be able to chalk one up for our species. After a 50-year drought, there are at last a couple of new drugs effective against tuberculosis — including highly resistant strains.
Only rigorous clinical trials will permit us to conclude that we humans have a better shot of winning the war against tuberculosis in all its varied forms. Such a trial was just announced by Médecins Sans Frontières and Partners In Health. These two NGOs have gathered all the tools and built the relationships to make revolutionary change possible in the way this disease is treated. Our “endTB” trial deploys new drugs and new tactics that were previously reserved for the all-out war on cancer.
New financing mechanisms, such as UNITAID, are essential to ensure access to new tools for populations that need them. Although the humans have gained territory with new diagnostics that speed up the glacial pace of identifying mutant strains so that patients might benefit from the new drugs, these rapid tests are based on decades-old discoveries. As with the new drugs, their commercial development was delayed since the potential beneficiaries were too poor to treat. UNITAID supports this new trial as well as the necessary steps to bring its fruits to those previously disregarded.
Ultimately, we need staff to deliver on the promise of these developments before we can declare a victory for the humans. The last front in the Partners In Health and Médecins Sans Frontières project is a joint operation with another NGO, Interactive Research and Development, ensuring that we remain on the frontlines against the wily bacterium. By finally countering TB’s cunning battle plan with a bold, multipronged approach that embeds science and care delivery and keeps the poorest people in mind, some year soon, World TB Day may be a day for celebration.
 
Paul Farmer is the co-founder of Partners In Health, professor of global health and social medicine at Harvard University and chief of the division of global health equity at Brigham and Women’s Hospital.  



ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE



