ARTICLE
The fight against President Trump’s executive orders to turn away refugees, deport undocumented immigrants and build a wall along the Mexican border is about to escalate in many American churches.
A broad network of 37 Protestant and Orthodox Christian denominations will announce on Friday a campaign to mobilize its congregants — some 30 million Americans in all — to lobby the president and members of Congress to rescind the executive orders.
In a declaration hammered out over the last month, church leaders call the orders “unjust and immoral” and say they run counter to “the values we as people of faith hold dear: to welcome the stranger and assist those most in need.”
“It is imperative that we speak out against the notion that refugees are a threat to our safety,” the declaration adds. “They are not.”
The president’s Jan. 27 executive order, which he called necessary for national security, barred people from seven majority-Muslim countries from entering the country for 90 days, stopped refugee admissions for 120 days and banned refugees from Syria indefinitely. The White House is expected to issue a revised order very soon.
American Christians have been divided over Mr. Trump’s order, according to a poll released last month by the Pew Research Center. White evangelical Protestants supported the order by more than three to one, the poll showed, while white mainline Protestants supported it by a slim margin (50 to 47 percent), and three in five Catholics opposed it.
The new campaign is being organized by the Orthodox and mainline Protestant churches affiliated with the National Council of Churches and Church World Service, a charity that resettles refugees.
It calls on congregants and pastors to appeal to their elected officials, sign poster-size copies of the declaration displayed in their houses of worship, dedicate one Sunday in the next three months to honor refugees and immigrants, and raise $1 million to support them.
Hundreds of churches and synagogues across the country have already offered to provide sanctuary or other support to undocumented immigrants in fear of deportation.
And other faith-based resettlement agencies have spoken out against the refugee and travel ban, including World Relief, an evangelical agency; HIAS, a Jewish group; and the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops.
The president’s executive order gave preference to refugees who are Christians and other religious minorities, but the declaration opposes that move, saying it “actually places them at greater risk in some countries.”
“This is so counterproductive,” said Erol Kekic, executive director of the immigration and refugee program at Church World Service. “It makes Christians and minorities in those countries an even bigger target, because the perception is already that they receive preferential treatment. And singling them out even more would probably not help.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The iconic blossoming cherry trees that ring the Tidal Basin here have symbolized the arrival of spring for nearly a century. This year, they will be one more sign of wacky and warming weather.
The National Park Service, which maintains the trees, said on Wednesday that the pink and white blossoms could reach their peak as soon as March 14, a full three weeks earlier than normal. If the flowers indeed pop on that date, it will be the earliest bloom on record.
That is thanks to springlike weather that has made a roaring early advance across much of the United States in recent weeks, breaking records from New England to the Deep South and punctuating a mild winter.
In Texas, which experienced temperatures in the high 80s on several days in February, flowers and trees are in bloom well ahead of schedule. Chicago has had only dustings of snow so far this year — far below the 9.1 inches expected in February.
And in New York State, maple syrup producers started tapping their trees two months before they normally do.
“The key thing is it’s not just the East Coast and the blooming of cherry blossoms,” said Kevin Trenberth, a climatologist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research. “This is going on all over the world.”
Here in Washington, the warmth has organizers of the annual National Cherry Blossom Festival, a monthlong series of performances and other events, racing to meet the early flowering.
Diana Mayhew, the festival’s president, said officials made the decision on Tuesday to begin five days earlier than planned, on March 15, after representatives from the Park Service briefed them on their forecast.
Ms. Mayhew said she expected as many as a million and a half people to take part in the five-week festival, with many of them crowding the blossom-shaded pathways that line the Tidal Basin from dawn to well past dusk.
The cherry trees date to 1912, when Japan gave some 3,000 of them to the United States as a gesture of friendship.
Only a handful of the original trees remain, but thousands more have been planted since.
Michael Litterst, a spokesman for the National Park Service, said the agency made its annual bloom prediction based on history, natural indicators on the trees and the weather forecast.
The trees are considered to be in peak bloom when 70 percent of the basin’s most common variety, Yoshino, are in flower. In a typical year, that comes on April 4.
But not this year. Given the mild winter and rare February warmth, the Park Service says the peak should come between March 14 and 17, depending on the weather in the coming weeks.
The record, set in 1990, is March 15.
Like much of the central and eastern United States, Washington has seen a winter of record and near-record warmth.
February here was the warmest on record, with average temperatures almost 9 degrees above normal and one degree higher than a normal March.
This year may be a partial anomaly, Mr. Litterst said, but the average date of peak bloom has shifted forward by almost five days since record keeping began in 1921.
On Thursday, as wind cutting across the Tidal Basin tossed heavy buds through the air, a small group of blossom hunters clustered near a lone, rippling flower that they said they were happy to welcome early.
Ryan Cook was delighted to be among them. On a work trip to the capital with his son, Noah, Mr. Cook had been monitoring the blossoms’ development online in hopes of catching a glimpse before leaving town.
As they stopped to take a picture, though, Mr. Cook said he was a bit uneasy with a winter that even at home in Morral, Ohio, has been unusually warm — “scarily so.”
“Just the fact that winter isn’t what it used to be — it just doesn’t make sense,” he said, saying it was almost certainly a sign of the changing climate that scientific studies describe. “I’ll go with the scientists.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Michael T. Flynn, then Donald J. Trump’s incoming national security adviser, had a previously undisclosed meeting with the Russian ambassador in December to “establish a line of communication” between the new administration and the Russian government, the White House said on Thursday.
Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s son-in-law and now a senior adviser, also participated in the meeting at Trump Tower with Mr. Flynn and Sergey I. Kislyak, the Russian ambassador. But among Mr. Trump’s inner circle, it is Mr. Flynn who appears to have been the main interlocutor with the Russian envoy — the two were in contact during the campaign and the transition, Mr. Kislyak and current and former American officials have said.
But the extent and frequency of their contacts remains unclear, and the disclosure of the meeting at Trump Tower adds to the emerging picture of how the relationship between Mr. Trump’s incoming team and Moscow was evolving to include some of the president-elect’s most trusted advisers.
The White House has repeatedly sought to play down any connections with Mr. Kislyak. Attorney General Jeff Sessions acknowledged this week that he had met twice with him during the campaign, despite previous denials.
The New Yorker reported this week that Mr. Kushner had met with Mr. Kislyak at Trump Tower in December. Hope Hicks, a White House spokeswoman, confirmed on Thursday that Mr. Flynn was also at the meeting in response to questions from a New York Times reporter.
It is common and not improper for transition officials to meet with foreign officials. But all meetings between Trump associates and Russians are now significant as the F.B.I. investigates Russian interference in the American election and whether anyone close to Mr. Trump’s campaign was involved.
The meeting in December came at a crucial time, just as the Obama White House was preparing to sanction Russia and publicly make its case that Moscow had interfered with the 2016 election.
What is now becoming clear is that the incoming Trump administration was simultaneously striking a conciliatory pose toward Moscow in a series of meetings and phone calls involving Mr. Kislyak.
“They generally discussed the relationship and it made sense to establish a line of communication,” Ms. Hicks said. “Jared has had meetings with many other foreign countries and representatives — as many as two dozen other foreign countries’ leaders and representatives.”
The Trump Tower meeting lasted 20 minutes, and Mr. Kushner has not met since with Mr. Kislyak, Ms. Hicks said.
When first asked in January about Mr. Flynn’s contacts with Mr. Kislyak, the White House said that there had been only a text message and phone call between the men at the end of December, and that both came before the United States imposed sanctions. That was quickly contradicted by news reports.
Mr. Flynn’s story then began changing, and the White House eventually acknowledged the two men had discussed the sanctions and how the two countries could move past the acrimony once Mr. Trump was in office.
American officials have also said that there were multiple telephone calls between Mr. Flynn and Mr. Kislyak on Dec. 29, beginning shortly after Mr. Kislyak was summoned to the State Department and informed that, in retaliation for Russian election meddling, the United States was expelling 35 people suspected of being Russian intelligence operatives and imposing other sanctions.
Mr. Kislyak was irate and threatened a forceful Russian response, according to people familiar with the exchange. He then left the State Department and called Mr. Flynn, the first in a series of calls between the two in the 36 hours that followed.
American intelligence agencies routinely wiretap the phones of Russian diplomats, and transcripts of the calls showed that Mr. Flynn urged the Russians not to respond, saying relations would improve once Mr. Trump was in office, according to the current and former officials.
Mr. Flynn’s failure to fully disclose the nature of the calls with Mr. Kislyak ultimately cost him his job last month after a tumultuous 25 days as national security adviser.
The United States government has concluded that Russia intended, at least in part, to help elect Mr. Trump through a campaign of cyberattacks, propaganda and misinformation. The government has concluded that Russian operatives were behind the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and John D. Podesta, the chairman of Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign.
Current and former American officials have said that Mr. Flynn had contacts with Mr. Kislyak during the campaign. But few of the specifics of those contacts were known. The Russian ambassador has acknowledged that the two men had known each other since 2013 and were in contact during the campaign.
“It’s something all diplomats do,” Mr. Kislyak was quoted as saying by The Washington Post, though he refused to say what subjects he discussed with Mr. Flynn.



ARTICLE
The Kansas Supreme Court ruled on Thursday that the state’s spending on public education was unconstitutionally low, dealing a new blow to Gov. Sam Brownback, who is facing a rebellion from his own Republican Party over his trademark tax-cutting doctrine.
In a unanimous ruling, the court said black, Hispanic and poor students were especially harmed by the lack of funding, pointing to lagging test scores and graduation rates. The justices set a June 30 deadline for lawmakers to pass a new constitutional funding formula, sending them scrambling to find more money to pay for a solution.
This is the second time in about a year that Kansas’ highest court has ruled against the state’s approach to paying for schools, just as Mr. Brownback finds himself wrestling with growing budget deficits and as his relations with fellow Republicans have deteriorated to new lows.
Mr. Brownback, who has made cutting taxes and shrinking government the centerpiece of his administration since taking office in 2011, championed the largest tax cuts in state history, turning Kansas into a national testing ground for his staunchly conservative philosophy. But the state has since struggled with gaping deficits, and patience has run thin, even among some former allies.
Just last month, the Republican-dominated Legislature approved a tax increase that would have raised more than $1 billion to help narrow the budget gap — a bold rejection of Mr. Brownback’s vision. In the end, the governor vetoed the measure, and he barely survived an override attempt. The school funding ruling now adds yet another layer of fiscal trouble for Kansas and political tumult for Mr. Brownback.
“Either the governor will have to bend, or we have to get enough votes in the House and Senate to override him,” Dinah Sykes, a Republican state senator, said, noting that lawmakers will have to get to work immediately to find money in the budget to satisfy the court’s requirements. “I thought that the tax plan that we put on his desk that was vetoed, I thought that was a compromise,” Ms. Sykes said.
She added that lawmakers now had to prepare to find a legislative solution — with or without the governor. “We just have to dig in and figure out how to solve this problem,” she said.
The court did not specify how much more money was needed for the state’s schools, but finding any could prove difficult. Current budget deficits reach into the hundreds of millions.
“I think there’s a clear supermajority of legislators that want to move away from Brownback economics and the failed tax experiments,” said State Representative Jim Ward, the Democratic leader in the Kansas House. “Now the school decision expedites the importance of getting that done sooner rather than later.”
Mr. Brownback, who is barred by term limits from seeking re-election next year, has faced plunging approval ratings and increasingly criticism from the moderate wing of the Republican Party. In a statement, he acknowledged that some students in Kansas had not received a suitable education, calling for a new funding formula to “right this wrong.”
“The Kansas Legislature has the opportunity to engage in transformative educational reform by passing a school funding system that puts students first,” Mr. Brownback said. “Success is not measured in dollars spent, but in higher student performance.”
He made a pitch for schools outside of the public education system, suggesting that parents “should be given the opportunity and resources to set their child up for success through other educational choices.”
School funding consumes about half of Kansas’ budget, and its political salience cuts across party lines. Kansas prides itself on its public schools, and, in many small towns, the high school serves as a community anchor. The right to a suitably funded education is enshrined in the state Constitution.
The current lawsuit was prompted by a slide in education financing that began after the recession under Mr. Brownback’s predecessor as governor, Mark V. Parkinson, a Democrat.
But the school funding mechanism has been litigated in Kansas courts for years, and there are sharp regional distinctions in how the issue is viewed. In the affluent Kansas City suburbs, where test scores are high, many want to preserve special taxes that benefit their local school districts. In rural and urban parts of the state, where incomes are lower and academic performance sometimes lags, plans to provide more per-student funding for minorities and poor students have greater resonance.
“Because of the budget cuts, frozen budgets, we’ve had to eliminate almost all of our extended learning time,” said Alan Cunningham, the superintendent of Dodge City Public Schools, a district where the first language of a majority of students is not English.
“Those kids are not able to get the time they need to learn the things that they need to learn to be successful,” Mr. Cunningham said.
In its ruling, the court detailed statistics that showed African-American and Hispanic students, as well as poor students and those learning the English language, lagging behind their peers academically.
Cynthia Lane, the superintendent of public schools in Kansas City, Kan., where more than 80 percent of students come from low-income households and qualify for free or reduced-price lunches, said lawmakers needed to make special provisions for disadvantaged children in the new funding plan.
“For a decade, we have been cutting support — we have been offering less tutoring, less support, less enrichment,” said Dr. Lane, whose school district was one of the four plaintiffs in the case before the Supreme Court. “So this ruling today gives me great hope that we can start talking about our aspirations, not just worrying about protecting where we are.”
James E. Ryan, the dean of the Harvard Graduate School of Education, said that courts in school finance cases frequently order state legislatures to come up with funding formulas that are fair — and Kansas was no exception.
“What you see in Kansas you see in states across the country,” he said. “Namely, that there is an achievement gap between poorer kids and more well-off kids, and between white students and students of color.”
Mark Tallman, a lobbyist for the Kansas Association of School Boards, said he was pleased with the court’s ruling and hopeful that it would result in more resources in schools. He also said the ruling was an indication that the political winds in Kansas had shifted against Mr. Brownback, particularly with a more moderate Legislature voted into office in November, when Democrats gained 13 seats.
“I do think that this Legislature is much more interested in funding education,” Mr. Tallman said. “I think the election results suggest that voters are seeing problems with our funding system that they want to address.”
For now, Mr. Brownback has shown a willingness to use a veto pen, leaving it uncertain whether lawmakers can agree on a new school funding plan by the June deadline, and whether they can raise enough revenue to support it.
“You have enormous political will in Kansas to make the changes necessary,” Mr. Ward, the Democratic lawmaker, said, “and any politician obstructing that does it at their own peril.”



ARTICLE
A 22-year-old woman who came to the United States from Argentina as a 7-year-old child and was allowed to remain in the country under an Obama-era program was detained by immigration authorities after speaking at a news conference in Mississippi about her fears of being deported, her lawyer said on Thursday.
The woman, Daniela Vargas, was picked up on Wednesday when the car she was riding in was pulled over by officers shortly after leaving the news conference at City Hall in Jackson, Miss., the lawyer, Abigail Peterson, said in a telephone interview. The event was organized by lawyers, church leaders and the Mississippi Immigrants Rights Alliance to raise awareness about the impact deportation and President Trump’s immigration policies have on families.
An officer placed Ms. Vargas in handcuffs after telling her, “You know what we are here for,” Ms. Peterson said. Ms Vargas was taken into custody and transferred to a detention center in Louisiana, where she was being held on Thursday without bond.
Ms. Peterson said the authorities informed her on Thursday that Ms. Vargas would be processed as a “visa waiver overstay,” which means she would not be given a hearing and would be flown to Argentina.
“That could be in a few weeks,” said Ms. Peterson.
Ms. Vargas’s story is one of many that have circulated of families affected by immigration policies since Mr. Trump took office. Under the visa waiver program, Ms. Vargas and her family were allowed to stay for only 90 days. By staying longer, they became ineligible for an immigration hearing, L. Patricia Ice, the M.I.R.A. legal project director, said.
But then, in 2012, Ms. Vargas was allowed to stay in the United States under a program called the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA. The program, started by former President Obama, allows immigrant children who had mostly grown up in the United States to become eligible for work permits and grants permission to stay temporarily.
Ms. Peterson said that when Ms. Vargas was arrested on Wednesday, she had two pending applications to renew her DACA status, which had expired, and her work permit.
United We Dream, a nonprofit group that advocates for the fair treatment of immigrants in the United States, said in a statement that Ms. Vargas’s DACA status had expired while she was saving up to pay a renewal fee of about $495. She worked as a manager in a small store, it said.
Ms. Peterson said she believed that the immigration authorities had followed Ms. Vargas from the news conference, where she had spoken about how her parents came to the United States when she was a child and gave her a “better life.” She then spoke about her studies and her dream to become a math teacher. Ms. Vargas also mentioned during the appearance that her father and brother had just been detained last month.
“I was scared for my life,” she said at the event, according to The Associated Press.
Thomas Byrd, a spokesman for Immigration and Customs Enforcement in New Orleans, did not reply to a voice mail message on Thursday seeking comment on the case.
More than 750,000 people have been granted work permits and permission to stay under DACA. But Mr. Trump has given mixed messages over what he will do about the program, which he criticized during his campaign as an illegal amnesty. In December, as president-elect, he said he would “work something out” for the recipients.
As president, he has referred to young immigrants like Ms. Vargas as those “incredible kids” and said he would deal with the matter with “great heart,” but he nodded to the political difficulty of doing so. During a recent lunch with reporters before his speech before Congress this week, Mr. Trump even suggested the possibility of citizenship for the people who were brought to the United States illegally as children.
But for now, many are fighting arrest. Last month, Daniel Ramirez Medina, who is a DACA recipient, was taken into custody by federal immigration agents who showed up at his home in Seattle to detain his father. His lawyers have now sued the federal government, arguing that he is being held in custody unconstitutionally.
Ms. Vargas’s arrest caught the eye of lawmakers. Among them was Richard J. Durbin of Illinois, a leading Democrat in the Senate who cornered Mr. Trump on the topic at an inaugural lunch in the Capitol last month. He said he had been optimistic about a deal on the issue until Mr. Trump’s tough  immigration directives on deportations were announced.
Mr. Durbin said on Twitter that he was seeking more information about Ms. Vargas’s case. “Disturbing that ICE may have followed her from an immigration news conference,” he wrote.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The White House is fiercely divided over President Trump’s campaign promise to “cancel” the Paris agreement, the 2015 accord that binds nearly every country to curb global warming, with more moderate voices maintaining that he should stick with the agreement despite his campaign pledge.
Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s senior adviser, is pressing the president to officially pull the United States from the landmark accord, according to energy and government officials with knowledge of the debate. But, they say, he is clashing with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and the president’s daughter Ivanka Trump, who fear the move could have broad and damaging diplomatic ramifications.
Mr. Trump vowed on the campaign trail to tear up President Barack Obama’s global warming policies, and on the home front he is moving aggressively to meet those pledges with deep cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency and a new E.P.A. administrator, Scott Pruitt, who is a skeptic of climate science.
Next week, Mr. Trump plans to sign an executive order directing Mr. Pruitt to start the lengthy legal process of unwinding Mr. Obama’s E.P.A. regulations for cutting greenhouse pollution from coal-fired power plants. Those regulations are the linchpin of the last administration’s program to meet the nation’s obligations to reduce climate emissions under the Paris agreement.
While the president cannot, as Mr. Trump suggested, unilaterally undo a 194-nation accord that has already been legally ratified, he could initiate the four-year process to withdraw the world’s largest economy and second-largest climate polluter from the first worldwide deal to tackle global warming. Such a move would rend a global deal that has been hailed as historic, throwing into question the fate of global climate policy and, diplomats say, the credibility of the United States.
But it would also demonstrate to his supporters that Mr. Trump is a man of his word, putting American coal interests ahead of a global deal forged by Mr. Obama.
On one side of that debate is Mr. Bannon, who as a former chief executive of Breitbart News published countless articles denouncing climate change as a hoax, and who has vowed to push Mr. Trump to transform all his major campaign promises into policy actions.
On the other side are Ms. Trump, Mr. Tillerson, and a slew of foreign policy advisers and career diplomats who argue that the fallout of withdrawing from the accord could be severe, undercutting the United States’ credibility on other foreign policy issues and damaging relations with key allies.
Although Ms. Trump has not spoken out publicly for action to combat climate change, proponents and opponents of such action see her as an ally. Former Vice President Al Gore met with her during the Trump transition, and was ushered in by the “first daughter” to see the president-elect. The actor and activist Leonardo DiCaprio even slipped her a DVD copy of his climate-change documentary.
“President Trump Must Not Wobble on Climate Change — No Matter What Ivanka Says …,” blared a Breitbart post on Monday written by James Delingpole, who is close to Mr. Bannon and who leads the website’s coverage of climate-change policy.
Mr. Trump wants to make a decision by next week, say people familiar with the White House’s debate on the climate pact, in order to announce his executive order to undo Mr. Obama’s climate regulations in conjunction with his plans for the Paris deal.
According to leaked budget documents, the president will also propose killing off nearly two dozen E.P.A. programs, including the Obama-era Clean Power Program, climate partnership programs with local governments, Energy Star grants to encourage efficiency research in consumer products and climate-change research. Those would be part of a broader budget submission that would cut the E.P.A.’s funding by 25 percent, to around $6.1 billion from $8.2 billion, and its staff by 20 percent.
“If the goal is to fulfill the president’s campaign promises and implement his agenda, there is no value in staying in Paris,” said Thomas J. Pyle, an adviser to the Trump transition and the president of the Institute for Energy Research, an organization partly funded by the billionaire brothers Charles G. and David H. Koch, who have worked for years to undermine climate-change policies.
Mr. Trump has cited Mr. Pyle’s group as being influential in shaping his energy and climate proposals, including his campaign pledge to withdraw from the Paris deal.
“The two greatest obstacles to a Clexit (climate exit from U.N. Paris agreement) are probably Ivanka and Tillerson,” wrote Marc Morano, a former Republican Senate staff member who now runs Climate Depot, a fossil-fuel-industry-funded website that promotes the denial of climate science, in an email. “Tillerson with his ‘seat at the table’ views could be biggest proponent of not withdrawing the U.S. from the agreement.”
Mr. Tillerson is a former chief executive of Exxon Mobil, which, like many major global corporations, endorsed the Paris agreement. While his former company once denied human-caused climate change, it has more recently publicly acknowledged the threat posed by burning oil and supported proposals to tax carbon dioxide pollution.
Asked during his Senate confirmation hearing about the Paris accord, Mr. Tillerson said, “It’s important that the U.S. maintains its seat at the table about how to address the threat of climate change, which does require a global response.”
Under the Paris agreement, every nation has formally submitted plans detailing how it expects to lower its planet-warming pollution. The Obama administration pledged that the United States would reduce its carbon pollution about 26 percent from 2005 levels by 2025. However, that pledge depends on enactment of Mr. Obama’s E.P.A. regulations on coal-fired power plants, which Mr. Trump and Mr. Pruitt intend to substantially weaken or eliminate.
But under the Paris deal, those numerical targets are not legally binding, and there are no sanctions for failing to meet them. The primary legal requirements of the deal are that countries publicly put forth their emissions reductions targets, and later put forth reports verifying how they are meeting the targets. It would be possible for the Trump administration to stay in the deal and submit a less ambitious target.
Even senior Republican voices in the foreign policy debate have said it may be wiser to stay in but keep a low profile.
“There’s really no obligation,” Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee and chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, said in an interview. “It doesn’t require us to do anything. I think they may take a little time to assess whether pulling out makes sense now.”
Foreign policy experts say withdrawing from Paris would have far greater diplomatic consequences than President George W. Bush’s withdrawal from the world’s first global climate-change accord, the 1997 Kyoto Protocol.
“I think it would be a major mistake, even a historic mistake, to disavow the Paris deal,” said R. Nicholas Burns, a retired career diplomat and under secretary of state under Mr. Bush.
“In international politics, trust, reliability and keeping your commitments — that’s a big part of how other countries view our country,” Mr. Burns said. “I can’t think of an issue, except perhaps NATO, where if the U.S. simply walks away, it would have such a major negative impact on how we are seen.”
The Paris deal is more consequential than Kyoto. Unlike that pact, which required action only from developed economies, the Paris agreement includes commitments from every nation, rich and poor, to cut emissions, including China and India, the world’s largest and third-largest polluters. Also, the science of climate change has become far more certain and the impact more visible in the 20 years since Kyoto. Each of the last three years has surpassed the previous one as the hottest on record.
Some of the United States’ closest allies are urging the Trump administration not to pull out. In a letter to Mr. Trump after he won the election, Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany wrote, “Partnership with the United States is and will remain a keystone of German foreign policy, especially so that we can tackle the great challenges of our time.” They include, she wrote, “working to develop farsighted climate policy.”
As Mr. Trump and his advisers weigh their Paris options, one proposal is gaining traction, according to participants in the debate: Mr. Trump could declare that the Paris agreement is a treaty that requires ratification by the Senate. The pact was designed not to have the legal force of a treaty specifically so that it would not have to go before the United States Senate, which would have assuredly failed to ratify it.
“If there are camps forming in the White House, then let the people decide, the elected representatives,” Mr. Pyle said. “Let’s put the question to them.”
Proponents of that idea say it could shift some of the weight of the decision from Mr. Trump to Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, at least in the eyes of some foreign diplomats, and of the president’s daughter.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Senate confirmed Rick Perry on Thursday as the head of the Energy Department, an agency he had once pledged as a presidential candidate to eliminate.
The vote was 62 to 37. Mr. Perry, a former Texas governor, will lead an agency that, despite its name, is largely focused on overseeing the nation’s vast arsenal of nuclear weapons, as well as a network of 17 national scientific laboratories.
In his confirmation hearing, Mr. Perry told senators that he regretted his call in the 2012 campaign to eliminate the agency. His inability to remember the name of the Energy Department in a 2011 debate, even as he called for getting rid of the agency, was widely seen as helping to sink his campaign.
People close to Mr. Perry said that at the time he had believed that the Energy Department was largely focused on developing and promoting the nation’s energy resources. At his January confirmation hearing, Mr. Perry told the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee that after “being briefed on so many of the vital functions of the Department of Energy,” he now supported its mission.
The agency does play some role in the nation’s energy policy: Its laboratories conduct research into energy technologies that could help fight climate change.
Mr. Perry, who has long called climate change a hoax and mocked the science of human-caused climate change, said he had also changed those views, telling senators: “I believe the climate is changing. I believe some of it is naturally occurring, but some of it is also caused by man-made activity.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Congressional Republicans, straining to defend the Trump administration amid investigations of Russian interference in the 2016 election, resisted growing calls on Thursday for a special prosecutor or select congressional committee to review the matter, even as Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from any inquiry.
That decision followed a day in which Republicans mostly closed ranks around Mr. Sessions, a well-liked former Senate colleague, amid revelations that he spoke with the Russian ambassador last year, seemingly contradicting testimony from his confirmation hearing in January.
Initially, the fallout seemed to spawn fissures among Republicans: Several, including Senators Rob Portman of Ohio and Susan Collins of Maine, were quick to call for Mr. Sessions’s recusal, defying party leaders — including President Trump — who had said earlier on Thursday that they saw no reason for it.
But by day’s end, consensus appeared to have been restored: Mr. Sessions would step aside in any investigation. And that, Republicans suggested, would be enough, at least for now.
None joined the chorus of Democrats, led by Senator Chuck Schumer of New York and Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, demanding Mr. Sessions’s immediate resignation.
And it was not clear that the episode would alter the landscape of investigations on Capitol Hill.
“First and foremost, any talk of resignation is nonsense,” said Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa and chairman of the Judiciary Committee, before which Mr. Sessions testified.
He praised Mr. Sessions as “an honest and forthright public servant,” and thanked him for pledging to send a letter to the committee “to clear up any confusion regarding his testimony.”
Democrats were unmoved.
“They only do the right thing when they are caught doing the wrong thing,” Mr. Schumer said of the Trump administration.
For weeks, Republicans have held the line in defense of their president. Leaders have said that any investigation of ties between Mr. Trump’s team and Russian officials should be conducted through normal channels — placing one vocal Trump campaign supporter in charge of the primary Senate inquiry and, until this week, another at the head of any Justice Department review.
“My concern is,” Senator Orrin G. Hatch of Utah said, “why are our Democratic senators so doggone rude” to Mr. Sessions?
Speaker Paul D. Ryan said he saw no need for Mr. Sessions to recuse himself unless he was under investigation, accusing Democrats of “lighting their hair on fire” to keep connections between Mr. Trump and Russia in the news.
And so far, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, has shown no signs of budging from his longstanding resistance to calls for a select committee. His office did not respond to questions about whether his position had changed.
The result, though, is that the controversy has focused attention once again on an investigation by the Senate Intelligence Committee, led by its Republican chairman, Senator Richard Burr of North Carolina, an often outspoken Trump supporter during the campaign.
In a statement on Thursday, Mr. Burr said he would trust Mr. Sessions to “make what he feels is the appropriate decision as to his involvement in any investigation into Russian active measures and the 2016 election.”
Even before Thursday, the Intelligence Committee inquiry had been viewed skeptically.
Last week, The Washington Post reported that Mr. Burr spoke with the White House about Russia-related news reports and engaged with news organizations to dispute reports that associates of Mr. Trump had consistent contact with Russian intelligence operatives during the campaign.
Senator Mark Warner of Virginia, the ranking Democrat on the committee, expressed “grave concerns” about Mr. Burr’s contact with the White House. But despite Democrats’ deep reservations about Mr. Burr’s capacity to carry out a comprehensive investigation, many party leaders still view the committee’s work as the best hope of holding Mr. Trump and his associates to account.
On Thursday, Mr. Schumer said that if the Justice Department would not appoint an independent special prosecutor, Congress should intervene by reviving an independent counsel law put into place after Watergate. He also asked the department’s inspector general to begin an immediate inquiry into Mr. Sessions “to discover if the investigation has already been compromised.”
Mr. Schumer sought to distinguish between Mr. Sessions’s meeting with the Russian ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak, which he called appropriate, and the “very inappropriate” step of misleading Congress. (One Democrat, Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri, invited criticism on Thursday for saying that she had never held a call or meeting with the Russian ambassador, despite previously describing two such conversations on Twitter. She blamed Twitter’s character limit for the confusion.)
At his confirmation hearing, Mr. Sessions said he “did not have communications with the Russians” during the presidential campaign. But the Justice Department now acknowledges that Mr. Sessions twice communicated with Mr. Kislyak last year: once after a speech at the Republican National Convention and once in his office.
The Democrats’ message on Thursday was echoed among even the most moderate corners of their caucus. Senator Joe Manchin III of West Virginia, the lone Democrat who voted to confirm Mr. Sessions, said that the attorney general should resign if he lied under oath.
In the House, Democrats on the Judiciary Committee demanded an immediate criminal investigation into Mr. Sessions in a letter to James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director, and Channing D. Phillips, the United States attorney for Washington.
Republicans did not join the effort, but several chided Mr. Sessions, particularly those hailing from moderate districts.
Representative Darrell Issa of California said the developments reinforced the need for “an independent review by a credible third party.”
Representative Mike Coffman of Colorado said Mr. Sessions had made a “grave omission” in not disclosing his meetings with the ambassador.
And Representative Brian Mast of Florida said Mr. Sessions should resign “if he cannot commit to ensuring this process is completed with transparency and integrity.”
Still, in both chambers, Republicans generally resisted impugning Mr. Sessions too forcefully. Senator James Lankford of Oklahoma lamented that “the implication is somehow he’s colluding behind the scenes.”
“We don’t have any facts,” he added.
On this point, some Democrats seem to agree, with more than a hint of frustration. Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, criticized the F.B.I. for withholding information from lawmakers related to its investigation into Russian interference.
“I would say at this point, we know less than a fraction of what the F.B.I. knows,” he said.
The committee’s Republican chairman, Representative Devin Nunes of California, raised a separate concern: rushing to conclusions about anyone who has contact with Russian diplomats.
“I’m sure some of you are in contact with the Russian Embassy, so be careful what you ask for here,” he told reporters. “Do you want us to conduct an investigation on you or other Americans because you were talking to the Russian Embassy?”



ARTICLE
He is a wealthy international entrepreneur known for generous donations to his alma mater, Harvard. Now a court says the university must cooperate in a hunt for his assets.
A federal judge in Boston has ruled that Harvard must provide testimony and produce documents disclosing the bank accounts, routing numbers, wire transfers and other interbank messages used by an alumnus, Charles C. Spackman, to send the university money.
Mr. Spackman, a Hong Kong-based businessman, leads the Spackman Group, a global investment holding company with $1.5 billion under management.
The ruling places the Ivy League college in the uncomfortable predicament of revealing confidential financial information gleaned from the donations of an influential benefactor.
No small donor, according to his company website, Mr. Spackman sponsors a scholarship fund for Asian students at Harvard, leads the Harvard-Asia Scholarship Council and has served as a co-chairman of reunion gifts for the class of 1994. That is the year Mr. Spackman — also known by his Korean name, Yoo Shin Choi — obtained an undergraduate degree in economics.
A spokeswoman for Harvard, Melodie Jackson, said the university would not comment on the court order.
The Boston ruling is part of a long-fought quest by an aggrieved investor, Sang Cheol Woo, to collect on a judgment against Mr. Spackman involving a South Korean business deal. For Harvard, the case could have further-reaching implications, according to Douglas A. Kellner, a Manhattan lawyer who specializes in recovering hidden assets worldwide.
“If he diverted funds to Harvard when he should have been paying his judgment, that’s a fraudulent transfer,” Mr. Kellner said. “They could sue Harvard to get the money back, and they’d be entitled to get it back if they can show that it was fraudulently transferred.”
John Han, a lawyer with the firm Kobre & Kim, which is handling the investor’s case, said the firm had no plans to sue Harvard, which he said had been unwittingly entangled in the dispute.
The collection effort dates to the stock collapse in 2001 of Littauer Technologies Company Ltd., an information technology company. The Seoul High Court said that Mr. Spackman, a major investor in the company, fled South Korea amid claims of stock price manipulation, departing before the Korean authorities arrested a business partner.
The Korean court later ruled that Mr. Spackman and other insiders profited by selling their shares before the collapse while minority shareholders, including Mr. Woo, suffered enormous losses. The court ordered Mr. Spackman to pay Mr. Woo $4.5 million in 2011, a judgment that has now mushroomed to $12 million because of accumulating interest.
The managing director of the Spackman Group, Richard Lee, said the company would not comment because a related lawsuit is pending in Hong Kong.
In documents filed in 2014, the company said that Mr. Spackman had not appeared in court in South Korea because he was unaware of the case until just before the High Court ruling — which was later overturned by the Supreme Court for all defendants except Mr. Spackman. It was upheld for him because he did not appear in court to defend himself.
While acknowledging that Mr. Spackman was fined $40,000 by the Korean authorities in connection with the Littauer matter, Mr. Spackman “maintains he did not commit the offenses,” the documents said.
Mr. Woo’s lawyers argue that efforts to collect on the judgment have been hampered by what court papers called a “mazelike network of offshore nominees and trusts (many of which are managed by close family members and classmates from Harvard).”
For example, the estate where Mr. Spackman lives — in a section of Hong Kong that Forbes has described as “the wealthiest neighborhood on earth” — is owned through a series of shell companies, a Hong Kong company in turn owned by a British Virgin Islands company, court papers say.
The Boston ruling, entered Feb. 21 by Judge William G. Young of Federal District Court, gives Harvard until March 20 to turn over the banking information. It also orders Mr. Spackman’s daughter, Claire Spackman, a sophomore at Harvard, to testify and turn over records about her father’s assets.
Mr. Spackman, an American citizen and permanent resident of Hong Kong, is well known in South Korea, partly because he is the son of James C. Spackman, who was adopted by Americans in 1955 after his biological parents died during the Korean War, and later advanced in the business world to become chief of Prudential’s international insurance group.
The holdings of the younger Mr. Spackman’s company include the Spackman Entertainment Group, which produced the 2013 science fiction movie “Snowpiercer,” starring Tilda Swinton and Octavia Spencer.



ARTICLE
In his address to Congress Tuesday evening, President Trump leaned on some of his standard crowd pleasers: immigration, jobs, terrorism.
But he also revived one of his more surprising proposals, first introduced on the campaign trail last year: “My administration wants to work with members of both parties to make child care accessible and affordable,” he said.
That rhetoric makes Mr. Trump sound more like Hillary Clinton than Ronald Reagan. And a potential debate over child-care policy could offer the rare opportunity for the president and Democrats to cooperate — or at least have a dialogue — over the coming year.
Mr. Trump is not the first Republican president to demonstrate an interest in child-care policy. During his 1968 campaign, Richard Nixon promised to expand access to government-funded day care. But three years later, influenced by the rise of the Christian right, Mr. Nixon vetoed the only universal child-care bill to pass Congress.
Although a few of today’s mainstream Republicans, like Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, have promoted child-care proposals, the official G.O.P. platform does not mention the issue. Conservatives tend to view government-funded child care as an expensive and unwanted intrusion into family life. The position of House Speaker Paul Ryan — whose support Mr. Trump would presumably need to enact a child-care plan — is a case in point. In his 2014 report on poverty, Mr. Ryan fretted over the results of research on Quebec’s public child-care program, which is known for its lax educational standards. Such subsidized care “encourages married women to enter the labor force,” the Ryan report said, leading to “a number of negative behavioral and health outcomes for the children.” (What Mr. Ryan didn’t mention: a competing body of research showing that high-quality day care helps children thrive academically.)
Arguments about the wisdom of working motherhood tend to ignore the fact that working motherhood is the norm. More than half of American mothers work in the year after giving birth, as do 64 percent of women with children under the age of 6, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Working parents require child care, and the typical American family spends 29 percent of its after-tax income on child-care costs, compared with 10 percent or less in many other Western democracies, where child care is provided for or heavily subsidized by the state. Average annual tuition at an American day care center is nearly $10,000, and as much as $30,000 for a high-quality program in cities like New York and Los Angeles.
The issue has been something of a political orphan in recent years. Feminist organizers have focused more on equal pay and paid parental leave, while education reformers have rarely emphasized the period between birth and pre-K enrollment — even though those years are crucial for cognitive development. President Barack Obama’s 2015 plan to increase existing child-care tax credits to a maximum of $3,000 a child from $1,050 went nowhere.
As a presidential candidate, Mrs. Clinton introduced an ambitious proposal to cap child-care costs at 10 percent of a family’s income. But during a campaign season dominated by scandal, Mrs. Clinton’s plan got little attention. Mr. Trump’s tentative forays into child-care policy and paid parental leave — another traditional Democratic issue that he mentioned Tuesday in his speech — have attracted more interest, in part because they are unexpected from a Republican standard-bearer.
In the past, both Mr. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence spoke critically about mothers who work outside the home. But the child-care cause is important to Mr. Trump’s older daughter, Ivanka. In recent weeks, Ms. Trump has met with business leaders and members of Congress to promote the child-care proposal her father first rolled out last September.
Under the plan, individuals earning up to $250,000 a year, and couples earning up to $500,000, would be able to deduct from their taxable income the average cost of child care in their states. The benefit would be modest; for example, a reduction of $840 in federal taxes for a family earning $70,000 a year and paying $7,000 for child care. The plan would offer low-income workers child-care rebates, paid once a year through the earned-income tax credit. The proposal also calls for dedicated savings accounts in which families could invest pretax income to cover child care and elder care costs, as well as incentives for employers to provide child care in the workplace.
Those without wages, like unemployed single parents seeking work or attending job training, would not benefit from the Trump subsidies and are underserved by existing programs. The Child Care and Development Block Grant was created in 1996 as part of welfare reform and was intended to help the poorest parents afford day care. Those benefits currently reach only one out of every 10 eligible children, according to the National Association for the Education of Young Children.
Despite its limited reach, the Trump plan is expensive. An analysis by the Tax Policy Center found it would cost $115 billion over 10 years, most likely making it a nonstarter for Republicans. The proposal also offers little to the working poor, a potential problem for Democratic champions of child care, like Nancy Pelosi and Bernie Sanders. The average annual benefit would be just $10 for families earning $10,000 to $30,000 a year, according to the Tax Policy Center.
It is difficult to square President Trump’s child-care plan with his other budget priorities. Carrie L. Lukas, managing director of the conservative Independent Women’s Forum, supports Mr. Trump’s efforts to help families with child-care costs. But “he also talked about the need for tax simplification,” she said, “which is inconsistent with using deductions” as a social policy strategy.
Still, Ms. Lukas is enthusiastic about some aspects of the Trump proposal, including the fact that married couples with one stay-at-home parent would be able to claim the same tax deduction as many dual-income couples whose children are enrolled in child care. That is an unusual element of the plan; after all, parents who care for their children at home do not incur costs for day care tuition or nanny salaries.
Traditionally, many European nations that enacted government-supported child care had the goal of encouraging maternal employment. More working women means more tax revenue, and better, more accessible child care helps convince parents that they can afford to have more children, who in turn will become future taxpayers supporting the welfare state.
That is not a conservative vision. “It shouldn’t be about pushing to get people into 9-to-5 jobs and kids into day care,” Ms. Lukas said. “That’s not an appropriate role for government. I’ve got five kids, and there are a lot of nonworking parents in my community. They are not only taking care of their own kids, but they are volunteering at school.”
Though she describes herself as a “a libertarian conservative type of person,” Ms. Lukas enrolled her own children in Germany’s government child-care system when the family was stationed in Berlin for her husband’s job. The day care centers “were very expensive for taxpayers,” she said, but she was impressed by the quality of the staff, whose training is subsidized by the German government. “It’s a very serous profession, a very respectable career to pursue,” Ms. Lukas said. “That’s not always the case in America.”
Indeed, the median salary of an American child care worker is about $20,000 a year, a problem the Trump plan does not address.
Elaine Maag, senior research associate at the Tax Policy Center, said the president’s proposal would not “increase the amount of child care available, nor will it increase the quality of care that low-income families will be able to access.” However, Ms. Maag said she was willing to give the president at least a little credit. “I would characterize the plan as identifying an important problem,” she said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Ben Carson, an acclaimed neurosurgeon-turned-politician, can now add a new title to his résumé: secretary of housing and urban development.
The Senate voted 58-41 Thursday morning to confirm Mr. Carson after a rare show of bipartisanship. Unlike many other cabinet members chosen by President Trump, Mr. Carson, who has no experience running a large federal bureaucracy, did not face much pushback from Democrats during his confirmation process.
The Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs unanimously voted his nomination out of committee in January, though several Democrats did question him about his belief that government assistance programs often lead to dependency. Mr. Carson will now head an agency with a $47 billion budget and a charge to assist millions of low-income renters, fight urban blight and help struggling homeowners stave off foreclosures.
Mr. Carson, whose mother at times received food stamps to provide for her family, grew up surrounded by some of the housing assistance programs he will now oversee. Yet, rather than embrace the programs that once sustained his family and the families around him, he has adopted standard Republican beliefs that too much government help — both in desegregating neighborhoods and in lifting people from poverty — can discourage people from working hard.
Mr. Carson was awarded a scholarship to Yale University, and at 33, he was named director of pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins Children’s Center. He later became an author and a philanthropist supporting scholarships for young, often impoverished students.
After his medical career, Mr. Carson turned to politics and competed with Mr. Trump for the Republican presidential nomination.
Mr. Carson’s views worry many of his critics, who believe the federal government should be doing more, not less, for the nation’s cities, where glittering downtowns and increasingly gentrified neighborhoods are often surrounded by areas of poverty and violence, with predominantly minorities.
It is unclear how much Mr. Carson will seek to change housing policy. During his confirmation hearing, he would not commit definitively to avoid directing tax dollars to Trump businesses.
He did agree to work with Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio, the ranking Democrat on the Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs, to construct a system to identify properties tied both to the Trump family and the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Mr. Carson also committed to telling senators about the department’s dealings with any businesses owned by Mr. Trump or his relatives.



ARTICLE
On his first day on the job, the new Interior Department secretary, Ryan Zinke, proved he knows how to make an entrance: arriving high in the saddle on Tonto, an Irish sport horse. Mounted police escorted him a few blocks through Washington.
Mr. Zinke, a fifth-generation Montanan who now oversees the country’s 500 million acres of public land, including 59 national parks, showed up to work to a grand reception.
Officers from various agencies under the Interior Department lined the steps to the administration building. A drummer from his home state’s Northern Cheyenne tribe performed. The department is the liaison with federally recognized American Indian and Alaska Native nations.
Mr. Zinke, 55, served nearly two dozen years with the Navy SEALs before entering politics in 2008 as a Republican. After two terms in the Montana legislature, he was elected in 2014 as the state’s at-large representative in the House, before his nomination to the cabinet by President Trump. He was confirmed on Wednesday by the Senate with a vote of 68-31.
His horseback journey on Thursday started around 9 a.m., when Mr. Zinke, wearing a cowboy hat and jeans, mounted Tonto, a bay roan. Tonto, a gelding, stands an inch more than 17 hands, or about 5-foot-9, and belongs to the United States Park police. He is kept in stables at the National Mall.
Mr. Zinke rode several blocks to the entrance of the Interior Department on C Street NW, dismounted and then introduced himself to the staff inside, a department spokeswoman said. The department has 70,000 employees at 2,400 locations.
“It was quite a neat reception,” said Greg Julian, a spokesman at the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement.



ARTICLE
NEWPORT NEWS, Va. — President Trump on Thursday used the country’s most advanced, 100,000-ton aircraft carrier as the action-movie-like backdrop for his push to rebuild America’s armed forces with a $54 billion increase in military spending.
Speaking in the hangar bay of the nuclear-powered Gerald R. Ford, which this year will become the nation’s largest and most powerful warship, Mr. Trump said the Navy — and other military services — must grow and modernize.
“We will make it easier for the Navy to plan for the future and thus to control costs and get the best deals for the taxpayer,” the president said. “The same boat for less money, the same ship for less money, the same airplanes for less money.”
Ever the showman, Mr. Trump arrived on the carrier in dramatic style, landing on the flight deck aboard his helicopter, Marine One. He emerged with a sharp salute and wearing his trademark red Make America Great Again baseball cap.
One deck below, watching on large screens, hundreds of sailors and others let up a huge cheer for the commander in chief.
After touring the ship, the president was lowered to the hangar bay on the massive elevator that carries fighter jets between the decks. To the sounds of Lee Greenwood’s “God Bless the U.S.A.,” Mr. Trump strode into the crowd — wearing a Gerald R. Ford baseball cap.
Mr. Trump marveled at the ship’s size, calling it “4.5 acres of combat power and sovereign U.S. territory, the likes of which there is nothing to compete.”
“It is a monument to American might that will provide the strength necessary to ensure peace,” he said.
The Ford is the first of a new, more technologically advanced class of aircraft carrier, and cost about $13 billion to build after cost overruns and years of delay. But Mr. Trump did not mention those challenges, saying instead that he supports expanding to a 12-carrier Navy, from the current 10.
He said ships like the Ford will allow him and future presidents to project American power in distant lands.
“Hopefully it’s power we don’t have to use. But if we do, they are in big, big trouble,” he said to cheers from the sailors.
Mr. Trump asserted, as he did during the presidential campaign, that the Navy is now the smallest it has been since World War I.
The Navy swelled from 245 ships in 1916 to a peak of over 6,000 during World War II, downsizing between conflicts and bulking up during the Korean and Vietnam Wars. From the 1970s, the Navy gradually began to shrink to a total battle force of 275 ships as of September 2016.
But that fleet includes 10 aircraft carriers, 22 cruisers, 63 destroyers, 11 amphibious assault ships and 68 submarines, 14 of which are armed with nuclear warheads. These are far more powerful than the fleets of World War II. So comparing the navies of the past and today is “like comparing the telegraph to the smartphone; they’re just not comparable,” Ray Mabus, the secretary of the Navy under President Barack Obama, said in 2012.
Lawmakers in both parties have already expressed deep skepticism about Mr. Trump’s military spending proposal, in part because of its potential to increase the nation’s deficit and in part because of the administration’s assertion that it would deeply slash nonmilitary spending to compensate.
But the president’s desire to expand the military was a core promise during his campaign for the White House.
American politicians often seek to associate themselves with the country’s enormous, gleaming war machines. Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential candidate, announced his choice of Speaker Paul D. Ryan as his running mate on the retired battleship Wisconsin.
But sometimes the moment goes awry. In 2003, President George W. Bush stood on the deck of the aircraft carrier Abraham Lincoln to declare that the military phase of the Iraq war was over. He spoke in front of a banner that proclaimed “Mission Accomplished.” The war continued for years.
Aides to Mr. Trump are hoping that the images of the president on the Ford are more positive.



ARTICLE
BISMARCK, N.D. — About an hour after some 200 police officers cleared the last demonstrators against the Dakota Access Pipeline from their sprawling encampment on the North Dakota prairie last week, Gov. Doug Burgum signed into law four bills aimed at making it easier to control such protests.
With a few strokes of a pen, he placed the state in the vanguard of an emerging backlash by conservative forces against political and social advocates who see demonstrations — however unruly — as free speech protected by the Constitution.
In a season rife with demonstrations over immigration, pipelines, abortion, women’s rights and more, Republican legislators in at least 16 states have filed bills intended to make protests more orderly or to toughen penalties against ones that go awry. Republicans in two other states, Massachusetts and North Carolina, have said they will file protest-related bills.
Those numbers include only bills whose sponsors have specifically linked them to protests, said Jonathan Griffin, a policy analyst who tracks the measures at the National Conference of State Legislatures. How many will be enacted is unclear; a few already have been pronounced dead in committee.
Some sociologists and legal experts say the bills are in line with a general trend toward tougher treatment of protesters after especially disruptive demonstrations like the Occupy Wall Street movement in Manhattan and the 2014 violence in Ferguson, Mo.
But interviews and news reports suggest that some of the measures are either backed by supporters of President Trump or are responses to demonstrations against him and his policies. After a Nashville motorist struck safety workers who were escorting anti-Trump protesters at a crosswalk, a Tennessee state representative introduced legislation that would relieve motorists of any liability should they accidentally hit someone deliberately blocking a street.
An Iowa bill, filed after about 100 anti-Trump protesters closed Interstate 80 near Iowa City, would make blocking high-speed roads a felony punishable by up to five years in prison and $7,500 in fines. Similar legislation in Mississippi would impose a fine of up to $10,000. In Washington State, a Republican senator who helped run Mr. Trump’s campaign there filed legislation that would make it a felony to commit “economic terrorism,” defined as intentionally breaking the law to intimidate private citizens or to obstruct economic activity.
A Minnesota bill, responding to protests over the police shooting last year of an African-American man in a suburb of St. Paul, would allow cities to sue demonstrators who violate the law for the cost of policing their protests. And in North Carolina, a legislator promised to propose a measure making it illegal to “threaten, intimidate or retaliate” against state officials after hecklers denounced Gov. Pat McCrory, a Republican who lost a re-election bid in November.
Those two measures and perhaps others may face constitutional hurdles, said Kevin F. O’Neill, a scholar of protest law at the Cleveland-Marshall College of Law at Cleveland State University. “There’s a First Amendment right of access to sidewalks, public squares and even public streets,” he said. “Heckling is a well-protected First Amendment right.”
But demonstrators who fail to inform authorities of protest plans and locations and to secure a permit are on far shakier legal ground, he added. In those cases, actions like blocking a street would most likely be subject to prosecution. Most of the proposals appear to address protests that lack permits.
In many cases, the bills’ sponsors emphasize that they are trying to improve public safety or keep order, not squelch free speech.
“We support the First Amendment altogether and want people to get out and do what they want,” said State Senator George B. Gainer, Republican of Florida, who has proposed legislation that would raise fines for blocking traffic and, like the Tennessee measure, indemnify drivers who accidentally hit protesters. “But they shouldn’t endanger themselves or others.”
Some free-speech advocates, however, have their doubts. “There are already laws on the books in states that say if you break something or harm somebody, you’re going to be prosecuted,” said Patrick F. Gillham, a sociologist at Western Washington University who studies protests. “They’re troubling. They potentially have a chilling effect on protest.”
In Georgia, where the State Senate has passed legislation toughening the penalty for obstructing traffic, Worth Bishop, a volunteer for the anti-Trump movement Indivisible, said the proliferation of protest-related bills took aim at the First Amendment.
“These laws are clearly designed to abridge the right of the people to lawful assembly,” Mr. Bishop said. He called the proposals “intimidation from the right,” saying there was scant demand for the measures from the police.
In North Dakota, legislators rejected a bill similar to Tennessee’s that would have shielded motorists. But they enacted measures that expand the criminal trespass law, raise penalties for riot offenses, criminalize wearing masks and hoods while violating the law, and make it easier for out-of-state police officers to assist local authorities during events like protests.
Kyle Kirchmeier, the sheriff in Morton County, N.D., where the main protest camp was, cast the measures as needed additions to existing laws that were insufficient to contain the huge anti-pipeline demonstrations. “As this went along,” he said, “there was definitely areas in the law that we’ve seen that weren’t fitting, especially when people tie themselves to equipment and that type of thing.”
But demonstrators and civil liberties advocates sense a dark ulterior motive, and describe the new North Dakota measures as thinly veiled attempts to quell dissent and criminalize protest. The bills passed the Republican-dominated legislature with large majorities, and took effect immediately after the governor signed them.
“They’re looking for clever ways to send chilling effects,” said Chase Iron Eyes, a prominent pipeline protester and recent congressional candidate who was charged with inciting a riot after a February arrest. “The state will try to devise ways to squash opposition and chill the will of people who are willing to face risks to their liberty to further their cause.”
Opposition to the Dakota Access pipeline led to a remarkable mobilization of activists, many of them Native American, who spent months camped out demanding a halt to construction.
The gathering drew international headlines, prompted violent clashes with law enforcement and led to the mobilization of the National Guard and the installation of razor wire and roadblocks on rural byways.
In North Dakota, a rural state with a large energy industry where gatherings of such magnitude were unprecedented, the protests exhausted police resources and brought unwelcome scrutiny.
“You have something that’s chewing up tens of millions of dollars of extra law enforcement cost that we don’t have,” said Mr. Burgum, a Republican who took office in December when tensions were at a fever pitch, and who ordered the evacuation of the main camp last week.
Mr. Burgum, a first-time politician, earned praise for taking a more hands-on approach in meeting with tribal officials and protesters, and for arranging for the state to cover the cost of bus tickets and meals for out-of-town demonstrators who needed help getting home.
Kelly Armstrong, a state senator and the chairman of the North Dakota Republican Party, said the political environment in the state was sympathetic to law enforcement, and concerned about the monetary and reputational cost of the protests.
“For the most part, everyone in North Dakota was about ready for this to be over about two weeks after this started,” Mr. Armstrong said. “The politics of it, there’s not really an upside to being a pro-DAPL-protester politician,” he added, using initials for the pipeline.
But in that context, civil liberties advocates see the new protest-inspired laws as especially dangerous. Jennifer Cook, policy director of the American Civil Liberties Union of North Dakota, said there was a “concentrated effort to criminalize protests” in the state and that the new laws were “masked as ways to protect public safety.”
“We know that the bills were inspired by the events down in Morton County,” Ms. Cook said, “and that they are focused on preventing protesters from protesting, essentially.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Attorney General Jeff Sessions, facing a storm of criticism over newly disclosed contacts with the Russian ambassador to the United States, recused himself on Thursday from any investigation into charges that Russia meddled in the 2016 presidential election.
His announcement, delivered at a terse news conference, came after a day of rapid-fire developments in a murky affair that has shadowed President Trump, jeopardized his closest aides and intensified pressure for a full inquiry into Moscow’s attempts to influence the election as well as the policies of the new administration.
Many top Democrats demanded Mr. Sessions’s resignation, and a growing number of Republicans declared that he should not take part in any investigation into the case, given his own still largely unexplained role in it.
But Mr. Trump stoutly defended Mr. Sessions, one of his few early champions on Capitol Hill. “He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not intentional,” he said in a statement, which accused Democrats of engaging in “a total witch hunt.”
Mr. Sessions insisted there was nothing nefarious about his two meetings with the Russian ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak, even though he did not disclose them to the Senate during his confirmation hearing and they occurred during the heat of the race between Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee, and Mr. Trump, whom Mr. Sessions was advising on national security.
In his account on Thursday of the more substantive meeting, which took place in his Senate office on Sept. 8, Mr. Sessions described Mr. Kislyak as one of a parade of envoys who seek out lawmakers like him to glean information about American policies and promote the agendas of their governments.
“Somehow, the subject of Ukraine came up,” Mr. Sessions said, recalling that the meeting grew testy after the ambassador defended Russia’s conduct toward its neighbor and heaped blame on everybody else. “I thought he was pretty much of an old-style, Soviet-type ambassador,” Mr. Sessions said, noting that he declined a lunch invitation from Mr. Kislyak.
Mr. Sessions’s decision to recuse himself was one of his first public acts as attorney general. He said he made the decision after consulting with Justice Department officials, and he denied misleading Senator Al Franken, Democrat of Minnesota, when he said in his confirmation hearing that he had not met with Russian officials about the Trump campaign.
“In retrospect,” Mr. Sessions told reporters, “I should have slowed down and said, ‘But I did meet one Russian official a couple of times, and that would be the ambassador.’ ”
The latest disclosures — and the Trump administration’s contradictory accounts of them — have deepened the questions about Russia’s role in the election and its aftermath. The affair has fueled calls for congressional and independent investigations, and toppled another close Trump aide, Michael T. Flynn, who resigned as national security adviser last month after admitting he had misled the administration over his contacts with Mr. Kislyak.
On Thursday, the White House confirmed that Mr. Flynn had his own previously undisclosed meeting with the ambassador in December to “establish a line of communication” between the incoming administration and the Russian government. Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s son-in-law and now a senior adviser, also participated in the meeting at Trump Tower.
The extent and frequency of the Flynn-Kislyak contacts remain unclear. But news of the meeting added to the emerging picture of how the relationship between Mr. Trump’s team and Moscow evolved to include some of Mr. Trump’s most trusted advisers.
Two other Trump campaign advisers also reportedly spoke with Mr. Kislyak last year at an event on the sidelines of the Republican National Convention.
Carter Page, a businessman and early Trump foreign policy adviser, told MSNBC on Thursday, “I’m not going to deny that I talked to him,” but said in an earlier statement that he would not comment about the event, which was off the record. Additionally, J. D. Gordon, a retired naval officer who advised Mr. Trump on national security, told USA Today that he had had an “informal conversation” with Mr. Kislyak, and played down its importance.
Mr. Sessions’s decision to recuse himself exposed a rift between the White House and the Justice Department, not only over whether he should do so — Mr. Trump said he did not think Mr. Sessions needed to — but over the president’s public statements. A Justice Department official confessed puzzlement about why the White House regularly asserted that no one from the Trump campaign had any contact with the Russian government.
With Mr. Sessions’s recusal, any Justice Department investigation would be overseen by the deputy attorney general. Dana J. Boente is currently serving in an acting capacity from his role as the chief federal prosecutor for the Eastern District of Virginia. A Senate hearing is scheduled for Tuesday for the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein as deputy attorney general; he would oversee the issue if he is confirmed, and his hearing is now likely to be dominated by questions about the Russia issue.
It is not clear if the Justice Department is investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 election, although the F.B.I. is known to have examined possible contacts between Russia and Trump advisers. The House Intelligence Committee has also opened an inquiry into whether Russia tried to influence the election.
Mr. Trump said that he “wasn’t aware” that Mr. Sessions had spoken to the ambassador, but that he believed that the attorney general had testified truthfully during his confirmation hearing.
“I think he probably did,” Mr. Trump told reporters, while touring the Gerald R. Ford, the newest American aircraft carrier, in Newport News, Va. Asked whether Mr. Sessions should recuse himself from the investigations, the president said, “I don’t think so.”
Within Mr. Trump’s inner circle, Mr. Flynn appears to have been the primary interlocutor with the Russian envoy. The two were in contact during the campaign and the transition, Mr. Kislyak and current and former American officials have said. But Mr. Sessions served as the chairman of Mr. Trump’s national security committee — a post Democrats said would have made him a much sought-after figure for officials from many foreign countries.
There is nothing unusual about meetings between presidential campaigns and foreign diplomats. Mr. Kislyak was one of several envoys at the Republican National Convention, where his first meeting with Mr. Sessions, according to the attorney general, was a brief encounter after a panel organized by the Heritage Foundation. Ambassadors also attended the Democratic convention, though it was not clear whether Mr. Kislyak was among them.
“Active embassies here consider it as their assignment to stretch out feelers to presidential hopefuls,” said Peter Wittig, the German ambassador, who met most of the Republican candidates, though not Mr. Trump. “I don’t consider it as something unusual or problematic.”
The trouble in Mr. Sessions’s case is that his meeting came as the nation’s intelligence agencies were concluding that Russia had tried to destabilize the election and help Mr. Trump. Mr. Sessions’s initial lack of disclosure of the meetings with Mr. Kislyak fed suspicions that it was more than run-of-the-mill diplomacy.
The disclosure, first reported by The Washington Post, contradicted forceful and repeated denials from the White House that anyone from the Trump campaign had discussions with the Russians. “I have nothing to do with Russia,” Mr. Trump said at a news conference on Feb. 20. “To the best of my knowledge, no person that I deal with does.”
Asked at the news conference on Thursday whether he and the ambassador had discussed Mr. Trump or the election, Mr. Sessions said, “I don’t recall.” Ambassadors are “pretty gossipy,” he said, and “this was in campaign season, but I don’t recall any specific political discussions.”
Mr. Sessions noted that he was joined by two retired Army colonels on his staff, as well as perhaps a younger staff member. He said they opened with small talk about Mr. Sessions’s visit to Russia with a church group in 1991.
“He said he was not a believer himself, but he was glad to have church people come there,” Mr. Sessions recalled.
That meeting came during the waning months of the campaign. But the meeting two months later of Mr. Kushner, Mr. Flynn and Mr. Kislyak came at an arguably more crucial time, with Mr. Trump as the president-elect and the Obama White House preparing to impose sanctions on Russia and publicly make its case that Moscow had interfered with the election.
What is becoming clear is that the incoming Trump administration was simultaneously striking a conciliatory pose toward Moscow in a series of meetings and calls involving Mr. Kislyak.
“They generally discussed the relationship, and it made sense to establish a line of communication,” said Hope Hicks, a White House spokeswoman. “Jared has had meetings with many other foreign countries and representatives — as many as two dozen other foreign countries’ leaders and representatives.”
The Trump Tower meeting lasted 20 minutes, and Mr. Kushner has not met since with Mr. Kislyak, Ms. Hicks said.
At Mr. Sessions’s confirmation hearing, Mr. Franken asked him about a CNN report that after the election, intelligence briefers had told President Barack Obama and Mr. Trump that Russian operatives claimed to have compromising information about Mr. Trump.
Mr. Franken also noted that the report indicated that surrogates for Mr. Trump and intermediaries for the Russian government continued to exchange information during the campaign. He asked Mr. Sessions what he would do if that report proved true.
Mr. Sessions replied that he was “not aware of any of those activities.” He added, “I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign, and I didn’t have — did not have communications with the Russians, and I’m unable to comment on it.”
On Thursday, Mr. Sessions said he did not view Mr. Kislyak’s visit as tied to his campaign role, but he acknowledged, “I can’t speak for what the Russian ambassador may have had in his mind.”



ARTICLE
Dozens of companies, including Amazon, Apple, IBM and Microsoft, have signed on to a Supreme Court brief supporting a transgender boy’s fight against his school district over which school bathrooms he may use.
The businesses, 53 in all, joined a brief that the Human Rights Campaign, a nonprofit organization supporting gay rights, planned to file on Thursday. The advocacy group is urging the Supreme Court to side with Gavin Grimm, a transgender student represented by the American Civil Liberties Union, in his case against the Gloucester County School Board in Virginia.
“These companies are sending a powerful message to transgender children and their families that America’s leading businesses have their backs,” Chad Griffin, the Human Rights Campaign’s president, said in a statement announcing the support.
With oral arguments scheduled for the end of the month, Mr. Grimm’s case is progressing at the Supreme Court as the rights of transgender youth face increased scrutiny nationwide. In January, the Boy Scouts of America reversed a century-old stance, opening the door to transgender members. Last week, President Trump rescinded rules put in place less than a year earlier allowing transgender students to use bathrooms corresponding with their gender identity. Mr. Grimm’s case could settle the bathroom issue once and for all.
The signatories of the Human Rights Campaign brief include a number of tech companies, like Airbnb, eBay, Intel, LinkedIn, PayPal, Salesforce, Twitter, Yahoo and Yelp. But businesses from several other industries have signed on, too. They include Gap, MAC Cosmetics, Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance, Mitchell Gold + Bob Williams, Warby Parker and Williams-Sonoma.
It is not the first time that big businesses have lent their support to the fight for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender rights. Last year, for example, the chief executives of dozens of major corporations wrote a letter to Pat McCrory, the North Carolina governor at the time, urging the state to repeal House Bill 2, which curbed legal protections for the gay community. A bipartisan effort has begun to repeal that bill.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump’s address to Congress on Tuesday night buoyed House Republican leaders who were hopeful that his leadership would unite fractious lawmakers around a plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. But fundamental disagreements still divide Republicans on one of the central promises of their 2016 campaigns: repealing the health law.
While Mr. Trump appeared to back a health plan being drawn up by Republican leaders, it became clear Wednesday that lawmakers were continuing to argue over its details. Republican senators emerged from a closed-door meeting on health care tight-lipped.
Some have balked at a proposal to require workers to pay taxes on particularly generous employer-provided health benefits. Some are worried about the future of Medicaid.
But the central dividing line appears to be over how the federal government would help people purchase health insurance.
House Republican leaders would offer to help people buy insurance on the free market with a tax credit that, for some low-income households, could exceed the amount they owe in federal income taxes.
Some of the most conservative Republicans say the tax credit should not be more than the amount of taxes consumers owe. If the government makes payments to people with little or no tax liability, they say, that would amount to a new entitlement program, replacing one kind of government largess from President Barack Obama with another from Mr. Trump.
“Coming in as a Republican president with a new federal entitlement program?” asked Representative Dave Brat, a conservative Republican from Virginia. “That’s your first big move? You would have politicians bidding up the cost, adding to the financial problems of other entitlement programs like Medicare and Social Security.”
After the president’s speech, aides to the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, crowed that they had the full backing of Mr. Trump for their health care plan.
But Mr. Trump was decidedly vague. He backed tax credits to buy insurance, but he did not clearly resolve the disagreement between Mr. Ryan and the most conservative Republicans.
“We should help Americans purchase their own coverage through the use of tax credits and expanded health savings accounts,” Mr. Trump told a joint session of Congress.
The details of the tax credit could make a substantial difference to consumers. If a family is eligible for a $3,000 tax credit to buy insurance and owes $1,000 in federal income taxes, should it get only $1,000? Or should it get the full $3,000?
Most tax breaks reduce the amount owed to the government. A refundable tax credit can also result in payments from the government: If the credit exceeds a person’s tax liability, the government pays him or her the excess.
“I think refundable tax credits are just another word for subsidies,” said Senator Rand Paul, Republican of Kentucky.
Defenders of refundable tax credits say they are needed to make insurance affordable to people who pay little or no taxes.
“Otherwise, they’re useless,” said Representative Chris Collins of New York, one of Mr. Trump’s top supporters in Congress. “What good’s a tax credit for folks who don’t pay taxes?”
In fact, for those who cannot pitch in much of their own income, even a refundable tax credit is not likely to be enough to pay for a health insurance policy, Democrats say. That is one reason the Republican alternative is not likely to cover as many people as the Affordable Care Act.
At the meeting on Wednesday, several Republican senators expressed concern that the tax credit proposed by House leaders would be available even to people with high incomes who did not need federal assistance.
Earlier, Representative Kevin Brady, Republican of Texas and head of the Ways and Means Committee, said the credit would be a way to provide more equity in the tax code by creating a tax break for people who buy insurance on their own, similar to the break already available to people who get insurance through the workplace.
He predicted that Republicans would overcome their divisions.
“Rather than using his speech to divide Republicans,” Mr. Brady said, “it’s really an opportunity for us to sit down and work through what remaining differences there are, and I’m confident we can.”
Mr. Brady and another architect of the House plan, Representative Greg Walden of Oregon, the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, huddled with Republican senators on Wednesday. But lawmakers left the meeting with many unanswered questions and were not ready to endorse the House plan.
The fractures among Republicans have been on display in the past few days. On Monday night, three senators — Mr. Paul, Mike Lee of Utah and Ted Cruz of Texas — posted on Twitter in support of what they called #FullRepeal.
“If we fail to honor our commitment to repeal Obamacare, I believe the consequences would be, quite rightly, catastrophic,” Mr. Cruz said on Wednesday.
The leaders of two groups of House conservatives, the Republican Study Committee and the House Freedom Caucus, also came out against a draft of the health care legislation that became public during last week’s congressional recess. The groups have more than enough members to thwart House leaders’ plan if they are determined to do so.
Senator James Lankford, Republican of Oklahoma, likened the leadership’s tax-credit proposal to the earned-income tax credit, which supplements the wages of low-income workers. There has been “a tremendous amount of improper payments” in that program, he said.
Other Republican skeptics include Senators Thom Tillis of North Carolina and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina. “There are other ways you can address that segment of the population,” Mr. Tillis said of the working poor with little or no income tax liability.
Some Republicans are also concerned about the possibility of requiring workers to pay taxes on the value of employer-sponsored coverage exceeding certain thresholds. Employers and labor unions strenuously oppose such a move, which would affect people in the most expensive health plans and is similar in purpose to a provision of the existing law. Both measures are designed to curb overuse of health care and to help pay for the broader measures.
“I don’t think it’d go over very good in the Senate,” Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa, said last week.
Then there is the issue of Medicaid. Lawmakers from states that expanded Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act face pressure back home — in some cases, from Republican governors — to oppose sharp cuts to the generous federal funding that those states are receiving.
Senator Lisa Murkowski, Republican of Alaska, which has expanded eligibility for Medicaid under the health care law, said she wanted to be sure that her state could retain the expansion if its legislature wanted to do so.
“Alaska should have that option,” she said.



ARTICLE
MOBILE, Ala. — When people think of Mardi Gras, they think of New Orleans. But long before there even was a New Orleans, another Southern city — Mobile, Ala. — was celebrating Mardi Gras in the run-up to Ash Wednesday.
Mobile dates its Mardi Gras to 1703, a decade and a half before New Orleans was founded. Its Carnival, the oldest in America, stretches for months, beginning in November with debutante balls and other events.
Ladies of the royal court of the Mobile Carnival Association waited in a viewing tent before the King’s Parade. The Mobile Mardi Gras Parading Association says the Mobile area has 72 participating organizations, called mystic societies, celebrating this year. The groups are still largely segregated by race and class.
With no governing body, each organization sets up its own parade, applies for permits, and builds or rents its floats. The Mobile Carnival Association was formed in 1872 to foster economic success in the city and help organize activities for Carnival. It lobbied a few years later to declare Fat Tuesday a legal holiday in Mobile.
The first mystic societies formed in the 1830s, but it took until 1894 for the African-American community to get its own group. The Mobile Area Mardi Gras Association, formerly called the Colored Carnival Association, held its first parade in 1940, more than two decades before the end of segregation. A former president, Eric Finley, says the group was started by African-American businessmen to provide cultural and educational activities for black residents and show them what they could achieve through education. Its parade route winds through the predominantly black Fisher neighborhood of Mobile.
Many of the mystic societies hold annual formal balls. Some of the balls are private, only for members and their families; others sell tickets to guests. Membership rules vary. Members need to be born into some societies; other groups invite residents to join, and still others accept anyone who pays the dues.
The king of the Order of Doves, Ross Huffstutler, received help from Maxine Day James as he and the queen — his wife, Hannah Huffstutler — waited to pay their respects to the royal couple of the Mobile Area Mardi Gras Association at their coronation ceremony.
“Each society has some royalty, either a king or queen or a leading lady, often chosen for the time, talent and resources given to the society by their family over the years,” says Judi Gulledge, executive director of the Mobile Carnival Association. “It is a reward for longevity.”
Only two mystic societies, the Mobile Carnival Association and the Mobile Area Mardi Gras Association, have public coronations.
Queen Victoria Maureen Ball, seated next to Father Time, awaits the start of the Mystics of Time parade. Each year, Father Time is selected from the Mystics of Time members based on his service to the organization, and the queen is usually an unmarried relative of Father Time.
A secret society, the Mistresses of Joe Cain, gave out roses during the Joe Cain Procession in Mobile. Joe Cain, a Confederate soldier, is credited with reviving Mardi Gras after the Civil War, and the Joe Cain Procession is held each year on the Sunday before Fat Tuesday.
From the back of a pickup truck along the Joe Cain Procession route, a family waits to see the royal motorcade of the Mobile Area Mardi Gras Association.
One member of the Mystics of Time, who declined to give his name to maintain the group’s cloak of secrecy, said that despite invitations to join several societies, his choice came down to his childhood memories of the parades.
Having moved to Mobile when he was 9, he vividly remembers the 100-foot fire-breathing dragons at the Mystics of Time parade, and what a large impact that had on him.
Parade marshals and members gathered for the midnight toast at the Mystics of Time ball. Wearing masks allows the society members to celebrate with abandon; many mystic societies still protect the identities of their members.
A janitor swept confetti, coins and rubber balls off the floor as the dancing got underway after the tableau, or presentation of the members, at the Mystics of Time ball.
Royal courts from other area organizations were on hand at the Mobile Area Mardi Gras Association’s royal coronation ceremony at the Mobile Convention Center.
A marshal and his escort walked off the stage after being presented during the tableau at the Mystics of Time ball. The presentations are an extravagant event, with each member standing in the spotlight, receiving applause. The ball is held in a convention center auditorium with levels of attendance: Only certain people get a floor pass, but many guests watch from an upper level of stadium seating.
An Order of Myths member, dressed as Folly on the lead float, entered the secret society’s clubhouse at the end of the parade. The organization was founded in the fall of 1867, and its parade this year highlighted its founding 150 years ago. It is the oldest parading society in Mobile.
Debra Stencil danced at her table in the back of the hall during the Grand Marshals Ball for the Mobile Area Mardi Gras Association.
A fire twirler, Reagan Lee, marched through Mobile in the Order of Doves parade.
Vanessa Shoots, a lawyer and historian who attended this year’s Mobile Area Mardi Gras Association ball, recalled struggling to find a good viewing spot while attending a parade a while back with her daughter. A white woman wearing a Confederate flag took Ms. Shoots’s daughter — her “little black baby” — and brought her up to the front so she could see.
“That taught me that not every person who wears a Confederate flag knows how deeply it offends me,” Ms. Shoots said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump loves the song “My Way,” bristles at the slightest alterations in his daily routine, and lashes out when the world won’t accept him on his own terms.
Then, when that doesn’t work, he tries something completely different.
Mr. Trump’s well-received address to Congress on Tuesday night, a conciliatory speech in which the word “we” outnumbered the word “I” by three to one, represented precisely that kind of shift. Just last week, Mr. Trump shouted himself hoarse branding the news media “enemies of the American people” at a time when he was working on an address that invoked the better angels of his own nature, national unity and an “end to trivial fights.”
This does not represent a pivot, it is not a fundamental change of approach, and it does not mean that Mr. Trump plans to abandon his tweet-first-and-ask-questions-later style.
But it is a recognition by the White House, from Mr. Trump on down, that what it had been doing was not quite working and that a softer sales tactic was needed to sell the same hard-edge populist agenda he campaigned on, people close to Mr. Trump said.
“It was not a reset speech,” the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, told reporters on Wednesday, as Mr. Trump’s team basked in its best news cycle since he took office 41 days ago.
Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker and a Trump ally and adviser, said, “The thing people don’t get about Trump is how quickly he learns — he moves fast — so he’s going to be using different approaches.”
“He started out with a set of attitudes and assumptions, and he’s gradually learning which ones are worth keeping and which ones he needs to throw out,” Mr. Gingrich said. “On Tuesday he rose to the occasion because he knew the country was watching. That doesn’t mean next Tuesday he won’t have a 20,000-person rally where he strikes a different tone.”
Striking that presidential tone, as Mr. Trump did on Tuesday, was an important political move for a commander in chief facing historically low approval numbers and skepticism from fellow Republicans.
Republican Senate and House members were cheered by the president’s optimistic message. But in private, they are becoming increasingly anxious about the administration’s reluctance to present a detailed plan on how to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, as well as offer a more specific budget document than a brief outline circulated last week, a $1 trillion infrastructure package that is still in the theoretical stage, and an as-yet vague proposal to cut corporate taxes.
Some Republican senators noted in private that nationalist edges on illegal immigration still cut through the speech, despite all the cushioning of the language.
Democrats were even less charitable.
“Come on; there was no pivot, and there isn’t going to be one,” said Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York, the minority leader. “The speech wasn’t as harsh as some other ones, but it was basically the same things he’s been saying all along. It had the same terrible policies on immigration and other issues.”
The speech on Tuesday, current and former Trump staff members said, was conceived as a bookend to the Inaugural Address, which was intended to be short and businesslike — to project the new president’s impatience in enacting his “America First” agenda that included quickly killing the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal and beefing up border security.
Aware that Mr. Trump would be speaking to the largest television audience since his inaugural, his messaging team — led by his chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon; his top policy adviser, Stephen Miller; and the speechwriter Vince Haley, with input from his counselor Kellyanne Conway, his spokeswoman Hope Hicks and a handful of others — took pains to soften his often incendiary language.
And they were pleased with the contrast between his slashing, improvisational speech to the Conservative Political Action Conference last Friday and his dignified delivery on Tuesday — all of which showcased Mr. Trump’s political range, according to one person close to the team. Mr. Trump also resisted any instincts he may have had to ad-lib.
But Mr. Trump faces weeks of significant governing challenges that might soon overshadow the success of the speech and the weeklong schedule of follow-up events around the country by him and Vice President Mike Pence.
Two people briefed on how Tuesday’s speech to Congress was crafted said the lack of details was an intentionally evasive maneuver, using phrases that allowed different groups to read in what they wanted. It buys the president more time to change the narrative that his White House is short-staffed and in disarray.
But none of a dozen people in Mr. Trump’s orbit said they had expected him to sustain the tone of measured magnanimity in the speech.
Inside the White House, the success of the address — three-quarters of respondents polled by CBS approved of Mr. Trump’s message — was greeted with relief after weeks of controversy over the president’s reported ties with Russia, the botched rollout of his immigration executive order and the resignation of his national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn.
The question of when, or whether, Mr. Trump will ever move away from his brash, in-your-face style to a more sedate and conventional approach has been dogging the former real estate developer since the earliest days of his presidential campaign.
There have been nearly as many false pivots as real crises: Mr. Trump was expected to adopt a kinder-gentler attitude after an “Access Hollywood” recording of him making lewd comments about women surfaced last fall, but after a short statement of contrition he went back on the attack.
The moment that came closest to Tuesday night’s change of tone came on election night when Mr. Trump called for unity and an end to a vicious political war he had so vigorously pursued.
“It’s time for America to bind the wounds of division — have to get together,” the stunned winner told his supporters at a Manhattan ballroom that night. “To all Republicans and Democrats and independents across this nation, I say it is time for us to come together as one united people. It’s time.”
But over the next few months, Mr. Trump often adopted a harsher and darker tone in interviews, speeches (often off the cuff) and on Twitter.
He cannot afford that approach now, as he moves into the tougher, more public process of trying to push a legislative program through Congress.
On Wednesday, Mr. Trump — who loves to linger in front of the cameras before ceremonial White House events — hustled the news media out of the Roosevelt Room after 30 seconds to begin his first real nuts-and-bolts negotiating session with Hill Republicans, including Speaker Paul D. Ryan and Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader.
“We are here to start the process,” a solemn-faced Mr. Trump said. “It begins as of now.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump spent his first weeks in office vowing to crack down on illegal immigration with deportations and other get-tough proposals. But when he went before Congress on Tuesday to lay out his agenda, he offered a far broader plan that echoes an approach long favored by mainstream Republicans for reshaping the nation’s immigration laws.
Mr. Trump’s call for a “merit-based” immigration system — one that puts a priority on skills and employability over family ties — revived a central element of the broad immigration compromise sought in 2007 by President George W. Bush, which paired stricter border enforcement with an eventual grant of legal status for many of the estimated 11 million immigrants illegally living in the United States. In a conversation with television news anchors at the White House on Tuesday, Mr. Trump said  he would be open to such a deal, although he did not mention that in his speech to Congress.
Mr. Trump’s remarks in the speech focused instead on the merit-based system. “It’s a basic principle that those seeking to enter a country ought to be able to support themselves financially, yet in America, we do not enforce this rule, straining the very public resources that our poorest citizens rely upon,” Mr. Trump said. “Switching away from this current system of lower-skilled immigration, and instead adopting a merit-based system, we will have so many more benefits.”
But such a system is viewed with skepticism by some Republicans who fear it would harm the economy by shutting out less-educated immigrants who fill vital jobs, such as farm and kitchen workers.
“It sounds great just to bring the total brainiac, most skilled people here, but when you look at the economy, it’s not that simple — you need the brainiacs, but you need the low-skilled people as well,” said Tamar Jacoby, the president of ImmigrationWorks USA, who advises Republicans on immigration issues.
Democrats and those on the left have an even more sinister view of the idea, arguing that Mr. Trump’s emphasis on choosing the most skilled immigrants is a backdoor way to re-engineer American laws to filter out certain ethnicities and nationalities.
A vast majority of immigrants admitted to the United States are granted entry based on their family ties. Less than one-fifth are admitted through job-based preferences, and a similarly small number come in through refugee or asylum programs.
United States citizens may sponsor immediate family members — spouses, minor children and parents — for visas that are not subject to any caps. Their siblings and adult children get preferences under a program that provides a limited number of visas each year to citizens’ relatives. Legal permanent residents, those who have green cards, can also apply for visas for their spouses and children.
In 2014, of more than one million legal permanent residents admitted, 64 percent were either immediate relatives of American citizens or had been sponsored by family members. Fifteen percent received an employment-based preference and 13 percent came with refugee or asylum status, according to data compiled by the Migration Policy Institute, an independent research organization. An additional 5 percent were admitted through the State Department’s diversity lottery, a program that awards permanent residency to people from countries with low rates of immigration to the United States.
Mr. Trump did not say how the government would carry out the changes he envisions. But he cited Canada’s merit-based system, in which immigrants are awarded points according to their educational and employment background, language proficiency and financial means, among other considerations. The highest scorers get priority for admission.
A points system was a feature of the 2007 immigration proposal that died in the Senate. Under that measure, employment attributes like education and skills would have accounted for more points than family relationships. Immigrants with family members living legally in the United States, either as citizens or permanent residents, would have seen their visa preferences ended or strictly limited. But employment-based visas would have increased substantially.
In that measure, temporary workers would have been barred from bringing family members to the United States unless they accepted a shorter-term visa and could show they would not become primarily dependent on government benefits. Mr. Trump’s mention in his speech of financial self-sufficiency for immigrants seemed to suggest he would favor such a standard.
Mr. Trump argued that the current immigration system is “straining the very public resources that our poorest citizens rely upon,” and made the case that one based on merit would provide an economic boost to American workers.
“It will save countless dollars, raise workers’ wages and help struggling families, including immigrant families, enter the middle class,” the president said. “And they will do it quickly, and they will be very, very happy, indeed.”
Mr. Trump’s assertion is based on the view that because the current system allows people to immigrate to the United States without regard for their employability or skill level, it creates an oversupply of low-skilled workers, who in turn drive down job opportunities and wages for Americans with a high school diploma or less.
Critics of the merit-based system say the reality is not so simple.
The number of family-based immigrants who enter the United States each year is a tiny fraction of the total work force, and there is no guarantee that reducing the number of those immigrants or substituting people with better education and skills would increase either wages or employment opportunity.
“There’s certainly a rationale for increasing the number of people who get permanent residency who employers want to hire for both lower-skilled jobs and higher-skilled jobs, but there’s no reason that can’t be accomplished without still allowing people to bring family members in,” said Stuart Anderson, the executive director of the National Foundation for American Policy, a nonpartisan policy research organization, and a former senior immigration official under Mr. Bush.
“This is more of a political rationalization for just cutting out family categories, rather than some belief that if we got more highly skilled people, it would genuinely help the economy,” Mr. Anderson said.



ARTICLE
President Trump, returning to a promise that won him cheers on the campaign trail, signaled in his first address to Congress on Tuesday that he will move aggressively to allow more public school students to use tax money to pay for tuition at public charter schools, private schools and even religious schools.
At rallies last year across the country, Mr. Trump said over and over again that he would use the nation’s schools to fix what he described as failing inner cities and a virtual education crisis that most hurts black and Hispanic children. In North Carolina, he called school choice “the great civil rights issue of our time.” In Florida, he declared that “every disadvantaged child in this country” should have access to school choice.
And, at a Washington gathering of conservatives, he said that under his administration, “money will follow the student to the public, private or religious school that is best for them and their family.” In his speech on Tuesday, Mr. Trump reiterated those pledges, and in doing so backed his controversial education secretary, Betsy DeVos, who has built her career on promoting voucher programs.
“I am calling upon members of both parties to pass an education bill that funds school choice for disadvantaged youth, including millions of African-American and Latino children,” Mr. Trump said during the joint session of Congress, to applause from many Republican lawmakers. “These families should be free to choose the public, private, charter, magnet, religious or home school that is right for them.”
In a statement, Ms. DeVos praised the president and said he “delivered on his promise to support school choice and offer students access to quality options.”
A Department of Education official said on Wednesday afternoon that Mr. Trump and Ms. DeVos were considering a number of ways to create a federal school choice program that would offer tax credit scholarships. That would allow individuals and corporations to make tax deductible donations to nonprofit networks of private schools, which then provide tuition scholarships to students. The administration is also considering allowing schools to directly access Title I funds from the Education Department that are used to help support low income students.
On the campaign trail, Mr. Trump introduced an ambitious $20 billion school voucher plan that would have allowed students to move federal education dollars to the public or private school of their choice. But the idea, seen by some as radical and expensive, has scant congressional support.
Meanwhile, even some supporters of school choice programs remain skeptical of increased federal involvement, which could come with regulations on which students are accepted by private schools, and how students are assessed academically.
Greg Forster, a fellow at EdChoice, a research and advocacy organization that promotes school choice options, said that while he welcomes more support for the idea of school choice, he wants the issue to remain a state responsibility. “We have achieved a lot of victories at the state level by building bridges,” Mr. Forster said. Having Mr. Trump as an advocate “is a bigger problem for the school choice movement than it is a blessing, in my book,” he said.
He added that there is “no need for a federal push for school choice” because the options are increasingly gaining ground, leading to 61 private school choice programs in 30 states and the District of Columbia.
Robin Lake, director of the University of Washington’s Center on Reinventing Public Education, said opinions like Mr. Forster’s show that a federal choice program will be a tough sell to Congress. “Even the Republicans are in disagreement about a lot of the details about how the program would work,” Ms. Lake said.
The choice movement has ranged from the narrow embrace of public charter schools to an approach favored by conservatives that would take tax money and increasingly make it available to religious institutions. Some see allowing religious schools to use public funds as an unconstitutional support of religion by the government. Yet advocates and opponents of such programs say religious schools — including many Catholic schools serving low-income students — have for years been included in the voucher programs.
More than a decade ago, the United States Supreme Court ruled that the Constitution could not prohibit the use of public vouchers to pay for religious schools in Cleveland. However, in 2015, Colorado’s highest court struck down a voucher program that allowed parents in a conservative suburban school district to use taxpayer dollars to send their children to private schools. The Colorado court ruled that “a school district may not aid religious schools.”
Critics fear that school choice programs can lead to increased segregation. They say black, Latino and white students in urban areas often end up in schools that are more racially homogeneous than their neighborhood schools. Moreover, choice programs could bypass rural school districts where private schools are not an option, and where online schooling has often been shown not to improve education.
Lily Eskelsen García, president of the National Education Association, said she worried that a federal program would fund private schools and religious schools that may not adhere to the same civil rights laws as public schools. She said such a program would be “essentially supporting a religious doctrine.”
“They can discriminate based on religion, or disability or language needs,” Ms. García said of private and religious schools. “That is the exact antithesis of a public school.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — He joked with ABC’s George Stephanopoulos after filleting him in public, brought up a recent “60 Minutes” episode with CBS’s Scott Pelley and shook hands with Jake Tapper of CNN, the cable network that the commander in chief loves to hate.
All presidents lunch with major news anchors. But this week’s White House gathering was different. The president kept his guests 30 minutes beyond the allotted hour, was gracious and spoke so much that he left his peekytoe crab salad untouched — a recognition, those close to him say, that he must sell himself to the Washington news media because he believes the people who work for him cannot.
Mr. Trump, after all, had conceded only the day before on national television that “in terms of messaging, I would give myself a C or a C-plus.” In the same interview, on “Fox & Friends,” the president described his press secretary, Sean Spicer, as “a fine human being.” The language struck close Trump associates as a dismissive turn from a man who relishes hyperbole.
Christopher Ruddy, the chief executive of Newsmax Media and a longtime friend of Mr. Trump who visited him in the Oval Office on Wednesday, said that the president was experiencing “a lot of angst” about his negative coverage. But Mr. Trump, he said, was feeling energized after his speech to Congress on Tuesday. “He said to me, ‘People tell me that it was the best speech I ever gave,’” Mr. Ruddy said. “He seemed really pleased.”
A master media manipulator and storyteller, Mr. Trump went without a traditional press secretary during the presidential campaign, preferring to field queries on his own. Now he is increasingly taking command of his administration’s message making, and privately expressing frustration with a White House press office under siege amid leaks and infighting.
John Catsimatidis, the Manhattan businessman and a Trump friend of three decades, said he would counsel Mr. Trump to give better directions to the press office. He should “sit down with them and tell them, ‘You have to explain things to people in a way where it’s completely understandable to everybody.’”
Mr. Catsimatidis, who praised Mr. Trump’s delivery in his Tuesday speech to Congress, said the president remained his own best messenger. “Everybody hates his tweets, but at least people know what he’s really thinking,” Mr. Catsimatidis said.
That view is shared by a cadre of Trump allies and advisers, who watched him engage repeatedly with reporters throughout the campaign and found the coverage of their boss to be the better for it. For the first few weeks of his new administration, Mr. Trump was mostly cloistered in the West Wing, away from journalists, save for the occasional phone interview.
The president reached his limit as a media shut-in after a particularly tough week of headlines last month, when he decided he wanted to fight back himself, despite the objections of some advisers, at a hastily arranged news conference. The result was a 77-minute Trump tour de force that — while filled with presidential grievances and meandering complaints about media coverage — was at least viewed as a cathartic exercise for a frustrated commander in chief.
The news conference was, in many ways, a natural outgrowth of Mr. Trump’s adjustment to the sprawling bureaucracy of the White House after decades of overseeing a close-knit business. Mr. Trump, who speaks to hundreds of people but trusts very few of them, is surrounded by a group of staff members who are still new to him.
Of those he knows well, Kellyanne Conway, the White House counselor and a frequent on-air face of the administration, came under fire after she described a terrorist “massacre” that never took place. She has often described Mr. Trump as his own best spokesman.
In the meantime a distrustful atmosphere pervades the White House press office, which is a mixture of Trump loyalists and Republican National Committee alumni divided by a “line in the sand,” as one former campaign adviser put it.
To be sure, anyone serving as press secretary for Mr. Trump has a thankless task, and Mr. Spicer’s turn at the controls of the Trump train has been bumpy enough to deter several Republican strategists from seeking a job in the White House.
Mr. Trump hired Mr. Spicer at the urging of his chief of staff, Reince Priebus, despite his own lingering questions about the strategist’s loyalty, according to four former campaign officials, who asked for anonymity to speak candidly about private discussions with Mr. Trump.
The president offers Mr. Spicer frequent critiques of his performance in the briefing room, and while the press secretary has improved in the president’s estimation, Mr. Trump was displeased by a series of recent unforced errors.
Mr. Spicer has become convinced that he is facing leaks from his own staff. In a highly unusual move, described by two people with direct knowledge of the situation, Mr. Spicer, in the middle of the week before Mr. Trump’s speech, summoned his aides to a conference room and demanded that they turn over personal and work smartphones, an attempt to smoke out leaks.
Mr. Trump was unaware of — and, according to two senior administration officials, displeased by — Mr. Spicer’s leak hunt. Mr. Spicer’s move was itself leaked to Politico.
Asked on “Fox & Friends” about the incident, Mr. Trump drew some distance between himself and his press secretary. “I would have done it differently,” Mr. Trump told the Fox anchors Steve Doocy and Brian Kilmeade. “I would have handled it differently than Sean.” He added, “But Sean handles it his way and I’m O.K. with it.”
The press office has also become distracted by small grievances, with some staff members displaying Mr. Trump’s signature bravado in the service of settling smaller scores.
Mr. Spicer’s long-running feud with a Politico reporter, Alex Isenstadt, which predates the campaign, led to a planted item in The Washington Examiner, a conservative-leaning publication, asserting that Mr. Isenstadt, who helped break the phone hunt story, had laughed about the death of a United States soldier while speaking to Mr. Spicer. Politico officials strenuously denied the claim, and said Mr. Isenstadt was scoffing at Mr. Spicer’s behavior during a contentious exchange, during which the press secretary leveled several threats.
The press secretary has some high-profile defenders. Corey Lewandowski, Mr. Trump’s former campaign manager who remains close to the administration, said in an interview that Mr. Spicer was “a consummate professional who understands the media.”
“He is continuing to represent the president in a way that is authentic and direct to the American people,” Mr. Lewandowski said.
Over the last few days, Mr. Trump has appeared to acknowledge that he needs to work at getting better press. At the lunch with the network anchors, Mr. Trump again used a low grade to describe the White House messaging. But this time, according to two people present, he added, “That’s on me.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In the Obama administration’s last days, some White House officials scrambled to spread information about Russian efforts to undermine the presidential election — and about possible contacts between associates of President-elect Donald J. Trump and Russians — across the government. Former American officials say they had two aims: to ensure that such meddling isn’t duplicated in future American or European elections, and to leave a clear trail of intelligence for government investigators.
American allies, including the British and the Dutch, had provided information describing meetings in European cities between Russian officials — and others close to Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin — and associates of President-elect Trump, according to three former American officials who requested anonymity in discussing classified intelligence.
Separately, American intelligence agencies had intercepted communications of Russian officials, some of them within the Kremlin, discussing contacts with Trump associates.
The disclosures about the contacts came as new questions were raised about Attorney General Jeff Sessions’s ties to the Russians. According to a former senior American official, he met with the Russian ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak, twice in the past year. The details of the meetings were not clear, but the contact appeared to contradict testimony Mr. Sessions provided Congress during his confirmation hearing in January when he said he “did not have communications with the Russians.”
Mr. Sessions said in a statement late Wednesday that he “never met with any Russian officials to discuss issues of the campaign.”
“I have no idea what this allegation is about,” he said. “It is false.”
Mr. Trump has denied that his campaign had any contact with Russian officials, and at one point he openly suggested that American spy agencies had cooked up intelligence suggesting that the Russian government had tried to meddle in the presidential election. Mr. Trump has accused the Obama administration of hyping the Russia story line as a way to discredit his new administration.
At the Obama White House, Mr. Trump’s statements stoked fears among some that intelligence could be covered up or destroyed — or its sources exposed — once power changed hands. What followed was a push to preserve the intelligence that underscored the deep anxiety with which the White House and American intelligence agencies had come to view the threat from Moscow.
It also reflected the suspicion among many in the Obama White House that the Trump campaign might have colluded with Russia on election email hacks — a suspicion that American officials say has not been confirmed. Former senior Obama administration officials said that none of the efforts were directed by Mr. Obama.
Sean Spicer, the Trump White House spokesman, said, “The only new piece of information that has come to light is that political appointees in the Obama administration have sought to create a false narrative to make an excuse for their own defeat in the election.” He added, “There continues to be no there, there.”
As Inauguration Day approached, Obama White House officials grew convinced that the intelligence was damning and that they needed to ensure that as many people as possible inside government could see it, even if people without security clearances could not. Some officials began asking specific questions at intelligence briefings, knowing the answers would be archived and could be easily unearthed by investigators — including the Senate Intelligence Committee, which in early January announced an inquiry into Russian efforts to influence the election.
At intelligence agencies, there was a push to process as much raw intelligence as possible into analyses, and to keep the reports at a relatively low classification level to ensure as wide a readership as possible across the government — and, in some cases, among European allies. This allowed the upload of as much intelligence as possible to Intellipedia, a secret wiki used by American analysts to share information.
There was also an effort to pass reports and other sensitive materials to Congress. In one instance, the State Department sent a cache of documents marked “secret” to Senator Benjamin Cardin of Maryland days before the Jan. 20 inauguration. The documents, detailing Russian efforts to intervene in elections worldwide, were sent in response to a request from Mr. Cardin, the top Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee, and were shared with Republicans on the panel.
“This situation was serious, as is evident by President Obama’s call for a review — and as is evident by the United States response,” said Eric Schultz, a spokesman for Mr. Obama. “When the intelligence community does that type of comprehensive review, it is standard practice that a significant amount of information would be compiled and documented.”
The opposite happened with the most sensitive intelligence, including the names of sources and the identities of foreigners who were regularly monitored. Officials tightened the already small number of people who could access that information. They knew the information could not be kept from the new president or his top advisers, but wanted to narrow the number of people who might see the information, officials said.
More than a half-dozen current and former officials described various aspects of the effort to preserve and distribute the intelligence, and some said they were speaking to draw attention to the material and ensure proper investigation by Congress. All spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were discussing classified information, nearly all of which remains secret, making an independent public assessment of the competing Obama and Trump administration claims impossible.
The F.B.I. is conducting a wide-ranging counterintelligence investigation into Russia’s meddling in the election, and is examining alleged links between Mr. Trump’s associates and the Russian government. Separately, the House and Senate intelligence committees are conducting their own investigations, though they must rely on information collected by the F.B.I. and intelligence agencies.
On Wednesday, a Justice Department official confirmed that Mr. Sessions had two conversations with Ambassador Kislyak last year, when he was still a senator, despite testifying at his Jan. 10 confirmation hearing that he had no contact with the Russians. At that hearing, Mr. Sessions was asked what he would do if it turned out to be true that anyone affiliated with the Trump team had communicated with the Russian government in the course of the campaign. He said he was “not aware of any of those activities.”
“I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I didn’t have — did not have communications with the Russians, and I’m unable to comment on it,” Mr. Sessions said at the time.
However, Justice officials acknowledged that Mr. Sessions had spoken with Mr. Kislyak twice: once, among a group of ambassadors who approached him at a Heritage Foundation event during the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July and, separately, in an office meeting on Sept. 8. The contacts were first reported by The Washington Post.
Sarah Isgur Flores, Mr. Sessions’s spokeswoman, said “there was absolutely nothing misleading about his answer” because he did not communicate with the ambassador in his capacity as a Trump campaign surrogate. She said Mr. Sessions had at least 25 conversations in 2016 with ambassadors from a range of nations — including Britain, Japan, China, Germany and Russia — while on the Senate Armed Services Committee.
The revelation prompted congressional Democrats to issue a torrent of statements reiterating their demands that Mr. Sessions recuse himself from overseeing any investigation into Russia’s contacts with the Trump campaign. So far, Mr. Sessions has demurred.
Representative Adam B. Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said in a statement on Wednesday that if the reports about Mr. Sessions were accurate, “it is essential that he recuse himself from any role in the investigation of Trump campaign ties to the Russians.” Mr. Schiff added, “This is not even a close call; it is a must.”
Representative Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic leader of the House, called on Mr. Sessions to resign, saying on Twitter that “he is not fit to serve as the top law enforcement officer of our country.”
A White House official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, backed up Mr. Sessions late Wednesday, calling the accusations “the latest attack against the Trump administration by partisan Democrats.”
At a CNN town hall on Wednesday, Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, said he did not know if there was anything between the Trump campaign and the Russians. But he added that if there was, “it is clear to me that Jeff Sessions, who is my dear friend, cannot make this decision about Trump.”
At his confirmation hearing on Wednesday, former Senator Dan Coats, Mr. Trump’s nominee for director of national intelligence, told the Senate Intelligence Committee that “I think it’s our responsibility to provide you access to all that you need.”
Some Obama White House officials had little faith that a Trump administration would make good on such pledges, and the efforts to preserve the intelligence continued until the administration’s final hours. This was partly because intelligence was still being collected and analyzed, but it also reflected the sentiment among many administration officials that they had not recognized the scale of the Russian campaign until it was too late.
The warning signs had been building throughout the summer, but were far from clear. As WikiLeaks was pushing out emails stolen from the Democratic National Committee through online publication, American intelligence began picking up conversations in which Russian officials were discussing contacts with Trump associates, and European allies were starting to pass along information about people close to Mr. Trump meeting with Russians in the Netherlands, Britain and other countries.
But what was going on in the meetings was unclear to the officials, and the intercepted communications did little to clarify matters — the Russians, it appeared, were arguing about how far to go in interfering in the presidential election. What intensified the alarm at the Obama White House was a campaign of cyberattacks on state electoral systems in September, which led the administration to deliver a public accusation against the Russians in October.
But it wasn’t until after the election, and after more intelligence had come in, that the administration began to grasp the scope of the suspected tampering and concluded that one goal of the campaign was to help tip the election in Mr. Trump’s favor. In early December, Mr. Obama ordered the intelligence community to conduct a full assessment of the Russian campaign.
In the weeks before the assessment was released in January, the intelligence community combed through databases for an array of communications and other information — some of which was months old by then — and began producing reports that showed there were contacts during the campaign between Trump associates and Russian officials.
The nature of the contacts remains unknown. Several of Mr. Trump’s associates have done business in Russia, and it is unclear if any of the contacts were related to business dealings.
The New York Times, citing four current and former officials, reported last month that the American authorities had obtained information of repeated contacts between Mr. Trump’s associates and senior Russian intelligence officials. The White House has dismissed the story as false.
Since the Feb. 14 article  appeared, more than a half-dozen officials have confirmed contacts of various kinds between Russians and Trump associates. The label “intelligence official” is not always cleanly applied in Russia, where ex-spies, oligarchs and government officials often report back to the intelligence services and elsewhere in the Kremlin.
Steven L. Hall, the former head of Russia operations at the C.I.A., said that Mr. Putin was surrounded by a cast of characters, and that it was “fair to say that a good number of them come from an intelligence or security background. Once an intel guy, always an intel guy in Russia.”
The concerns about the contacts were cemented by a series of phone calls between Mr.  Kislyak and Michael T. Flynn, who had been poised to become Mr. Trump’s national security adviser. The calls began on Dec. 29, shortly after Mr. Kislyak was summoned to the State Department and informed that, in retaliation for Russian election meddling, the United States was expelling 35 suspected Russian intelligence operatives and imposing other sanctions. Mr. Kislyak was irate and threatened a forceful Russia response, according to people familiar with the exchange.
But a day later, Mr. Putin said his government would not retaliate, prompting a Twitter post from Mr. Trump praising the Russian president — and puzzling Obama White House officials.
On Jan. 2, administration officials learned that Mr. Kislyak — after leaving the State Department meeting — called Mr. Flynn, and that the two talked multiple times in the 36 hours that followed. American intelligence agencies routinely wiretap the phones of Russian diplomats, and transcripts of the calls showed that Mr. Flynn urged the Russians not to respond, saying relations would improve once Mr. Trump was in office, according to multiple current and former officials.
Beyond leaving a trail for investigators, the Obama administration also wanted to help European allies combat a threat that had caught the United States off guard. American intelligence agencies made it clear in the declassified version of the intelligence assessment released in January that they believed Russia intended to use its attacks on the United States as a template for more meddling. “We assess Moscow will apply lessons learned,” the report said, “to future influence efforts worldwide, including against U.S. allies.”



ARTICLE
Blue lives matter. That is, in essence, what Attorney General Jeff Sessions has been saying since he took office, promising to protect the lives of police officers, stop undermining them as (he implied) the Obama administration had, and let them get back to enforcing law and order.
For some in law enforcement, the message has done what it intended to do: mollify, soothe, inspire. With vilification on the street, who needed vilification from the top?
But to others, it is as shrill and jarring as a traffic whistle, threatening to undo years of work toward dismantling policies that led to mass incarceration and the erosion of trust in the police. We asked two experts to weigh in.
In the first camp is Sheriff Michael Bouchard of Oakland County, outside Detroit, who explains the perspective of street-level officers facing hostility and scrutiny by cellphone cameras as they perform a dangerous job. On the other side is Ronal W. Serpas, former chief in Nashville and New Orleans, who counters that not just civilians, but officers themselves, are safer when policing is done more fairly — sometimes at the insistence of the federal government.
Sheriff Bouchard answered questions by phone, and Dr. Serpas by email. Their responses were edited for clarity and length.
Michael Bouchard: I think that police agencies are expecting and capable of handling scrutiny. But I think that the tone and the rhetoric did in fact diminish it. It almost — in many situations — came from a “You’re broken,” adversarial position rather than “You’re a professional, occasionally you’re going to have situations that need rectifying and we want to work together to make sure that happens.”
It’s a very different kind of vantage. I think every police executive that’s worth their salt — and I believe that’s 99.9 percent — believe that if police do something wrong they ought to be held accountable.
Ronal Serpas: To the contrary, the Department of Justice must ensure that the federal Constitution is followed so that all citizens experience constitutional policing as a right. There are about 18,000 police departments in America. Few police agencies have been part of a D.O.J. review since 1994, and even fewer have been party to a consent decree. In those departments, the data suggested it was indeed necessary.
What really makes the job of American policing more difficult is when we fail to realize the police are just one part of an interconnected system of criminal justice (police, prosecution, judiciary, corrections, mental health, drug addiction, etc.
Sheriff Bouchard: I think there’s a great deal of officers on the front line that are much more cautious about doing the job in a proactive way, for fear of negative exposure. I mean, what you want is proactive policing to question situations, to stop cars, to look for something that is on the precipice of being a crime and interrupt it before it happens. When you put a chilling effect on that kind of patrol, you basically become report takers.
It’s the job of the chief to tell their folks, “Look, if you do your job as you’re trained and as I expect, I will stand behind you.” And that’s a difficult thing for a lot of people to feel and understand in this environment — that they would be stood behind. Because use of force captured on a cellphone is not pretty. A street fight is not pretty. That does not make it inappropriate or illegal.
Dr. Serpas: Yes and no. In the case of the Baltimore Police Department it’s been my personal experience, from interviewing nearly 100 officers, that the department has not “pulled back.” In fact, to a person, every officer was clear — they see their job to save lives and make the community safe. “We did not take a knee” was a constant refrain.
In Chicago, the data appears to be the opposite, in that officers have been far less proactive — and that has been a recent development. What the data in Chicago suggests is that there was a sudden and dramatic change in officer activity immediately following the public release of information regarding the tragic death of Laquan McDonald. We will likely need more time and information to understand the factors driving this drop-off.
Sheriff Bouchard: One of our concerns about the dialogue from the past administration about we need to be more involved with the community is the presumption that we weren’t already or didn’t care about it. I have a list of community engagement programs that are as long as my arm.
But some of the engagement also goes back to funding. So for example, in one of the communities where we are policing, at one time they had 200 full-time officers. Now we police that community with about 77. And so at the same time the past administration said, “You need to do more of that,” pointing their finger, they didn’t give me any grants when I applied for that community to do that.
Dr. Serpas: There is no such thing as too much emphasis on community relations and partnerships. Crime reduction necessarily comes from the relationships the police have with the community. Despite the great advances in technology like DNA or ballistics evidence, our criminal justice system must have willing community members who will participate in criminal investigations and prosecutions. Every officer and prosecutor knows this.
Sheriff Bouchard: Civil rights investigations are routinely undertaken by the Department of Justice, and we’re not suggesting that they stop, but the broad-brush approach that “virtually every department is broken” has been a frustrating dialogue.
Clearly there’s some videos that we’ve all seen that are obviously out of bounds. But there are some videos that don’t lend themselves to context or totality of circumstance. So rushing to a decision based on that often incites problems, and not calms tensions. So the first thing ought to be a calming moment, saying: “Look, we don’t know all the facts and circumstances. We’re going to find out. And if there was wrongdoing, people will be held accountable.”
Dr. Serpas: Each of us demands that if a friend or family member encounters a police officer they will be treated fairly and with dignity. If not, then we expect the local police or political leaders to rectify the situation. But we all know this may not be the case in every local government. It is our federal Constitution that establishes what the requirements of policing are in this nation.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Senate does not usually get a chance to vote on who serves as the president’s national security adviser, but it will have a rare opportunity to weigh in next week when it considers the appointment of Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster.
Because General McMaster is still on active duty, and the Senate votes on any major change in assignment for general officers, it will take up the matter on Tuesday. The Senate Armed Services Committee will hold a closed-door executive session, at which General McMaster will appear, before the panel votes on his appointment and sends it to the Senate floor.
Such a procedure was not necessary for former officers who have served as national security advisers, including Michael T. Flynn, a retired three-star general who held the job for 24 days before President Trump forced his resignation over a call with Russia’s ambassador. The last time an active-duty officer served as national security adviser was during Ronald Reagan’s second term, when Colin L. Powell, then a three-star general, ran the National Security Council.
Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona and chairman of the Armed Services Committee, crafted the process for General McMaster to mirror how the Senate handled Mr. Powell’s appointment, and negotiated it with the committee’s Democrats. General McMaster has earned bipartisan praise. But by holding the hearing behind closed doors, the committee may head off a public grilling about Mr. Trump’s foreign policy choices.



ARTICLE
Tornadoes lashed the Midwest on Tuesday, killing at least three people and leaving a trail of splintered homes, razed businesses and power losses. The severe weather extended into Wednesday, and forecasters said the Mid-Atlantic and Deep South were also at risk for dangerous conditions.
The authorities in Illinois said at least two people had died in the state, and Missouri officials reported one fatality after a frightening stretch of storms barreled through the region. A handful of homes were destroyed in Perryville, Mo., where one person died, and the Missouri Department of Public Safety said that some travelers along Interstate 55 had been affected.
The National Weather Service said it was sending teams to survey storm damage, and the American Red Cross was opening shelters in the region, where officials reported dozens of injuries.
The Weather Service warned that Kentucky, Tennessee and Virginia were most likely to endure severe storms on Wednesday, though forecasters also said there was an “enhanced” risk for severe weather in parts of Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia.
“Damaging winds are the primary severe threat,” the Weather Service said, “though a few tornadoes and hail will be possible, especially west of the Appalachians.”



ARTICLE
ST. LOUIS — Juan Carlos Hernandez Pacheco, whose small Illinois town rallied around him when he was arrested last month for being in this country without immigration papers, left a detention center here on Wednesday afternoon after posting a $3,000 bond.
An immigration judge granted his release only hours before, during a hearing in Kansas City, Mo., noting that he had received a surprising array of supportive letters about Mr. Hernandez from leaders in West Frankfort, Ill., including the county prosecutor, deputy chief of police and a retired member of the Illinois State Police.
“You don’t typically see this kind of documentation,” the immigration judge, Justin W. Howard, said, adding that he had given “particular weight” to the backing from law enforcement officials.
In a phone call late Wednesday, during a two-hour ride from the detention center to his home in West Frankfort, Mr. Hernandez said he was relieved, tired and grateful.
The ride was in a vehicle lent by a West Frankfort car dealer. Donations had come in to help with the bond.
“I’m amazed by the support I’ve gotten — amazed,” said Mr. Hernandez, 38, who is the longtime manager of La Fiesta, a restaurant in West Frankfort.
Mr. Hernandez’s case — and the way his Southern Illinois region, which voted overwhelmingly for Donald J. Trump, rallied to his side — has drawn a flood of attention, particularly on social media.
Some call him a symbol of the many undocumented immigrants who are threatened by the Trump administration’s promised crackdown but who have contributed to their communities.
Others have questioned the support from West Frankfort’s mostly white residents, given their backing of Mr. Trump and the plight of a far larger universe of undocumented immigrants — beyond Mr. Hernandez.
Still others say Mr. Hernandez, lauded for his charitable efforts and for taking part in civic groups in West Frankfort, broke the law and should be deported.
Though he is out on bond, Mr. Hernandez faces the threat of deportation. Friends say that Mr. Hernandez entered the country from Mexico without permission in the 1990s, and that he applied for legal status but those efforts stalled somewhere along the way.
Government lawyers, who opposed releasing him on bond on Wednesday, noted that he had two convictions for drunken driving in 2007. The government asked the judge to reserve its right to appeal the bond decision.
“More than anything, I’m nervous about how everything’s going to play out,” Mr. Hernandez said.
He appeared at his hearing in Kansas City by video conference from the St. Louis detention center. He said little and was asked few questions.
He had been in custody since Feb. 9, when immigration agents arrested him near the restaurant. He gave his lawyer, Victor Arana, a thumbs up into the video camera upon hearing the news that he would be able to post a bond.
Mr. Arana told the judge that he intended to pursue Mr. Hernandez’s earlier efforts — apparently many years old — to gain legal status.
Mr. Hernandez’s wife got her citizenship late last year, and their three sons are citizens, the lawyer said.
Mr. Hernandez declined to talk about the particulars of his case since it is still open. But he said he was not upset that residents in his region had largely supported Mr. Trump despite his hard stance on immigration.
Most people in town, he said, probably did not know that he was undocumented. Besides, he said, “in this case, I don’t think it was much about immigration. It was more about energy. It is a coal miner town.”
“I’m actually happy that they exercise their right to vote,” he said. “That’s what democracy should be.”



ARTICLE
The child’s birthday party was going strong in Douglasville, Ga., during the summer of 2015 when the convoy of men and women waving Confederate battle flags drove up. The partygoers, most of them black, were grilling and celebrating. Then the people in the pickups pulled out a shotgun, prosecutors said later at trial.
“Members of the group pulled out a shotgun and pointed it at the victims,” District Attorney Brian Fortner said in a statement. “They used racial slurs and threatened to kill some of the partygoers. They even threatened to kill children at the party.”
Mr. Fortner added, “This is behavior that even supporters of the Confederate battle flag can agree is criminal and shouldn’t be allowed.”
This week, Judge William McClain of Douglas County Superior Court sentenced one of the men and a woman among the group to lengthy prison sentences for their part in the confrontation. He said, “Their actions were motivated by racial hatred,” according to  The Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
The couple, Jose I. Torres, 26, and Kayla Rae Norton, 25, were each found guilty last month of making terroristic threats and of violating Georgia’s street gang law; Mr. Torres was also found guilty of aggravated assault.
Norman Barnett, an assistant district attorney, said in a telephone interview on Wednesday that Mr. Torres received a sentence of 20 years: 13 to be spent in prison and the remainder on supervised probation. Ms. Norton got 15 years: six in prison and the rest on probation.
Mr. Torres and Ms. Norton, who have three children together but are not married, wept at the sentencing hearing, according to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. Ms. Norton told some of the victims that she accepted responsibility.
“What happened to you is absolutely awful,” she said. “From mother to mother, I cannot imagine having to explain what that word means.”
The authorities did not identify the family who held the party. But Hyesha Bryant, 34, who attended the party and was at the sentencing hearing, was quoted by news reports as telling the defendants in court:
“I never thought this would be something I’d have to endure in 2017. As adults and parents, we have to instill in our children the values of right and wrong. That moment you had to choose to leave, you stayed.”
The authorities said Ms. Norton, Mr. Torres and other members of a group called Respect the Flag were driving around Paulding and another county, flying the Confederate flag, pointing guns at black residents and threatening to kill them.
On the afternoon of July 25, 2015, according to the district attorney’s statement on Monday, the group drove past the party in Douglasville, a city of about 30,000 residents 22 miles west of Atlanta, and threatened the people there. A cellphone video shows several white men driving away in a convoy of pickups with the Confederate battle flag, the American flag and other banners fluttering from the truck beds.
People at the party called 911, and the Douglasville police went to the scene, but made no immediate arrests. The police said in an email on Wednesday that the investigation took more than a month, because of the “volatile and chaotic” situation at the party and “because of the seriousness of this case to our community, we wanted to get this case right the first time.”
Law enforcement officials later investigated the social media accounts of the members of the group and found posts suggesting they were “white supremacists who discussed attending K.K.K. rallies, joining Skinheads Nation and making numerous derogatory remarks about African-Americans as a whole,” according to the district attorney’s statement.
Ms. Norton tried to “cover up her actions of retrieving the shotgun from Torres’ truck, loading it and giving it to him to take up to the confrontation,” the statement said.
In October 2015, Mr. Fortner announced indictments against Mr. Torres, Ms. Norton and 13 others. As The Times reported, applying charges related to the state’s anti-street-gang law was an unusual legal maneuver, and legal experts said they could not recall other instances in which a similar statute had been used to prosecute a Confederate heritage group in the Deep South.
A superseding indictment last April added aggravated assault charges against four people: Mr. Torres, Ms. Norton and two others. Ms. Norton was found not guilty of aggravated assault.
The two others entered guilty pleas and were sentenced to two-year and four-year prison sentences, Mr. Barnett said. As for the rest of the group, he added, “some pled out to lesser charges.”



ARTICLE
President Trump’s address to Congress on Tuesday was more tempered in tone and less laden with inaccuracies than many of his previous remarks. Until he went off script.
Unlike his freewheeling news conferences and rallies, Mr. Trump’s prepared text contained few outright falsehoods. But when he talked up his own achievements in NATO negotiations and military spending, his claims were at times exaggerated and misleading.
Here’s an assessment of some of them.
This is exaggerated. Mr. Trump’s proposal to add $54 billion to the Pentagon’s budget amounts to a 10 percent increase, a significant but not historic rise.
Todd Harrison, the director for defense budget analysis at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, posted this chart on Twitter, showing at least 10 higher increases since the 1977 fiscal year and four since 2002.
And this calculus does not take into account Overseas Contingency Operations, a separate bucket of money used to fund wars. Factoring in war spending, Mr. Trump’s claim is even less credible.
Richard Kogan, a federal budget expert at the left-leaning Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, calculated 27 years since 1940 in which total military spending was as high or higher than Mr. Trump’s proposed increase. Even taking into account major and minor wars, military spending increased by 10 to 15 percent every year but one from 1975 to 1985.
“Outside major and minor wars, it’s still not true,” Kogan said. “As a percent of G.D.P., there have been roughly 35 years — half the time — when the increase has been as large or larger than what Trump is calling for.”
Partly true. NATO funding is split between direct contributions (financing overhead expenditures) and indirect contributions (financing operations).
How much each of NATO’s 28 member nations contributes to the alliance’s direct spending is proportional to G.D.P. The United States has the largest national income and contributes the most to NATO, at about 22 percent, but the other member nations all pay their bills.
Under NATO guidelines, members agreed to commit a minimum of 2 percent of G.D.P. on the alliance’s defense efforts, but few nations actually do so. The United States does fund a disproportionate amount of indirect spending, 72 percent, characterized by NATO as an “overreliance.”
This is misleading. Mr. Trump appeared to have ad-libbed this claim, which did not appear in the speech text the White House released. NATO members agreed that nations currently not meeting the 2 percent of G.D.P. bar would so in the next decade, and that nations meeting it would continue to do so — but they did so in September 2014, nine months before Mr. Trump announced his candidacy.
“And the reason for this is not Donald Trump — it’s Vladimir Putin, Russia’s actions in Crimea and aggressive stance,” said Ivo H. Daalder, a NATO ambassador under President Barack Obama.
While Mr. Trump’s statements criticizing NATO members are helpful, every president since Harry Truman has asked the Europeans to contribute more, Mr. Daalder added.
And money is not “pouring in.” Member nations have essentially halted cuts in their military spending, slowly reversing a downward trend.
This needs context. Top military officers have raised questions about the readiness of today’s Army, with exhausted troops and depleted supplies. The military budget did shrink slightly during the Obama administration as the United States pulled out of combat operations, and because of the budget restrictions imposed by Congress known as sequestration.
Still, the United States spends more money on the military than the next seven countries combined do. Mr. Trump and White House officials have pointed to a smaller Navy to bolster their claims of a weakened military. While today’s fleet size is the smallest since 1916, the ships are much more capable. And the United States has more aircraft carriers than any other nation in the world.
This needs context. From 2000 to 2014, the United States spent about $1.6 trillion on the wars, according to the Congressional Research Service. Mr. Trump’s $6 trillion figure also encompasses the cost of nation-building and future spending on veterans health care and disability, which he has vowed to improve.
The American Society of Civil Engineers gave the country’s infrastructure a D+ in its latest report and estimated it would cost $3.6 trillion to repair.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Wednesday gave Virginia Democrats a fresh chance to challenge parts of the legislative map for the state’s House of Delegates.
The decision tried to bring some clarity to the tangled question of what role race can play in drawing voting districts. But the Supreme Court decided very little, leaving it to the trial court to apply a slightly refined definition of racial gerrymandering.
“The upshot of all of this is that not much has changed with these cases,” Richard L. Hasen, a law professor at the University of California, Irvine, wrote in a blog post. “The fight will be over the details and application to particular cases.”
Marc E. Elias, a lawyer for the challengers in the case, disagreed, calling the decision a “major victory” that will help Democrats.
The case, Bethune-Hill v. Virginia State Board of Elections, No. 15-680, concerned a dozen voting districts drawn after the 2010 census, each with at least a 55 percent population of black residents of voting age.
The Supreme Court has said race cannot be the predominant reason in creating legislative districts.
In 2015, a divided three-judge panel of Federal District Court in Richmond, Va., upheld 11 of the challenged districts because, it said, race had not been the primary factor in drawing them. Since the districts could be justified under traditional redistricting criteria like compactness, contiguity, incumbency protection and political considerations, the court said, race could not have been the predominant reason for drawing them.
That was the wrong approach, Justice Anthony M. Kennedy wrote for the majority. “The racial predominance inquiry concerns the actual considerations that provided the essential basis for the lines drawn,” he wrote, “not post hoc justifications the legislature in theory could have used but in reality did not.”
Justice Kennedy noted that the case had some curious features.
The challenged map was enacted, he wrote, “with broad support from both parties and members of the Black Caucus.” Only years later, he said, did voters file a lawsuit asserting a violation of the Constitution’s equal protection principles, saying that lawmakers had packed too many black voters into the districts.
In assessing those challenges, Justice Kennedy wrote, the trial court identified “no fewer than 11 race neutral redistricting factors.” He called that kind of analysis too malleable.
“By deploying those factors in various combinations and permutations, a state could construct a plethora of potential maps that look consistent with traditional, race-neutral principles,” Justice Kennedy wrote. “But if race for its own sake is the overriding reason for choosing one map over others, race still may predominate.”
Justice Kennedy did not say the challengers would win under his less rigid standard. “The district court,” he wrote, “is best positioned to determine in the first instance the extent to which, under the proper standard, race directed the shape of these 11 districts.”
The Supreme Court affirmed one part of the trial court’s ruling, concerning a single district, which the trial court had upheld even after finding that race played the dominant role in drawing it. The trial court said the district was justified by an attempt to comply with the Voting Rights Act, which forbade the reduction of minority voters’ ability to elect candidates of their choice.
Justice Kennedy endorsed that reasoning. “The record here supports the legislature’s conclusion that this was one instance where” the 55 percent target “was necessary for black voters to have a functional working majority,” he wrote.
Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen G. Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan joined all of Justice Kennedy’s opinion.
Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. largely agreed with the majority, though he said he would subject the 11 districts to a demanding level of scrutiny.
In a partial dissent, Justice Clarence Thomas elaborated on Justice Alito’s point and said the court should have struck down the lone district it upheld. “Despite my sympathy for the state,” he wrote, “I cannot ignore the Constitution’s clear prohibition on state-sponsored race discrimination.”



ARTICLE
WHITEFISH, Mont. — As a child in this town at the edge of the Continental Divide, Ryan Zinke cut his own trails through alpine forest, swam laps in Whitefish Lake and hiked the snow-packed paths of nearby Glacier National Park.
Later, as an Eagle Scout, he traced how railroad oil spilled into the Whitefish River and watched as a single spark set that waterway on fire. “The project,” he wrote in his 2016 book, “promoted a lifetime of conservation values.”
President Trump has tapped Mr. Zinke, 55, a House member and fifth-generation Montanan who grew up in this timber-and-tourism community, to be secretary of the interior. He was confirmed by the Senate on Wednesday by a vote of 68 to 31.
The position puts Mr. Zinke in control of 500 million acres of United States land — roughly a fifth of the nation — and charged with balancing the department’s contradictory duties of conserving land and mining it for resources at a time of intense pressure from energy producers, environmental activists, state lawmakers and his own boss, who made fossil fuel jobs a crucial part of his campaign platform.
Mr. Zinke’s portfolio includes not only the country’s 59 national parks but also millions of acres rich in coal, oil, timber and natural gas, as well as the management of land and services for 567 native tribes.
Here in the West, where officials like to say the interior secretary’s power is second only to that of the president, many are training a careful eye on Mr. Zinke’s past, searching for clues to how he will chart their future. While he has cast himself in an uncommon role — a conservative conservationist — his critics say he is less of a friend to the environment than he would like to think.
“I want to be optimistic, because he’s a Westerner,” said Chris Schustrom, 49, a Whitefish resident who was the ball boy for Mr. Zinke’s 1979 state championship football team and is now Montana chairman of the nonprofit conservation group Trout Unlimited.
“Ryan, he’s always called himself a Teddy Roosevelt Republican,” Mr. Schustrom said. “But his record has been inconsistent.”
Westerners angered by land restrictions are hoping that Mr. Zinke will help them peel back Washington’s grip on public acres. For miners, ranchers and politicians in resource-rich regions, the Obama years were a rough ride. President Barack Obama blocked new coal leases, imposed moratoriums on uranium drilling near the Grand Canyon and set aside 553 million acres for national monuments, more than any other president.
“I could not be more thrilled that Donald Trump selected him,” said Representative Jason Chaffetz, Republican of Utah, who has tried to transfer millions of acres of public lands out of federal control.
Mr. Chaffetz cited a stop he had made the day before in Emery County, Utah. “We talked about: ‘The war on coal is over. We’ve got friendlier, greener pastures ahead of us.’ And there is a great deal of optimism and smiles on people’s faces that we haven’t seen in years.”
Mr. Zinke (pronounced ZINK-ee) spent his childhood fishing cutthroat trout from Good Creek with his stepfather, John Petersen, and hitching joy rides on train car ladders, a habit he called “hooky bobbing.” His high school voted him class president three times, and he guided the Whitefish Bulldogs football team through an undefeated season during his senior year. At the time, Whitefish was still a one-stoplight town.
It was in Whitefish and as a Boy Scout, he has recounted, that he developed his admiration for Roosevelt, who put aside 234 million acres of protected land, saving redwoods and ancient rock formations even as detractors harped that the president imperiled states’ rights and hampered economic growth.
“I am an unapologetic admirer of Teddy Roosevelt,” Mr. Zinke said at a January nomination hearing before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, where he evoked Roosevelt on 10 occasions. “I fully recognize and appreciate there are lands that deserve special recognition and are better managed under the John Muir model of wilderness, where man has a light touch and is an observer.”
After college, at the University of Oregon, Mr. Zinke joined the Navy SEALs, serving for 23 years and solidifying a disdain for leaders he called “desk jockeys” who directed policies from Washington offices. In his 2016 book, “American Commander,” he wrote that front-line fighters were the ones best equipped to make decisions about everything from the battlefield to land management.
Mr. Zinke entered politics in 2009, serving two terms in the Montana Legislature, and became the state’s at-large representative in the United States House of Representatives in 2015. He splits time between Washington, Whitefish and Santa Barbara, Calif., the hometown of his wife, Lola. He has three adult children: Wolfgang, Konrad and Jennifer.
In office, Mr. Zinke has repeatedly said he is against the transfer of federal lands to state hands, bucking Republican colleagues who say Washington controls too many Western acres. In 2016, after federal land transfer was added to the Republican platform, he resigned as a delegate to the party’s national convention.
He has campaigned for more money for the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which uses energy royalties to preserve outdoor space. And in his nomination hearing, he disputed Mr. Trump’s claim that climate change is a hoax. Some hope that means he will focus on the effects of shifting temperatures, which have altered and stressed everything from the crucial Rocky Mountain snowpack to the habitat of a rabbitlike mammal called the pika.
“When my family and I have eaten lunch on Grinnell Glacier, the glacier has receded during lunch,” he said of Glacier National Park, where the number of ice sheets has dropped  to 25 from 150 in 1850. “Climate is changing; man is an influence. I think where there’s debate on it is what that influence is, what we can do about it.”
Mr. Zinke’s critics, however, point to policies they call “far from Rooseveltian.”
He has a 4 percent lifetime score from the League of Conservation Voters, and oil and gas companies have donated nearly $350,000 to his campaigns. He is a strong supporter of coal — “we are not going to power our nation on pixie dust and hope,” he told a local crowd in 2014 — and has pushed to end Mr. Obama’s moratorium on new coal leases.
More recently, he held listening sessions for a bill that would overhaul the Antiquities Act by requiring approval from local residents before a president designates a national monument. Roosevelt signed the 1906 law, and presidents have used it to push through unpopular preservation projects.
And on Jan. 3, Mr. Zinke voted yes on a package that included a rule that would make it easier to transfer public lands out of federal hands.
In some Whitefish circles, that set alarm bells clanging. “It seemed to contravene, to contradict, his stance that public lands are sacrosanct,” said Richard Hildner, 71, the deputy mayor.
As secretary, Mr. Zinke will face several challenges, including a $12.5 billion maintenance backlog at national parks; ecosystems and budgets ravaged by drought and fire; environmental activists invigorated by the highly public protest of the Dakota Access pipeline; tattered relations between Interior Department employees and local communities; and a president whose job promises may hinge on his ability to push fossil fuel projects through the door.
It is expected that Mr. Trump will push the interior secretary to restart drilling off the Alaskan and the Atlantic coasts, which Mr. Obama had blocked through 2022. Mr. Obama made the decision to close off the Atlantic drilling after residents from hundreds of coastal cities and towns, from Richmond, Va. to Charleston, S.C., passed resolutions opposing it.
Opening the waters off tourist towns like Myrtle Beach, S.C., to drilling could reignite protests.
At the same time, Mr. Trump’s 2018 fiscal blueprint calls for a steep 11 percent cut to the Interior Department’s roughly $13 billion annual budget. The White House is expected to push for most cuts to come from the Interior Department’s Fish and Wildlife Service, which designates endangered species. Yet the office has a backlog of more than 500 species of plants and animals that are awaiting a legal determination of protection under the Endangered Species Act.
An early point of contention will be Bears Ears National Monument in Utah, a vast canyon region set aside for protection in late December by Mr. Obama, using the Antiquities Act. Some conservative lawmakers hope that Mr. Zinke will push Mr. Trump to overturn that decision, which they say will hurt the local economy.
But no president has ever undone the wilderness protections designated by a previous president under the act.
“He’s going to be moving into uncharted territory if he does that,” said Eric Washburn, an expert on Interior Department policies at Bracewell, a Washington law firm.
In his testimony before Congress, Mr. Zinke said he would visit Utah and make a recommendation, adding that his general view was that if local lawmakers oppose a monument, “we should defer a lot of that to the state.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Six weeks into unified government, Republican leaders are back to where they were in the Obama years — under fire from conservatives for giving too much ground on major policy issues.
In particular, the party push to undo the health care law while avoiding major disruptions in coverage — a priority reinforced on Tuesday by President Trump in his prime-time address — is encountering major resistance from the right. The determined opposition has thrown the party’s repeal effort into confusion and created uncertainty over what to eliminate and how to pay for any alternative.
Three Republican senators this week said they would vote only for a straightforward repeal of the law despite reluctance to do so on the part of several colleagues worried about cutting off health insurance to their constituents. With Senate Republicans holding only a 52-seat majority, those three alone — Senators Rand Paul of Kentucky, Ted Cruz of Texas and Mike Lee of Utah — could doom a Republican measure opposed by all Democrats. House conservatives are also lining up against emerging repeal-and-replace proposals in numbers that could deny House Republicans the needed votes to deliver on a top priority.
“We are a force to be reckoned with,” declared Mr. Paul, who has orchestrated the coordinated resistance with the ultraconservative House factions.
Conservatives are also showing some unease at sudden indications from Mr. Trump that he might be willing to embrace an immigration overhaul that could lead to legal status for millions of undocumented immigrants. And quick rejection by Republican leaders of many of Mr. Trump’s proposed budget cuts as unachievable is not likely to go down well either.
It wasn’t supposed to be this way with Republicans in control of Congress and the White House for the first time since 2006. They were certain they would now have the muscle to carry out their agenda. But just as Mr. Trump has discovered that revising the health law is “unbelievably complex,” Republicans are finding that being in charge doesn’t mean being on the same page — or even reading the same book.
The developing situation is reminiscent of the challenges faced by John A. Boehner, the former speaker, when he tried to corral recalcitrant conservatives to vote for compromise spending and immigration packages. His inability to do so helped break up a major spending deal, caused a government shutdown and ultimately ended up with the conservatives forcing him out.
Despite his retirement, Mr. Boehner might have helped fuel this latest revolt. Representative Jim Jordan, an Ohio Republican and leader of House conservatives who clashed repeatedly with Mr. Boehner, noted caustically on Tuesday that the former speaker is now predicting that Republicans won’t be able to kill the law, and Mr. Jordan seemed eager to prove him wrong.
“This is what we told the voters we were going to do,” he said of the straightforward repeal effort.
Conservatives have become increasingly alarmed at discussion of what they deride as “Obamacare Lite” — efforts to keep some of the provisions in place and “repair” the health law rather than kill it outright. They complain that an approach backed by some House health policy writers would impose new taxes on employer-provided health insurance and interfere in a part of the marketplace that is working. And they don’t favor a tax credit plan that Mr. Trump endorsed in his speech. They back the more market-driven approach that Republicans approved in 2015.
But that legislation was crafted when President Obama was in office and was certain to veto any repeal — giving Republicans what amounted to a free shot at the law. Now they and their constituents would have to live with the replacement, and lawmakers fear a potential backlash if it goes awry. Many Republicans may have complained that the crowds at angry town hall meetings over the recent recess were organized by political opponents, but that doesn’t mean Republicans aren’t paying attention to them.
In the face of that nervousness, Mr. Paul is reminding Republicans that the main reason the party won election victories in 2010, 2014 and now 2016 was the clear promise to end the health care law.
“They didn’t tell us to repeal but to keep the Medicaid expansion,” Mr. Jordan said.
But just as conservatives are adamant that Republicans repeal the law before replacing it, other more centrist Republicans are threatening to withhold their votes if there is no suitable alternative in place. That division is creating a real headache for Republican leaders such as Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin and Senator Mitch McConnell, the majority leader from Kentucky, who have to find something a majority will support.
They say they will eventually reach a solution, but they know they have serious problems at the moment. Mr. McConnell called a special Senate Republican meeting for Wednesday to hear from House committee chairmen on their plans and to try to hash out the sharp internal differences.
“The goal is for the administration, the House and the Senate to be in the same place,” Mr. McConnell said. “We’re not there yet. There’s a lot of discussion about how to craft that, what combination of legislation and regulation will get us to where we want to get.”
That is a far cry from confident pledges that the despised health insurance law would quickly be history once Republicans took power. Now conservatives, sensing backsliding among their colleagues, again want to use their numbers to dictate their desired result. Seems just like old times on Capitol Hill.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — In President Trump’s world, boring is disruptive.
After five-plus weeks of gleefully setting the Washington establishment ablaze and declaring a new war with virtually every public utterance, Mr. Trump took the radical step on Tuesday night of delivering a soothing comfort food of an address to a jittery Congress and skeptical public.
For the first time since his swearing-in in January, Mr. Trump seemed to accept the fetters of formality and tradition that define and dignify the presidency. And while he touched on all of the hard-edge elements of the economic nationalist agenda that has impelled his executive orders and calls for “revolution,” Mr. Trump brandished a blunter rhetorical ax and, for once, delivered on his promise to speak the Reagan Republican dialect of optimism and reconciliation.
Why the sudden shift? Numbers. Mr. Trump’s approval rating is the worst for any new president in recorded history — between 38 and 50 percent at a time when many presidents are in the 60s. Slamming the news media or pro-Obamacare demonstrators energizes his base, but it’s hard to move much higher in the polls without making a less partisan pitch.
The other key statistic spurring his sunshine-and-civility adjustment: $54 billion, the amount of federal funding he hopes to siphon from other departments to increase spending at the Pentagon — a budget proposal that is already half-dead on arrival, judging from its lukewarm reception on Capitol Hill this week. Presidents, even those commanding comfortable majorities in both houses, need to get Congress in line, and the only way to do that is to declare peace.
Here are five takeaways from the most presidential speech Mr. Trump has ever given — delivered at precisely the moment he needed to project sobriety, seriousness of purpose and self-discipline.
The split-screen between Tuesday’s temperate Mr. Trump and the everyday Mr. Trump was striking, to put it mildly.
“The time for trivial fights is over,” said Mr. Trump, a man who spent the first 48 hours of his presidency bickering about the size of the inauguration crowd. While that statement was meant as a challenge to his establishment critics, it also seemed as if he were coaching himself.
All of the previous big-stage speeches delivered by Mr. Trump, from his nomination address in Cleveland last summer to his 16-minute inaugural speech, had a gloomy, mourning-in-America quality. His aides promised a Ronald Reagan-inspired invocation of America’s future in the days leading up to his swearing-in. What he delivered, thanks to his speechwriting team of Stephen Miller and Stephen K. Bannon, was an invocation of “American carnage.”
Since his swearing-in, Mr. Trump roved the airwaves and Twitter, lashing out at anyone who opposed him, and many people who didn’t. In just the past couple of weeks, the president has reiterated his description of some news outlets as “enemies of the American people,” while taking his shots at Paris, Sweden, Hill Democrats, the F.B.I., government leakers, President Barack Obama and his own communications staff, among other targets.
But on Tuesday, the president rolled the dice, and went for nice. In style, if not substance, Mr. Trump delivered an address that nearly any of his Republican primary opponents — whom he once savaged as establishment stooges — might have delivered had they been standing at the rostrum.
“That torch is now in our hands,” Mr. Trump said within the first few minutes of his speech, echoing, if not entirely approaching, the wispy mountaintop oratory of more polished predecessors like Mr. Obama and Mr. Reagan. “And we will use it to light up the world. I am here tonight to deliver a message of unity and strength, and it is a message deeply delivered from my heart.”
Mr. Trump has made immense progress sticking to a script, but Wednesday is a new day, and the presidential Twitter finger gets itchy in the middle of the week. The big question is whether his unifying tone represents the mythical, long-awaited pivot point — or was just part of a well-written speech efficiently delivered by a gifted politician learning his new trade.
Mr. Trump has been criticized for his sluggish response to violence and vandalism against Jews, blacks and Muslims during his presidency. But the opening words of his speech were dedicated to tolerance and inclusion.
“Recent threats targeting Jewish community centers and vandalism of Jewish cemeteries, as well as last week’s shooting in Kansas City,” he said, “remind us that while we may be a nation divided on policies, we are a country that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all of its very ugly forms.”
Again, it’s hard to say if his statement reflected a genuine change of approach. Mr. Trump and some allies have suggested that recent bias-related episodes might be false-flag attempts by his opponents to embarrass him. But his words were welcomed in the House chamber, greeted by some of the most sustained applause of the evening.
The polls have not been especially kind to Mr. Trump lately, but there is one distinct bright spot: 56 percent of voters in a Politico/Morning Consult poll released on Tuesday said that Mr. Trump was following through on his campaign promises.
This is no small matter for a president eager to prove he’s no mere talker. For all its messaging, personnel and operational struggles, Mr. Trump’s team has relentlessly executed a branding strategy aimed at projecting the image of a man of action fighting against gridlocked and corrupt Washington elites. Every day, Mr. Trump appears before the cameras where he is shown doing stuff like signing executive orders or convening panels of business, labor or political leaders.
“It’s been a little over a month since my inauguration, and I want to take this moment to update the nation on the progress I’ve made in keeping those promises,” he said, taking an extended bow for saving jobs at several factories across the country, renegotiating defense contracts, scrapping the Trans-Pacific Partnership, greenlighting two new fuel pipelines and cracking down on illegal immigration and criminal foreigners.
Never mind that Mr. Obama, the man Mr. Trump says left him “a mess” to clean up, had accomplished much more at this point in his term — including the stimulus package and a gender pay-equity law.
For all his newfound civility and message discipline, Mr. Trump cares most about this takeaway — proving he is an effective president at a time when his administration is being portrayed in the media as short-handed, adrift and conflict-ridden.
The president’s speech had admirable length (it clocked in at just over 60 minutes), the requisite number of ovations, about 90, and a succession of punchy pronouncements. What it didn’t have was very much of an explanation on how Mr. Trump plans to govern. There were hardly any details about his proposals on the big-ticket items that will most likely define his first term. That included his Obamacare repeal-and-replace pledge, his plan to overhaul the tax code, the big infrastructure package he’s vowed to ram through, or even his plan to shovel $54 billion into the Defense Department.
Cracking down on illegal immigration is the central pillar of Mr. Trump’s election-winning popularity with white working-class voters, so much so that it was the subject of his most decisive action thus far as president: the bungled rollout of his executive order barring migrants from seven predominantly Muslim nations. But Mr. Trump and his team sent out some seriously mixed messages in the hours leading up to the address.
“We will soon begin the construction of a great, great wall along our southern border,” Mr. Trump declared, to the delight of many Republicans in the hall, who gave him a hearty standing ovation.
But earlier, in a sit-down with some of the country’s leading news anchors, the president seemed to soften his stance considerably, as he has done previously in private, suggesting that legal status be granted to millions of undocumented immigrants who have not committed serious crimes. Immigration hard-liners, led by his attorney general, Jeff Sessions, have long considered such a stance “amnesty.”
Mr. Trump never brought up the topic again — and didn’t touch on his prior reference to legalizing undocumented immigrants — raising questions about what position he’ll stake out in negotiations with Congress.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — On the night of President Trump’s first address to a joint session of Congress, it was not a policy proposal or rhetorical flourish that broke through partisan rancor, but a widowed mother of three fighting through sobs.
Carryn Owens, the wife of Chief Petty Officer William Ryan Owens, a member of the Navy SEALs who was killed during a commando raid authorized by Mr. Trump in January, had been invited to watch the speech from the first lady’s box, next to the president’s daughter, Ivanka. For a little more than two minutes, as Mr. Trump pressed his case to build up the American military, Ms. Owens became the image of American bravery that the president had hoped his words would invoke.
“Ryan died as he lived, a warrior and a hero, battling against terrorism and securing our nation,” Mr. Trump said, looking toward Ms. Owens.
Dressed simply in black, Ms. Owens looked upward and repeatedly mouthed the words “I love you,” as a full House chamber rose to applaud in rare bipartisan unity.
Within minutes, the image began ricocheting across social media and in doing so, deflected attention over the raid from the growing criticism that has dogged its aftermath to the face of grief.
Military and White House officials have maintained the raid was successful. But the death of Chief Owens on Jan. 29 came amid a chain of errors and misjudgments that resulted in a 50-minute firefight with Qaeda militants in Yemen. Three other Americans were wounded along the way, as well as several Yemeni civilians. A $75 million aircraft was also deliberately destroyed.
As a clearer picture of the episode has emerged in the weeks since, so have questions about what went wrong and why.
Chief Owens’s father, William Owens, has been among the most vocal in his criticism and refused to meet with Mr. Trump the day his son’s body was returned to the United States. He has subsequently called for a government investigation of the episode and warned, “Don’t hide behind my son’s death to prevent an investigation.”
“Why at this time did there have to be this stupid mission when it wasn’t even barely a week into his administration?” Mr. Owens said in an interview published on Feb. 26 in The Miami Herald, recalling his reaction to news of his son’s death. “Why?”
Mr. Trump, the commander in chief, has repeatedly sought to place blame elsewhere. Asked about Mr. Owens’s criticism, in an interview broadcast earlier Tuesday with “Fox & Friends,” he said the responsibility for the decision to go forward with the raid rested with his generals.
“This was a mission that was started before I got here,” he said. “This was something they wanted to do,” referring to “the generals.”
“And they lost Ryan,” he said.
As his remarks were broadcast across the country, Mr. Trump avoided such questions inside the Capitol on Tuesday while he sought to assure Ms. Owens that her husband’s death had not been in vain. He also seemed to keep its ownership with his defense secretary, Jim Mattis.
“I just spoke to General Mattis, who reconfirmed that, and I quote, ‘Ryan was a part of a highly successful raid that generated large amounts of vital intelligence that will lead to many more victories in the future against our enemies,’” Mr. Trump said.
“Ryan’s legacy,” he added, “is etched into eternity.”
Mr. Trump then addressed Ms. Owens directly.
“And Ryan is looking down right now. You know that,” Mr. Trump told her. In what seemed to be a reference to the length of applause that erupted as he spoke to Ms. Owens, the president said: “And he’s very happy, because I think he just broke a record.”



ARTICLE
In responding to President Trump’s address to Congress on Tuesday, Democrats had to navigate between the expectations of their angry base in America’s cities and the need to appeal to a broader array of voters in parts of the country where the president is far more popular.
The party handed that task to former Gov. Steven L. Beshear of Kentucky, an emblem of the sort of largely rural state that Democrats lost in last year’s presidential election. Delivering the party’s official response, Mr. Beshear, dressed in khakis and a blue shirt, sat in a Lexington diner and offered down-home references to Friday night football, Sunday morning worship and life as a preacher’s kid.
Mr. Beshear noted that the Americans who had gained health insurance under the Affordable Care Act, a law he championed in his state, were the sort of “friends and neighbors” he surrounded himself with in the diner.
Before the law was passed, “they woke up every morning and went to work, just hoping and praying they wouldn’t get sick,” he said. “Because they knew they were just one bad diagnosis away from bankruptcy.”
Now, he vowed, “Democrats are going to do everything in our power to keep President Trump and the Republican Congress from reneging on that commitment.”
The decision by the congressional Democratic leadership to invite Mr. Beshear, 72, who has been out of office for more than a year, was a departure from tradition for the opposition party, which usually chooses a rising star to offer the televised response to the president’s speech.
But Democratic leaders are determined to make health care — particularly Medicare and the Affordable Care Act — the centerpiece of their attacks against Republicans leading into next year’s midterm elections. And as Mr. Beshear alluded to, he has a compelling story to tell about the effect of the health law in a conservative-leaning state.
But congressional Democrats are struggling to keep a tight grip on their most impassioned voices, just as Republicans did with the rise of the Tea Party in opposition to President Barack Obama.
So while Mr. Beshear devoted a substantial portion of his remarks to health care, he also turned away from his easygoing tone with strongly worded remarks on immigrants and refugees that he may have avoided were he facing re-election.
“President Trump has all but declared war on refugees and immigrants,” he said, adding, “We can protect America without abandoning our principles and our moral obligation to help those fleeing war and terror without tearing families apart.”
And Mr. Beshear castigated Mr. Trump over the president’s incendiary rhetoric.
“When the president attacks the loyalty and credibility of our intelligence agencies, the court system, the military, the free press, individual Americans simply because he doesn’t like what they say, he’s eroding our democracy,” he said. “And that’s reckless.”
The former governor was not the only prominent voice on the left responding to the president’s address to Congress. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who has perhaps the most intense following of any currently serving liberal, delivered a rejoinder via Facebook Live.
“The Republicans are now on the defensive, and we have to continue to push them back,” Mr. Sanders said, invoking issues such as climate change and mass incarceration, which Mr. Trump made no mention of but are particularly important to many liberals.
And Astrid Silva, an immigration activist who came to America as an undocumented immigrant, delivered the first ever Spanish-language response to such a presidential address, saying, “Immigrants and refugees are the heart and soul, and the promise, of this country.”
Mr. Sanders, a political independent, has been made a member of the Senate Democratic leadership, so his remarks were not of the same renegade nature as those delivered in 2011 by Michele Bachmann, a Minnesota congresswoman at the time, who offered a Tea Party-flavored speech after Mr. Obama’s State of the Union address. The Republicans’ official response that year was delivered by Representative Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin.
Still, many rank-and-file Democrats, and some elected officials, believe Mr. Trump was illegitimately elected and are focused more on how to quickly expel him from office than on promoting a poll-tested message against him and other Republicans on health care.
Representative Maxine Waters, the veteran California Democrat, said the demands from liberal voters were growing only more intense.
“Even though many of my Democratic colleagues are not ready to talk about impeachment, in the grass roots I’m hearing a lot about impeachment — and treason,” said Ms. Waters, who boycotted Mr. Trump’s speech, adding that she shared their desire to drive him from the presidency.
“I believe he can be found guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors, with the interaction and the collusion that is taking place with Russia and the Kremlin,” she said. “And I’m going to keep on it, and I think I’m going to be proven to be right.”
Beyond Ms. Waters’s absence, there were other signs of quiet protest that illustrated how uneasy Democrats are with a historically unpopular new president. Many of the female Democratic lawmakers in the audience were clad in white to honor the women’s suffrage movement.
And some of the House Democrats known in the past to stage an endurance test to be seen on camera shaking the hand of the president bypassed the rite, leaving mostly Republicans to greet Mr. Trump when he walked down the center aisle to deliver his speech.
After his remarks, among the few Democrats to greet the president was a grinning Senator Joe Manchin III of West Virginia, perhaps the most conservative member of his party in Congress.
Representative Joe Crowley of New York, the chairman of the House Democratic Caucus, was less pleased.
“We don’t agree with much of anything he said tonight,” he said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — More jobs and economic growth. Less crime and poverty. New roads and bridges. “A nation of miracles.”
President Trump on Tuesday night offered a sweeping vision of the many ways in which he plans to improve the United States, but he said little about his plans for achieving those ambitious goals.
Mr. Trump once again promised to transform America’s trading relationships with foreign countries, toward a goal of “fair trade.”
But Mr. Trump did not explain how his administration would pursue that goal. One month into his presidency, he has pulled out of a trade deal negotiated by the Obama administration, but he has not taken any formal steps toward renegotiating existing deals nor making new ones.
Mr. Trump also reiterated his desire for major changes in the tax code that would cut corporate taxation and provide “massive tax relief for the middle class.”
But the president did not describe what changes he would like to see. Instead of a plan, Mr. Trump on Tuesday articulated a general principle: “We must create a level playing field for American companies and our workers.”
As part of potential tax legislation, congressional Republicans are discussing a significant overhaul of the way corporate income is counted. Mr. Trump and others in his administration have at times appeared to embrace the idea, known as border adjustment, but there was no endorsement on Tuesday night.
Similarly, Mr. Trump once again proposed a $1 trillion investment in rebuilding the nation’s infrastructure. He described this effort in grand terms. “Crumbling infrastructure will be replaced with new roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and railways, gleaming across our very, very beautiful land,” he said.
But here, too, details were in short supply. Mr. Trump said only that the effort would be financed from a mix of private and public sources, and that it “will be guided by two core principles: Buy American, and hire American.” He also offered one specific example: a requirement that American pipelines be made with American steel.
Mr. Trump’s wide-ranging speech touched on many of the problems in American life and promised solutions — but details were in short supply.
He promised to “restart the engine of the American economy.” The American economy is in the midst of one of the longest periods of continuous growth in the nation’s history, though the pace of growth has been tepid.
He promised to stop drugs “from pouring into our country.”
He described the low quality of public education as “the civil rights issue of our time,” and he called for legislation to fund “school choice for disadvantaged youth,” meaning that some students would receive vouchers they could use to pay tuition at private schools. But he did not define which students should get such vouchers, nor what would be done for the students left in public schools.
Mr. Trump did offer specific examples of his commitment to reduce regulation.
He said that he had stopped one of the regulations “that threaten the future and livelihood of our great coal miners,” referring to a rule that restricted the dumping of mining debris in streams. He also noted his executive order requiring federal agencies to offset the cost of each new regulation by eliminating at least two existing rules.
And Mr. Trump called for changes to expedite the approval of new medications, addressing what he described as a “slow and burdensome approval process” that prevents potentially lifesaving drugs from reaching people who are dying.
If regulations are reduced, he said, “our children will grow up in a nation of miracles.”
There is an inherent trade-off between speed and safety in the drug approval process, and the proper balance is the subject of a long-running debate. The government wants to prevent harmful drugs from entering the marketplace, so it sometimes delays the availability of helpful drugs. Mr. Trump did not say how far he thought the balance should be shifted toward greater speed.



ARTICLE
President Trump’s address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday night elicited strong responses, and not a small measure of surprise. The New York Times spoke with a few voters who were watching from either side of the partisan divide. Here are excerpts from their immediate reactions.
Rolando Valdes, 63, in sales and marketing for an international logistics company
Home: Miami
Voted: for Mr. Trump. Thinks he is: becoming a “full-fledged statesman.”
I think it’s the first time he acted presidential, but he has to concentrate on a few items. There are too many things at one time. He will lose the Republican Senate and the House with too many things. With Obamacare and with the tax cuts — that should be enough for the first four years. The best thing I liked is when he said we have to take care of the United States first before we do things for other people. The United States has been trying to be all things to all people. In the meantime, we have left our own people behind.
I am pumped up. I hope he can do it. There is way too much politics in all of this. And this guy, whether we like him or we don’t, he is the only guy who is an outsider, and today he acted like a politician. It’s a good thing, because we need to get these things done.
_____
Susy Ribero-Ayala, 54, criminal defense lawyer
Home: Miami
Voted: against Mr. Trump. Thinks he is: unrealistic and a ball of contradictions.
Who was that unmasked man? I think it sounded great, like a utopia. I don’t think it’s that simple. He’s saying he’s going to do all these wonderful things — cut taxes, raise the defense budget. He talks about a great health care system and covering pre-existing conditions, and also talks about the disaster of Obamacare. And he talks about saving the jobs of the coal miners, but also increasing natural gas production. It’s one or the other. I think it’s oversimplified. I don’t know that he believes what he is saying. It can’t all be true. It’s simplistic and unrealistic.
I did not at all like that there is going to be a victims fund specially for people who are the victims of crime by illegal aliens. Victims of crime are victims of crime no matter how or who. I think that Trump thinks he is a lot greater than he actually is.
_____
Hollie Gaudette, 31, real estate agent
Home: Manchester, N.H.
Voted: for Mr. Trump. Thinks he is: “a problem solver.”
I got goose bumps through a lot of it, but I think the last woman — I can’t recall her name, but who lost her husband just a couple weeks ago — you see her pain, you can see her pain that was probably a very challenging and emotional moment for her to be there. And at that moment, that whole room came together, and there was support from both sides. That was wonderful to see. That’s what we want to see. The reality is that the end-all goal is that everyone comes together to move forward and to make progress and improve the quality of life for Americans across the board.
It doesn’t matter whether you’re left or right, he’s saying, “I’m here for all Americans, it doesn’t matter what color, race, any of that.” Even the whole part about immigration, he’s saying we’re going to have a merit system, and we want everyone and anyone to come here and succeed.
_____
Charles Lovett, 72, retired administrator in the federal Department of Education
Home: Franconia, N.H.
Voted: against Mr. Trump. Thinks he is: “a problem.”
I think it was a pretty good speech for him. He didn’t rage about anything. He didn’t go off message. And so it came across as a coherent speech and it’s intended to be a big-picture agenda. And I think he achieved that. But I think his policies are mistaken in many regards, and I think it comes across in some of the language he used. For example, he said we intend to fight terrorism and win. And there’s an underlying trope or assumption there that one can win militarily, which I don’t think is possible, and I don’t think the military thinks is possible.
He spoke of people that were ignored by the media or silenced by special interests, and then he pulled up a bunch of people whose relations have been killed by immigrant felons, and it was to me, I found it a kind of grotesque mischaracterization of the way the country is. I found the seeming rationality and conventionality of the agenda to be disturbing, because I think the underlying beliefs, which I believe are mistaken, will lead to taking apart things and breaking things — like alliances, like health care — that are easy to take apart but very difficult to put back together.
_____
Sandra Wright, 68, retail merchandiser
Home: Waterloo, Iowa
Voted: for Mr. Trump. Thinks he is: a “total patriot.”
I was very, very impressed with how well he presented himself. I thought he acted and spoke as presidentially as I’ve seen him so far. I was very impressed with what a well-written speech he had. I think it was very authentic. I think the man’s a true patriot for our country. I liked it very much. I particularly liked his closing remarks. And I was able to reinforce my reasons for voting for him.
He didn’t fall into trying to fight back against all the attacks that have been against him and everything. He talked about our country, and he talked about the important issues facing our country. And I think that’s what his job’s all about, and I think he thinks that, too. His job is to represent the U.S. in the world and to protect us and defend us according to our Constitution, and uphold our laws. And I think he’s doing a great job of it, just like I always have. So I loved it.
I particularly liked his remarks — and his statement, his campaign speeches, his promises to us — to preserve our Constitution, to enforce the rule of law as it pertains to illegal immigration, regardless. We have to follow our rules of law in the United States. I’m very impressed with how he realizes that this country is in financial crisis and the only way for us to get back from that is to go back to our American dream times, and work hard and bring manufacturing and those things back to the United States — what this country was built on.
_____
Liza Kate Boisineau, 38, musician and waitress
Home: Richmond, Va.
Voted: against Mr. Trump. Thinks he is: arrogant, smug and stubborn.
I don’t even know where to start. It was really hard to watch. It started out sounding like he cared a bit. It almost felt a little bit hopeful. I was almost impressed. He maintained a calmness and an air of wanting to bring people together. He did talk a lot about the need for peace and how there should be less conflict. I didn’t understand how he could talk so much about that while wanting to increase military funding so much. Then he talked about a wall and buy American and hire American. It just seemed hypocritical.
As soon as he turned to this movement starting in 2016 and him becoming president, that turned me off. It turned me off because that’s just what he’s been spouting for so long now. What is so great about him having been elected? I don’t think he could ever see himself as being wrong, which bothers me.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump on Tuesday offered a muted reaffirmation of his “America First” approach to foreign policy — one rooted in the realities of the complex world he has confronted since taking office, not the uncompromising vision he sketched during the 2016 campaign.
“My job is not to represent the world,” Mr. Trump declared. “My job is to represent the United States of America. But we know that America is better off when there is less conflict, not more.”
The president did not utter the slogan “America First,” which figured so prominently during his campaign and became a symbol of his plans to shred alliances and agreements. He said the United States would work with allies — old and new, including those in the Muslim world — to seek stability and avert future wars. And he offered his most ringing affirmation of NATO, which he had threatened to mothball during the campaign.
“We strongly support NATO, an alliance forged through the bonds of two World Wars that dethroned fascism, and a Cold War that defeated communism,” Mr. Trump declared to thunderous applause.
The president’s first address to Congress came after a turbulent debut on the world stage, when he unnerved allies with erratic statements on diplomatic issues and tempestuous phone calls with foreign leaders. But in many ways, it reflected his administration’s return to convention on several issues: support for allies in Europe and Asia, resistance to Israeli settlement construction in the West Bank, and fidelity to the “One China” policy.
Mr. Trump offered few foreign policy specifics in his speech and sprang no surprises. He said his administration had reaffirmed the “unbreakable alliance” with Israel and imposed sanctions on entities and individuals connected with Iran’s ballistic missile program.
But Mr. Trump did not elaborate on the Iranian threat, which is one of the consuming preoccupations of his national security team. In general, he steered clear of the bellicose language he used on the stump or even that of previous presidents, like George W. Bush, who used a State of the Union address in 2002 to declare an “Axis of Evil.”
“We want peace, wherever peace can be found,” Mr. Trump said. “America is friends today with former enemies. Some of our closest allies, decades ago, fought on the opposite side of these world wars. This history should give us faith in the possibilities for a better world.”
Peering down at Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, who was seated with other members of his cabinet, Mr. Trump noted that he had ordered the military to develop a plan to destroy the Islamic State, which he described as a “network of lawless savages that have slaughtered Muslims and Christians, and men, and women, and children of all beliefs.”
“We will work with our allies, including our friends and allies in the Muslim world, to extinguish this vile enemy from this planet,” he said.
Mr. Trump asserted that the United States had spent $6 trillion in the Middle East — he did not clarify on what, or when — and said that if the United States had spent that amount at home, “we could have rebuilt our country — twice,” maybe even three times, if the nation was run by people who knew how to negotiate deals.
He also repeated his demand that America’s partners in Europe, Asia and the Middle East “pay their fair share” of the cost of strategic and military partnerships around the world. On that score, he claimed some quick results, saying: “I can tell you, the money is pouring in. Very nice.”
Mr. Trump’s only allusion to Russia was indirect, when he said the United States was “willing to find new friends, and forge new partnerships, where shared interests align.”
He made it clear he would shun the foreign entanglements and democracy promotion of Mr. Bush. “America respects the right of all nations to chart their own path,” he said, adding, “We must learn from the mistakes of the past — we have seen the war and destruction that have raged across the world.”
“Our foreign policy calls for a direct, robust and meaningful engagement with the world,” Mr. Trump said. “It is American leadership based on vital security interests we share with allies across the globe.”
Perhaps most surprisingly, Mr. Trump mentioned America’s greatest economic and strategic rival, China, only once in his speech, in the context of lost American jobs since China joined the World Trade Organization. And he did not mention the nuclear threat from North Korea at all. Mr. Trump has complained bitterly that the Chinese are not doing enough to curb the aggressions of the North Korean government.
On Monday, China’s top foreign policy official, Yang Jiechi, visited the White House to meet with the national security adviser, Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, and got a brief greeting from Mr. Trump. On Tuesday, Mr. Yang met with Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson at the State Department amid reports that they were planning Mr. Trump’s first face-to-face meeting with President Xi Jinping of China, possibly later in the spring.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump dangled on Tuesday the prospect of a stunning reversal on immigration, first saying he is open to providing legal status for millions of undocumented immigrants and then declining to directly bring the idea up in his first speech to a joint session of Congress.
Hours before the speech, Mr. Trump told reporters that “the time is right for an immigration bill as long as there is compromise on both sides.” But he made only a glancing reference to that assertion as he faced lawmakers, raising skepticism about whether he is truly shifting away from his aggressive policies toward people who are in the country illegally.
In the short space of a few hours, Mr. Trump veered back and forth on the immigration issue, sparking breaking news reports and incredulous postings on Twitter as he signaled moderation, then used his address to reassert his commitment to deportations, muse about changes to a “merit based” legal immigration system, and express hope for cooperation among the long-warring political parties.
In the speech, Mr. Trump repeated the harsh language that he used on the campaign trail, saying that success will not come to America “in an environment of lawless chaos.”
“We must restore integrity and the rule of law to our borders,” he said.
He also said attracting low-skilled immigrants is contributing to the nation’s problems, and suggested modeling the country’s legal immigration system after Canada and Australia, which attract high-skilled workers.
If the president chooses to embrace an overhaul that lets immigrants live and work in the country, it would represent a remarkable betrayal of many of his core supporters that comes just days after he ordered a crackdown aimed at deporting all undocumented immigrants.
“Real and positive immigration reform is possible,” Mr. Trump said. “If we are guided by the well-being of American citizens, then I believe Republicans and Democrats can work together to achieve an outcome that has eluded our country for decades.”
Mr. Trump won the election by bluntly accusing undocumented immigrants of being “rapists and murderers” and promising to build a “beautiful wall” to keep them out of the United States. At one point during his campaign, Mr. Trump said he would consider a deportation force to swiftly round up 11 million undocumented immigrants.
The president immediately put that harsh campaign-trail language into action from his desk in the Oval Office, calling for the beginning of construction along the southern border and issuing executive orders to accelerate deportations. He also suspended refugee programs and banned travel from countries he deemed to be terrorist threats.
In doing so, Mr. Trump cemented his status as a hero to the conservative right, and a villain among immigration activists and his Democratic adversaries.
Now, with just a few words, he may have flipped that political dynamic on its head. By potentially embracing legal status for millions of undocumented immigrants, Mr. Trump essentially endorsed the policies of former Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush, both of whom tried — and failed — to bring undocumented people out of the shadows by allowing them to live and work without fear of deportation.
During a lunch with reporters before his speech, Mr. Trump even suggested the possibility of citizenship for the so-called Dreamers who were brought to the United States illegally as children — something that Mr. Bush never supported and Mr. Obama fell short of when he delivered immigration executive actions late in his term.
It is unclear why Mr. Trump chose to suddenly contemplate changing direction. Nor is it clear whether the shift will be a lasting one that results in real efforts to build a coalition in Congress behind a comprehensive immigration overhaul that provides what conservatives have long derided as amnesty.
Both Mr. Bush and Mr. Obama tried to do just that, and both failed despite the support of the business community, evangelical Christian groups, police and sheriffs organizations, immigrant rights activists, liberal think tanks, Democratic lawmakers and Latino groups.
To mount a real legislative push, Mr. Trump would have to team up with some of the very coalitions that have spent the past month condemning him as a racist and a bigot. Whether those groups could put aside their dislike of the president is uncertain, at best.
Reaction to the shift on Twitter on Tuesday afternoon was filled with skepticism from longtime advocates for an immigration overhaul that helps people in the country illegally.
“Don’t buy it,” Frank Sharry, a longtime immigration activist in Washington, wrote after word of Mr. Trump’s shift in thinking was first reported. “Trump throwing sand in faces again. 1st, was ‘he’s softening.’ Recently, ‘bad dudes first.’ Neither was true. Nor is this one.”
But even more challenging for Mr. Trump would be dealing with the potential schism that a push for legalization could create between his White House and the conservative voters for whom any compromise on the immigration issue is considered heresy.
Similar uprisings among conservatives nearly destroyed Senator John McCain’s presidential campaign. In his race for the Republican nomination in 2007, Mr. McCain repeatedly faced boos and jeers at campaign events and town-hall-style meetings for supporting Mr. Bush’s legislative overhaul of immigration laws.
Conservative talk radio has also played a key role in trying to demand that Republican politicians oppose all attempts to legalize undocumented immigrants. Its advocacy on the airwaves helped stoke Tea Party activists to kill a similar effort by Mr. Obama in 2013.
Despite that history, Mr. Trump appears to be seriously considering waging the fight over immigration. In his lunchtime discussion, he said he could be open to the idea of a legal status for millions of immigrants if his adversaries were willing to compromise, according to several people who attended the lunch. Mr. Trump did not clarify what he would seek in a compromise.
But to pursue an immigration compromise — something his most ardent supporters reject out of hand — Mr. Trump would have to direct his White House staff to wage a difficult and lengthy fight on Capitol Hill.
Ironically, some of his closest advisers are among the most fiercely opposed to what Mr. Trump has said he now supports.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions was the Senate’s leading opponent of an immigration overhaul and regularly helped defeat any legislative proposal that would give undocumented immigrants the ability to live or work in the country legally. He repeatedly accused the Obama administration of favoring “open borders” and “amnesty.”
Stephen Miller, who worked for Mr. Sessions in the Senate, is now one of the president’s top policy advisers and his chief speechwriter. He, too, is a fiery opponent of making any concessions that would benefit illegal immigrants.
Now, both men are almost certainly trying to talk Mr. Trump out of his latest shift in position. If they succeed, the president may move on to other topics like health care, a tax overhaul and the need to bolster the nation’s aging infrastructure. But if they fail, Mr. Sessions and Mr. Miller might find themselves in the awkward position of having to fight for the very thing they have long worked to avoid: a future in which millions of illegal immigrants wake to find themselves not-so-illegal after all.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump looked out on a chamber divided, turning often to his left, where the cheers sustained him.
Already, the room had heard his ubiquitous pledge to restore bygone American greatness, completing its unlikely journey from trucker hat slogan to presidential tagline before a joint session of Congress.
That much, most Democrats could abide, silently and seated. The president’s follow-up would not fly.
“We have begun to drain the swamp of government corruption,” Mr. Trump said, gazing sternly ahead.
Some Republicans shot to their feet. Democrats began to laugh, loudly enough for a nation to hear.
The president’s first address to Congress — even one often mild in tone, by his standards — was always going to be different. Mr. Trump has that effect.
But the sensation was amplified in a space like this — a staid presidential ritual in an august chamber, commandeered by a Twittering president who seems to prefer an outdoor rally with a crowd chanting his surname.
If Mr. Trump strained to project a presidential air, stifling digressions and generally staying on script, the spectacle also laid bare the simmering tensions that have overtaken an already long-polarized building.
Republicans roared at most every flourish, cheering loudest early on, it seemed, for the first lady, Melania Trump, her black dress sparkling as she waved from the balcony.
Democrats grumbled aloud as Mr. Trump called for the dismantling of the Affordable Care Act. Some turned their thumbs down, like aggrieved movie critics, as he called for bipartisan cooperation in the effort.
Many Democratic women wore white, the color of suffragists, in a signal to Mr. Trump over women’s rights. Some went another way.
“This is the purple caucus!” Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York said before the speech, pointing toward her seatmate, Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, and two others in purple.
At times, even the comedy felt partisan. When Mr. Trump said representatives from Harley-Davidson had encouraged him to ride a motorcycle — “I said, ‘No thanks,’” the president quipped — Democrats were stone-faced. Across the chamber, the joke killed.
As with so many Trump-infused productions, the visuals on Tuesday often said enough, unfurling inside the congressional equivalent of a high school cafeteria.
Sartorial choices doubled as protest, with pins calling for the survival of the health law. Handshakes, or nonhandshakes, were infused with deep meaning. And the choice of seatmates, as ever, held the power to bolster reputations.
Lawmakers sustained the bipartisan tradition of using spare tickets to import human symbols, looking upon Mr. Trump like a mismatched orchestra.
A Syrian refugee. A police officer. An undocumented immigrant. Sean Hannity.
Then there was the president’s guest list, tinged with grief. He invited the father of a teenager killed by an undocumented immigrant, the widows of two officers killed in the line of duty by an undocumented immigrant and the widow of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, among others.
The most thunderous applause came for the widow of William Owens, a Navy SEAL known as Ryan who was killed during a controversial raid in Yemen. She sat next to Mr. Trump’s daughter, Ivanka.
For Mr. Trump’s critics, and even a few supporters, the sight of him in official settings has always proved jarring since his election: Mr. Trump holding forth in the East Room, Mr. Trump behind the presidential seal, Mr. Trump among the newly-gilded drapes of the Oval Office.
The first Trump entrance on Tuesday supplied the latest entry, bringing him down the chamber aisle with a flurry of firm handshakes and decisive nodding.
Some familiar faces were gone. Representative Eliot L. Engel, Democrat of New York, broke nearly three decades of personal tradition by declining to stand on the aisle and shake the president’s hand, finding his way to a middle seat. He cited Mr. Trump’s refusal to work “with all people” as a reason to break his own precedent.
There were eager fill-ins. From his prime perch on the aisle, Representative Louie Gohmert, Republican of Texas, who had invited Mr. Hannity as his guest, applied what appeared to be lip balm moments before the president’s arrival.
Congressional enmity was not a Trump creation, particularly during this annual exercise in seesawing ovations, poorly concealed grimacing and occasional outbursts.
Despite Democrats’ feelings about Mr. Trump’s credibility, there was no full-scale retribution for the “You lie!” moment of 2009, when Representative Joe Wilson, Republican of South Carolina, interrupted President Obama during a speech about health care.
For Republicans, there was a measure of nervous energy coursing through the Capitol on Tuesday, as lawmakers struggle to find their footing on major agenda items like dismantling the Affordable Care Act and await direction from the president. (Reports hours before the speech that the president had signaled an openness to a broad immigration overhaul, a political minefield for Republicans, did not help.)
It is not clear that they heard all they needed to in the address. But the party seemed buoyed, eight years on, to have one of its own at the microphone, applauding early and often.
Only once did Democrats get to their feet more quickly: when Mr. Trump spoke of paid family leave. A few red-state Democrats, like Senators Joe Manchin III of West Virginia and Jon Tester of Montana, perked up during Mr. Trump’s pleas for collaboration. And most of their colleagues stood at Mr. Trump’s call for a “new program of national rebuilding.”
More often, though, the Democratic reviews for Mr. Trump were unkind, occasionally inspiring fits of note scribbling from members. Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey took a moment to check his watch.
And when the president spoke of the “great, great wall” he hoped to build on the border with Mexico, Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the top Democrat in the House, stared blankly, stewing in white.
After just over 60 minutes, the president stepped down to the floor, greeting a slim majority of Supreme Court justices. (Three — Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Clarence Thomas and Samuel A. Alito — were not present.)
Representative Jason Chaffetz of Utah, the chairman of the House Oversight Committee, who has been criticized for going easy on Mr. Trump, waited patiently for a handshake on the aisle.
But for the moment, Mr. Trump sought the embrace of his cabinet, arrayed to his left, cheering him on. The president almost smiled.



ARTICLE
Former Gov. Steve Beshear of Kentucky, a senior Democrat best known for putting the Affordable Care Act into effect in a deeply conservative state, offered the Democratic response to President Trump’s first address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday. The following is a transcript, as prepared by the Federal News Service.
Reporters from The New York Times fact checked the Democrats’ response.
BESHEAR: I’m Steve Beshear. I was governor of Kentucky from 2007 to 2015. Now I’m a private citizen.
I’m here in Lexington, Ky. — some 400 miles from Washington — at a diner with some neighbors — Democrats and Republicans — where we just watched the president’s address. I’m a proud Democrat, but first and foremost, I’m a proud Republican, and Democrat, and mostly American. And like many of you, I am worried about the future of this nation.
Look, I grew up in Kentucky in a small town called Dawson Springs. My dad and granddad were Baptist preachers. My family owned a funeral home. And my wife, Jane, and I have been married for almost 50 years. I became governor at the start of the global recession, and after eight years, we left things a lot better than we found them.
By being fiscally responsible — I even cut my own pay — we balanced our budget and turned deficits into surpluses without raising taxes. We cut our unemployment rate in half. We made huge gains in high school graduation rates. And we found health coverage for over half a million Kentuckians.
We did that through trust and mutual respect. I listened. And I built partnerships with business leaders and with Republicans in our legislature. We put people first and politics second.
The America I love allowed a small-town preacher’s kid to be elected governor, and it taught me to embrace people who are different from me, not vilify them. The America I love has always been about looking forward, not backward, about working together to find solutions, regardless of party, instead of allowing our differences to divide us and hold us back.
And we Democrats are committed to creating the opportunity for every American to succeed by growing our economy with good-paying jobs, educating and training our people to fill those jobs, giving our businesses the freedom to innovate, keeping our country safe, and providing health care that families can afford and rely on.
Mr. President, as a candidate, you promised to be a champion for families struggling to make ends meet, and I hope you live up to that promise. But one of your very first executive orders makes it harder for those families to even afford a mortgage. Then you started rolling back rules that provide oversight of the financial industry and safeguard us against another national economic meltdown. And you picked a cabinet of billionaires and Wall Street insiders who want to eviscerate the protections that most Americans count on and that help level the playing field.
That’s not being our champion. That’s being Wall Street’s champion.
And even more troubling, you and your Republican allies in Congress seem determined to rip affordable health insurance away from millions of Americans who most need it. Does the Affordable Care Act need some repairs? Sure, it does. But so far, every Republican idea to “replace” the Affordable Care Act would reduce the number of Americans covered, despite your promises to the contrary. [Fact check: This is basically true.]
Mr. President, folks here in Kentucky expect you to keep your word. Because this isn’t a game. It’s life and death for people.
These ideas promise “access” to care but deny the importance of making care affordable and effective. They would charge families more for fewer benefits and put the insurance companies back in control. Behind these ideas is the belief that folks at the lower end of the economic ladder just don’t deserve health care, that it’s somehow their fault that their employer doesn’t offer insurance or that they can’t afford to buy expensive health plans.
But just who are these 22 million Americans, including 500,000 people right here in Kentucky, who now have health care that didn’t have it before? Look, they’re not aliens from some distant planet. They’re our friends and our neighbors. [Fact check: Slightly high estimate.]
We sit in the bleachers with them on Friday night. We worship in the pews with them on Sunday morning. They’re farmers, restaurant workers, part-time teachers, nurses’ aides, construction workers and entrepreneurs working at high-tech start-ups. And before the Affordable Care Act, they woke up every morning and went to work, just hoping and praying they wouldn’t get sick, because they knew that they were just one bad diagnosis away from bankruptcy.
You know, in 2010, this country made a commitment, that every American deserved health care they could afford and rely on. And we Democrats are going to do everything in our power to keep President Trump and the Republican Congress from reneging on that commitment. But we’re going to need your help by speaking out.
Another commitment now being tested is to our national security. Look, make no mistake, I’m a military veteran myself, and I know that protecting America is a president’s highest duty. Yet President Trump is ignoring serious threats to our national security from Russia, who’s not our friend, while alienating our allies, who’ve fought with us side by side and are our friends in a dangerous world. His approach makes us less safe and should worry every freedom-loving American.
Instead, President Trump has all but declared war on refugees and immigrants. Look, the president can and should enforce our immigration laws. But we can protect America without abandoning our principles and our moral obligation to help those fleeing war and terror, without tearing families apart, and without needlessly jeopardizing our military men and women fighting overseas. [Fact check: False, unless the laws change.]
You know, another Republican president, Ronald Reagan, once said, “In America, our origins matter less than our destination, and that is what democracy is all about.” President Trump also needs to understand that people may disagree with him from time to time, but that doesn’t make them his enemies. When the president attacks the loyalty and credibility of our intelligence agencies, the court system, the military, the free press, individual Americans, simply because he doesn’t like what they say, he is eroding our democracy. And that’s reckless. [Fact check: Few have been spared.]
Real leaders don’t spread derision and division. Real leaders strengthen, they unify, they partner, and they offer real solutions instead of ultimatums and blame.
Look, I may be old-fashioned, but I still believe that dignity, compassion, honesty and accountability are basic American values. And as a Democrat, I believe that if you work hard, you deserve the opportunity to realize the American dream, regardless of whether you’re a coal miner in Kentucky, a teacher in Rhode Island, an autoworker in Detroit or a software engineer in San Antonio.
Our political system is broken. It’s broken because too many of our leaders think it’s all about them. They need to remember that they work for us and helping us is their work.
Kentucky made real progress while I was governor because we were motivated by one thing: helping families. Democrats are trying to bring that same focus back to Washington, D.C. Americans are a diverse people. And we may disagree on a lot of things, but we’ve always come together when we remember that we are one nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.
Thank you.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The speech was written, the rollout strategy was set. And then President Trump began talking and the plan went out the window. Unless that was the plan all along.
When Mr. Trump sat down with television anchors at the White House for an off-the-record lunch on Tuesday, he was supposed to preview his first address to Congress. Instead, he suddenly opened the door to an immigration bill that would potentially let millions of undocumented immigrants stay in the country legally.
Such legislation from the “build the wall” president would roil politics in the capital, and Mr. Trump told the anchors that nothing like that was actually in the speech as it was then drafted. But he turned to aides and suggested that maybe they should include it. After the lunch was over, aides rushed off to alert their colleagues, including Stephen K. Bannon and Stephen Miller, the architects of the president’s immigration crackdown.
Once again, the unlikeliest of presidents had torn up the script and thrown his young administration into upheaval. Once again, Washington was left trying to fathom what his strategy was. Was it mad genius, an improvisational leader proposing a Nixon-goes-to-China move to overhaul immigration after making a point of deporting “bad hombres”? Or was it simply madness, an undisciplined political amateur unable to resist telling guests what he thinks they want to hear even at the expense of his own political base?
In the end, he did not include it in the speech. And yet, rising to the occasion, Mr. Trump on Tuesday night sounded as presidential as he ever has since taking office. He invoked Abraham Lincoln and Dwight D. Eisenhower, heralded Black History Month, condemned anti-Semitic vandalism, celebrated American entrepreneurs like Alexander Graham Bell and Thomas Edison, and promised a “renewal of the American spirit.” He followed the written text on the teleprompters more closely than any major speech of his presidency.
Still, the paradox remained. He called for working “past the differences of party,” just hours after he called Representative Nancy Pelosi, the House Democratic leader from California, “incompetent.” He declared that “the time for trivial fights is behind us” just weeks after engaging in a public Twitter war with Arnold Schwarzenegger over the ratings for “Celebrity Apprentice.”
And then there was that immigration trial balloon. If nothing else, Donald Trump the showman kept the attention right where he wanted it — squarely on himself. By the time he took the rostrum in the House chamber on Tuesday night for the functional equivalent of a State of the Union address, he had generated considerable suspense around what he would actually say and how it would be received.
He boasted of deporting “gang members, drug dealers and criminals,” saying that “bad ones are going out as I speak.” He introduced guests in the first lady’s box whose families had suffered at the hands of criminals in the country illegally.
But he talked about “reforming our system of legal immigration,” saying as he has before that the United States should base its admission of foreigners on merit. “I believe that real and positive immigration reform is possible as long as we focus on the following goals,” he added, “to improve jobs and wages for Americans, to strengthen our nation’s security and to restore respect for our laws.”
Whether this was all an intentional distraction remained unclear by the time he wrapped up and headed back down Pennsylvania Avenue. This is, after all, a White House that revels in what its current occupants refer to as the “head fake,” where the president gives the impression of moving one way when he is really moving in a completely different direction, even diverting attention from one controversy by creating another.
That leaves allies and adversaries alike scratching their heads about what Mr. Trump really believes. In private discussions since the inauguration, a mystified Senator Mitch McConnell, the Republican majority leader from Kentucky, has said that Mr. Trump appears uncertain of precisely where he stands on a number of critical issues.
Thus, aides, activists, lobbyists and lawmakers search for ways to influence a malleable president, who sometimes plays along with his team’s desire to confuse and distract, but who is also prone to spouting out off-the-cuff ideas depending on his audience.
Mr. Trump’s advisers have said privately that they wanted this opening speech to Congress to be more optimistic than the address he delivered at his inauguration in January, an 18-minute jeremiad against what he called “American carnage” and the establishment he blamed for it. Mr. Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump has privately expressed concern about the harsh tone of some of her father’s rhetoric over many months.
No president in modern times had shown up for his first speech to Congress with approval ratings so low — just 42 percent in the latest Gallup poll. His 40 days of careening from one crisis to another, many of them self-created, had sowed deep doubts about his leadership not only among Democrats and independents but even among many Republicans. His challenge for this address was to move beyond these moments and establish himself as a president.
Immigration has been one area where he was evidently still trying to calibrate. After all, Mr. Trump was not always so strident on the issue. After the 2012 election, he denounced Mitt Romney for supporting what he called “self-deportation,” calling it “a crazy policy” that cost Mr. Romney the Hispanic vote. The Democrats, he said then, did not have a policy “but what they did have going for them is they weren’t meanspirited about it.”
The session with the television anchors started out as a nod to tradition by a president who has broken so many. Like his predecessors on the day of a State of the Union address, Mr. Trump hosted the journalists for what was supposed to be an unrecorded lunch to give them a sense of what he would tell Congress. But the conversation took a surprising turn when some of the anchors asked about his efforts to deport many of the estimated 11 million immigrants in the country illegally. Without being prompted, Mr. Trump then raised the idea of legislation, noting that there had not been any comprehensive law passed by Congress on the subject since Ronald Reagan’s amnesty program in the 1980s.
He told the anchors it was time for a bill that would grant legal status to many of those in the country illegally as long as both sides compromised, similar to the legislation sought but never passed by George W. Bush and Barack Obama. Mr. Trump said he recognized that it would cause him political problems with his conservative base voters, according to people in the room, but added that he thought he could keep them happy since they had stuck with him throughout last year’s Republican primaries.
When Mr. Trump offered the idea, he let the word “compromise” hang in the air, gauging the reaction. He then turned to Hope Hicks, his director of strategic communications, and suggested that the thought could be added to his speech.
As Mr. Trump’s words settled over the State Dining Room, the president’s aides glanced at one another. They moved quickly to alert Mr. Bannon and Mr. Miller, two of the main keepers of Mr. Trump’s address before Congress.
That the proposal did not ultimately make it into the speech may speak to the influence of Mr. Bannon’s wing. But the town was confused and off balance, just the way Mr. Trump likes it.



ARTICLE
President Trump on Tuesday delivered his first address to a joint session of Congress. The following is a transcript, as prepared by the Federal News Service. 
For more coverage, read our live analysis.
TRUMP: Thank you very much. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, members of Congress, the first lady of the United States ...
(APPLAUSE)
... and citizens of America, tonight, as we mark the conclusion of our celebration of Black History Month, we are reminded of our nation’s path toward civil rights and the work that still remains to be done.
Recent threats ...
(APPLAUSE)
Recent threats targeting Jewish community centers and vandalism of Jewish cemeteries, as well as last week’s shooting in Kansas City, remind us that while we may be a nation divided on policies, we are a country that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all of its very ugly forms.
(APPLAUSE)
Each American generation passes the torch of truth, liberty and justice, in an unbroken chain all the way down to the present. That torch is now in our hands. And we will use it to light up the world.
I am here tonight to deliver a message of unity and strength, and it is a message deeply delivered from my heart. A new chapter ...
(APPLAUSE)
... of American greatness is now beginning. A new national pride is sweeping across our nation. And a new surge of optimism is placing impossible dreams firmly within our grasp. What we are witnessing today is the renewal of the American spirit. Our allies will find that America is once again ready to lead.
(APPLAUSE)
All the nations of the world — friend or foe — will find that America is strong, America is proud, and America is free. In nine years, the United States will celebrate the 250th anniversary of our founding, 250 years since the day we declared our independence. It will be one of the great milestones in the history of the world.
But what will America look like as we reach our 250th year? What kind of country will we leave for our children? I will not allow the mistakes of recent decades past to define the course of our future.
For too long, we’ve watched our middle class shrink as we’ve exported our jobs and wealth to foreign countries. We’ve financed and built one global project after another, but ignored the fates of our children in the inner cities of Chicago, Baltimore, Detroit and so many other places throughout our land.
We’ve defended the borders of other nations while leaving our own borders wide open for anyone to cross [Fact check: Open in parts, but heavily patrolled as well.], and for drugs to pour in at a now unprecedented rate. And we’ve spent trillions and trillions of dollars overseas, while our infrastructure at home has so badly crumbled.
Then, in 2016, the earth shifted beneath our feet. The rebellion started as a quiet protest, spoken by families of all colors and creeds, families who just wanted a fair shot for their children, and a fair hearing for their concerns.
But then the quiet voices became a loud chorus, as thousands of citizens now spoke out together, from cities small and large, all across our country.
Finally, the chorus became an earthquake, and the people turned out by the tens of millions, and they were all united by one very simple, but crucial demand, that America must put its own citizens first, because only then can we truly make America great again.
(APPLAUSE)
Dying industries will come roaring back to life. Heroic veterans will get the care they so desperately need. Our military will be given the resources its brave warriors so richly deserve.
Crumbling infrastructure will be replaced with new roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and railways, gleaming across our very, very beautiful land. Our terrible drug epidemic will slow down and ultimately stop. And our neglected inner cities will see a rebirth of hope, safety and opportunity.
Above all else, we will keep our promises to the American people.
(APPLAUSE)
Thank you. It’s been a little over a month since my inauguration, and I want to take this moment to update the nation on the progress I’ve made in keeping those promises. Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Walmart and many others have announced that they will invest billions and billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs.
(APPLAUSE)
The stock market has gained almost $3 trillion in value since the election on Nov. 8, a record. We’ve saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price of fantastic — and it is a fantastic — new F-35 jet fighter, and we’ll be saving billions more on contracts all across our government.
We have placed a hiring freeze on nonmilitary and nonessential federal workers.
We have begun to drain the swamp of government corruption by imposing a five-year ban on lobbying by executive branch officials — and a lifetime ban ...
(APPLAUSE)
Thank you. Thank you. And a lifetime ban on becoming lobbyists for a foreign government. We have undertaken a historic effort to massively reduce job-crushing regulations, creating a deregulation task force inside of every government agency ...
(APPLAUSE)
... and we’re imposing a new rule which mandates that for every one new regulation, two old regulations must be eliminated.
(APPLAUSE)
We’re going to stop the regulations that threaten the future and livelihood of our great coal miners. [Fact check: This is partly true but misleading.]
(APPLAUSE)
We have cleared the way for the construction of the Keystone and Dakota Access Pipelines ...
(APPLAUSE)
... thereby creating tens of thousands of jobs. [Fact check: This needs context.] And I’ve issued a new directive that new American pipelines be made with American steel.
(APPLAUSE)
We have withdrawn the United States from the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership.
(APPLAUSE)
And with the help of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, we have formed a council with our neighbors in Canada to help ensure that women entrepreneurs have access to the networks, markets and capital they need to start a business and live out their financial dreams.
(APPLAUSE)
To protect our citizens, I have directed the Department of Justice to form a task force on reducing violent crime. I have further ordered the Departments of Homeland Security and Justice, along with the Department of State and the director of national intelligence, to coordinate an aggressive strategy to dismantle the criminal cartels that have spread all across our nation. [Fact check: True, but they don’t do much.]
(APPLAUSE)
We will stop the drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth, and we will expand treatment for those who have become so badly addicted.
(APPLAUSE)
At the same time, my administration has answered the pleas of the American people for immigration enforcement and border security.
(APPLAUSE)
By finally enforcing our immigration laws, we will raise wages [Fact check: Maybe a little.], help the unemployed, save billions and billions of dollars, and make our communities safer for everyone.
(APPLAUSE)
We want all Americans to succeed, but that can’t happen in an environment of lawless chaos.
We must restore integrity and the rule of law at our borders.
(APPLAUSE)
For that reason, we will soon begin the construction of a great, great wall along our southern border.
(APPLAUSE)
As we speak tonight, we are removing gang members, drug dealers and criminals that threaten our communities and prey on our very innocent citizens. [Fact check: Not a big change.] Bad ones are going out as I speak, and as I promised throughout the campaign. To any in Congress who do not believe we should enforce our laws, I would ask you this one question: What would you say to the American family that loses their jobs, their income or their loved one because America refused to uphold its laws and defend its borders?
(APPLAUSE)
Our obligation is to serve, protect and defend the citizens of the United States. We are also taking strong measures to protect our nation from radical Islamic terrorism.
(APPLAUSE)
According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted of terrorism and terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country. We have seen the attacks at home, from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and, yes, even the World Trade Center. We have seen the attacks in France, in Belgium, in Germany and all over the world.
It is not compassionate, but reckless to allow uncontrolled entry from places where proper vetting cannot occur.
(APPLAUSE)
Those given the high honor of admission to the United States should support this country and love its people and its values. We cannot allow a beachhead of terrorism to form inside America, and we cannot allow our nation to become a sanctuary for extremists.
(APPLAUSE) That is why my administration has been working on improved vetting procedures, and we will shortly take new steps to keep our nation safe, and to keep those out who will do us harm.
(APPLAUSE)
As promised, I directed the Department of Defense to develop a plan to demolish and destroy ISIS, a network of lawless savages that have slaughtered Muslims and Christians, and men, women and children of all faiths and all beliefs. We will work with our allies, including our friends and allies in the Muslim world, to extinguish this vile enemy from our planet.
(APPLAUSE)
I have also imposed new sanctions on entities and individuals who support Iran’s ballistic missile program, and reaffirmed our unbreakable alliance with the state of Israel.
(APPLAUSE)
Finally, I have kept my promise to appoint a justice to the United States Supreme Court, from my list of 20 judges, who will defend our Constitution.
(APPLAUSE)
I am greatly honored to have Maureen Scalia with us in the gallery tonight.
(APPLAUSE)
Thank you, Maureen. Her late, great husband, Antonin Scalia, will forever be a symbol of American justice.
To fill his seat, we have chosen Judge Neil Gorsuch, a man of incredible skill and deep devotion to the law. He was confirmed unanimously by the Court of Appeals, and I am asking the Senate to swiftly approve his nomination.
(APPLAUSE)
Tonight, as I outline the next steps we must take as a country, we must honestly acknowledge the circumstances we inherited. Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force. [Fact check: This is misleading.] Over 43 million people are now living in poverty. [Fact check: True — but the number has also fallen.] And over 43 million Americans are on food stamps. [Fact check: The number is correct.]
More than one in five people in their prime working years are not working. We have the worst financial recovery in 65 years. In the last eight years, the past administration has put on more new debt than nearly all of the other presidents combined.
We’ve lost more than one-fourth of our manufacturing jobs since Nafta was approved [Fact check: Not because of Nafta.], and we’ve lost 60,000 factories since China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001. Our trade deficit in goods with the world last year was nearly $800 billion. And overseas, we have inherited a series of tragic foreign policy disasters.
Solving these and so many other pressing problems will require us to work past the differences of party. It will require us to tap into the American spirit that has overcome every challenge throughout our long and storied history. But to accomplish our goals at home and abroad, we must restart the engine of the American economy, making it easier for companies to do business in the United States and much, much harder for companies to leave our country.
(APPLAUSE)
Right now, American companies are taxed at one of the highest rates anywhere in the world. My economic team is developing historic tax reform that will reduce the tax rate on our companies so they can compete and thrive anywhere and with anyone.
(APPLAUSE)
It will be a big, big cut.
At the same time, we will provide massive tax relief for the middle class. We must create a level playing field for American companies and our workers — have to do it.
(APPLAUSE)
Currently, when we ship products out of America, many other countries make us pay very high tariffs and taxes, but when foreign companies ship their products into America, we charge them nothing or almost nothing.
I just met with officials and workers from a great American company, Harley-Davidson. In fact, they proudly displayed five of their magnificent motorcycles, made in the U.S.A., on the front lawn of the White House.
(APPLAUSE)
And they wanted me to ride one, and I said, “No, thank you.”
(LAUGHTER)
At our meeting, I asked them, “How are you doing? How is business?” They said that it’s good. I asked them further, “How are you doing with other countries, mainly international sales?”
They told me — without even complaining, because they have been so mistreated for so long that they’ve become used to it — that it’s very hard to do business with other countries, because they tax our goods at such a high rate. They said that in the case of another country, they taxed their motorcycles at 100 percent.
They weren’t even asking for a change. But I am. I believe ...
(APPLAUSE)
I believe strongly in free trade, but it also has to be fair trade. It’s been a long time since we had fair trade.
The first Republican president, Abraham Lincoln, warned that “the abandonment of the protective policy by the American government will produce want and ruin among our people.”
Lincoln was right, and it’s time we heeded his advice and his words.
(APPLAUSE)
I am not going to let America and its great companies and workers be taken — advantage of us any longer. They have taken advantage of our country no longer.
(APPLAUSE)
I am going to bring back millions of jobs. Protecting our workers also means reforming our system of legal immigration.
(APPLAUSE)
The current, outdated system depresses wages for our poorest workers and puts great pressure on taxpayers. Nations around the world, like Canada, Australia and many others, have a merit-based immigration system.
(APPLAUSE)
It’s a basic principle that those seeking to enter a country ought to be able to support themselves financially. Yet in America we do not enforce this rule, straining the very public resources that our poorest citizens rely upon.
According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs American taxpayers many billions of dollars a year. [Fact check: This needs context.] Switching away from this current system of lower-skilled immigration, and instead adopting a merit-based system, we will have so many more benefits. It will save countless dollars, raise workers’ wages and help struggling families, including immigrant families, enter the middle class. And they will do it quickly, and they will be very, very happy, indeed.
(APPLAUSE)
I believe that real and positive immigration reform is possible, as long as we focus on the following goals: to improve jobs and wages for Americans, to strengthen our nation’s security and to restore respect for our laws.
If we are guided by the well-being of American citizens, then I believe Republicans and Democrats can work together to achieve an outcome that has eluded our country for decades.
(APPLAUSE)
Another Republican president, Dwight D. Eisenhower, initiated the last truly great national infrastructure program: the building of the interstate highway system. The time has come for a new program of national rebuilding.
(APPLAUSE)
America has spent approximately $6 trillion in the Middle East, all the while our infrastructure at home is crumbling.
With the $6 trillion, we could have rebuilt our country twice, and maybe even three times, if we had people who had the ability to negotiate.
(APPLAUSE)
To launch our national rebuilding, I will be asking Congress to approve legislation that produces a $1 trillion investment in infrastructure of the United States, financed through both public and private capital, creating millions of new jobs.
(APPLAUSE)
This effort will be guided by two core principles: Buy American and hire American.
(APPLAUSE)
Tonight, I am also calling on this Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare ...
(APPLAUSE)
... with reforms that expand choice, increase access, lower costs and at the same time provide better health care.
(APPLAUSE)
Mandating every American to buy government-approved health insurance was never the right solution for our country.
(APPLAUSE)
The way to make health insurance available to everyone is to lower the cost of health insurance, and that is what we are going to do.
(APPLAUSE)
Obamacare premiums nationwide have increased by double and triple digits. [Fact check: True, but cherry-picked.] As an example, Arizona went up 116 percent last year alone. Gov. Matt Bevin of Kentucky just said Obamacare is failing in his state, the state of Kentucky, and it’s unsustainable and collapsing.
One third of the counties have only one insurer, and they’re losing them fast, they are losing them so fast. They’re leaving. And many Americans have no choice at all. There’s no choice left.
Remember when you were told that you could keep your doctor and keep your plan? We now know that all of those promises have been totally broken. Obamacare is collapsing [Fact check: This is an exaggeration.], and we must act decisively to protect all Americans.
(APPLAUSE)
Action is not a choice; it is a necessity. So I am calling on all Democrats and Republicans in Congress to work with us to save Americans from this imploding Obamacare disaster.
(APPLAUSE)
Here are the principles that should guide Congress as we move to create a better health care system for all Americans.
First, we should ensure that Americans with pre-existing conditions have access to coverage and that we have a stable transition for Americans currently enrolled in the health care exchanges.
(APPLAUSE)
Secondly, we should help Americans purchase their own coverage, through the use of tax credits and expanded health savings accounts, but it must be the plan they want, not the plan forced on them by our government.
(APPLAUSE)
Thirdly, we should give our state governors the resources and flexibility they need with Medicaid to make sure no one is left out.
(APPLAUSE)
Fourth, we should implement legal reforms that protect patients and doctors from unnecessary costs that drive up the price of insurance and work to bring down the artificially high price of drugs and bring them down immediately.
(APPLAUSE)
And finally, the time has come to give Americans the freedom to purchase health insurance across state lines ...
(APPLAUSE)
... which will create a truly competitive national marketplace that will bring costs way down and provide far better care. So important.
Everything that is broken in our country can be fixed. Every problem can be solved. And every hurting family can find healing and hope. Our citizens deserve this, and so much more, so why not join forces and finally get the job done and get it done right?
(APPLAUSE)
On this and so many other things, Democrats and Republicans should get together and unite for the good of our country and for the good of the American people.
(APPLAUSE)
My administration wants to work with members of both parties to make child care accessible and affordable, to help ensure new parents that they have paid family leave ...
(APPLAUSE)
... to invest in women’s health, and to promote clean air and clean water, and to rebuild our military and our infrastructure.
(APPLAUSE)
True love for our people requires us to find common ground, to advance the common good, and to cooperate on behalf of every American child who deserves a much brighter future.
An incredible young woman is with us this evening who should serve as an inspiration to us all. Today is Rare Disease Day, and joining us in the gallery is a rare disease survivor, Megan Crowley. Megan ...
(APPLAUSE)
Megan was diagnosed with Pompe disease, a rare and serious illness, when she was 15 months old. She was not expected to live past 5. On receiving this news, Megan’s dad, John, fought with everything he had to save the life of his precious child. He founded a company to look for a cure and helped develop the drug that saved Megan’s life. Today she is 20 years old and a sophomore at Notre Dame.
(APPLAUSE)
Megan’s story is about the unbounded power of a father’s love for a daughter. But our slow and burdensome approval process at the Food and Drug Administration keeps too many advances, like the one that saved Megan’s life, from reaching those in need.
If we slash the restraints, not just at the F.D.A. but across our government, then we will be blessed with far more miracles just like Megan.
(APPLAUSE)
In fact, our children will grow up in a nation of miracles. But to achieve this future, we must enrich the mind — and the souls — of every American child. Education is the civil rights issue of our time.
(APPLAUSE)
I am calling upon members of both parties to pass an education bill that funds school choice for disadvantaged youth, including millions of African-American and Latino children.
(APPLAUSE)
These families should be free to choose the public, private, charter, magnet, religious or home school that is right for them.
(APPLAUSE)
Joining us tonight in the gallery is a remarkable woman, Denisha Merriweather. As a young girl, Denisha struggled in school and failed third grade twice. But then she was able to enroll in a private center for learning — great learning center — with the help of a tax credit and a scholarship program. Today, she is the first in her family to graduate, not just from high school, but from college. Later this year, she will get her master’s degree in social work. We want all children to be able to break the cycle of poverty just like Denisha.
(APPLAUSE)
But to break the cycle of poverty, we must also break the cycle of violence. The murder rate in 2015 experienced its largest single-year increase in nearly half a century. [Fact check: True, but somewhat misleading.] In Chicago, more than 4,000 people were shot last year alone, and the murder rate so far this year has been even higher. This is not acceptable in our society.
(APPLAUSE)
Every American child should be able to grow up in a safe community, to attend a great school and to have access to a high-paying job.
(APPLAUSE)
But to create this future, we must work with — not against — not against — the men and women of law enforcement.
(APPLAUSE)
We must build bridges of cooperation and trust, not drive the wedge of disunity and it’s — really, it’s what it is, division. It’s pure, unadulterated division. We have to unify. Police and sheriffs are members of our community. They’re friends and neighbors, they’re mothers and fathers, sons and daughters, and they leave behind loved ones every day who worry about whether or not they’ll come home safe and sound. We must support the incredible men and women of law enforcement.
(APPLAUSE)
And we must support the victims of crime. I have ordered the Department of Homeland Security to create an office to serve American victims. The office is called Voice, Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement.
We are providing a voice to those who have been ignored by our media [Fact check: They have received coverage.] and silenced by special interests. Joining us ...
(APPLAUSE)
Joining us in the audience tonight are four very brave Americans whose government failed them. Their names are Jamiel Shaw, Susan Oliver, Jenna Oliver and Jessica Davis. Jamiel’s 17-year-old son was viciously murdered by an illegal immigrant gang member who had just been released from prison. Jamiel Shaw Jr. was an incredible young man with unlimited potential who was getting ready to go to college, where he would have excelled as a great college quarterback.
But he never got the chance. His father, who is in the audience tonight, has become a very good friend of mine. Jamiel, thank you. Thank you.
(APPLAUSE)
Also with us are Susan Oliver and Jessica Davis. Their husbands — Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver and Detective Michael Davis — were slain in the line of duty in California. They were pillars of their community. These brave men were viciously gunned down by an illegal immigrant with a criminal record and two prior deportations. Should have never been in our country.
Sitting with Susan is her daughter, Jenna. Jenna, I want you to know that your father was a hero and that tonight you have the love of an entire country supporting you and praying for you.
(APPLAUSE)
To Jamiel, Jenna, Susan and Jessica, I want you to know that we will never stop fighting for justice. Your loved ones will never, ever be forgotten. We will always honor their memory.
(APPLAUSE)
Finally, to keep America safe, we must provide the men and women of the United States military with the tools they need to prevent war — if they must — they have to fight and they only have to win.
(APPLAUSE)
I am sending Congress a budget that rebuilds the military, eliminates the defense sequester...
(APPLAUSE)
... and calls for one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history.
My budget will also increase funding for our veterans. Our veterans have delivered for this nation, and now we must deliver for them.
(APPLAUSE)
The challenges we face as a nation are great. But our people are even greater. And none are greater or braver than those who fight for America in uniform.
(APPLAUSE)
We are blessed to be joined tonight by Carryn Owens, the widow of U.S. Navy special operator, Senior Chief William “Ryan” Owens. Ryan died as he lived, a warrior and a hero, battling against terrorism and securing our nation.
(APPLAUSE)
I just spoke to our great General [Jim] Mattis just now who reconfirmed that, and I quote, “Ryan was a part of a highly successful raid that generated large amounts of vital intelligence that will lead to many more victories in the future against our enemy.”
Ryan’s legacy is etched into eternity. Thank you.
(APPLAUSE)
And Ryan is looking down right now. You know that. And he’s very happy, because I think he just broke a record.
(APPLAUSE)
For as the Bible teaches us, there is no greater act of love than to lay down one’s life for one’s friends. Ryan laid down his life for his friends, for his country and for our freedom. And we will never forget Ryan.
(APPLAUSE)
To those allies who wonder what kind of a friend America will be, look no further than the heroes who wear our uniform. Our foreign policy calls for a direct, robust and meaningful engagement with the world. It is American leadership based on vital security interests that we share with our allies all across the globe.
We strongly support NATO, an alliance forged through the bonds of two world wars, that dethroned fascism ...
(APPLAUSE)
... and a Cold War and defeated communism.
(APPLAUSE)
But our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that. In fact, I can tell you the money is pouring in. Very nice.
(APPLAUSE)
We expect our partners, whether in NATO, in the Middle East or in the Pacific, to take a direct and meaningful role in both strategic and military operations, and pay their fair share of the cost — have to do that.
We will respect historic institutions, but we will respect the foreign rights of all nations. And they have to respect our rights as a nation, also.
(APPLAUSE)
Free nations are the best vehicle for expressing the will of the people, and America respects the right of all nations to chart their own path. My job is not to represent the world. My job is to represent the United States of America.
(APPLAUSE)
But we know that America is better off when there is less conflict, not more. We must learn from the mistakes of the past. We have seen the war and the destruction that have ravaged and raged throughout the world. All across the world.
The only long-term solution for these humanitarian disasters, in many cases, is to create the conditions where displaced persons can safely return home and begin the long, long process of rebuilding.
(APPLAUSE)
America is willing to find new friends, and to forge new partnerships, where shared interests align. We want harmony and stability, not war and conflict. We want peace, wherever peace can be found. America is friends today with former enemies. Some of our closest allies, decades ago, fought on the opposite side of these terrible, terrible wars. This history should give us all faith in the possibilities for a better world.
Hopefully, the 250th year for America will see a world that is more peaceful, more just, and more free.
On our 100th anniversary in 1876, citizens from across our nation came to Philadelphia to celebrate America’s centennial. At that celebration, the country’s builders and artists and inventors showed off their wonderful creations. Alexander Graham Bell displayed his telephone for the first time. Remington unveiled the first typewriter. An early attempt was made at electric light. Thomas Edison showed an automatic telegraph and an electric pen. Imagine the wonders our country could know in America’s 250th year.
(APPLAUSE)
Think of the marvels we could achieve if we simply set free the dreams of our people. Cures to the illnesses that have always plagued us are not too much to hope. American footprints on distant worlds are not too big a dream. Millions lifted from welfare to work is not too much to expect. And streets where mothers are safe from fear — schools where children learn in peace, and jobs where Americans prosper and grow — are not too much to ask.
(APPLAUSE)
When we have all of this, we will have made America greater than ever before, for all Americans. This is our vision. This is our mission. But we can only get there together. We are one people, with one destiny.
We all bleed the same blood. We all salute the same great American flag. And we are all made by the same God.
(APPLAUSE)
When we fulfill this vision, when we celebrate our 250 years of glorious freedom, we will look back on tonight as when this new chapter of American greatness began. The time for small thinking is over. The time for trivial fights is behind us. We just need the courage to share the dreams that fill our hearts, the bravery to express the hopes that stir our souls, and the confidence to turn those hopes and those dreams into action.
From now on, America will be empowered by our aspirations, not burdened by our fears, inspired by the future, not bound by failures of the past, and guided by a vision, not blinded by our doubts.
I am asking all citizens to embrace this renewal of the American spirit. I am asking all members of Congress to join me in dreaming big and bold and daring things for our country. I am asking everyone watching tonight to seize this moment. Believe in yourselves. Believe in your future. And believe, once more, in America.
Thank you, God bless you, and God bless the United States.



ARTICLE
CORPUS CHRISTI, Tex. — For several days in 2014 at the federal courthouse here, lawyers argued over whether the Texas Legislature had passed its voter identification law motivated, at least in part, by a desire to deter minorities from voting. Lawyers for the Justice Department said it had, as did lawyers for minority voters and civil rights groups. Lawyers for Texas denied the allegation.
More than two years later, in the very same courtroom, the same judge listened to what were largely the same arguments made by many of the same lawyers on Tuesday. But there was one significant exception: The Justice Department stayed out of the fight.
On Monday, the Trump administration’s Justice Department withdrew its claim that Texas had enacted the law with a discriminatory intent, reversing a position that had been part of the agency’s yearslong legal battle.
The reversal the day before set an awkward tone to a previously scheduled hearing in the case. The Justice Department remains a party to the case but has walked away from a key part of it, citing a desire to allow the Texas Legislature to fix the problems cited by a federal appeals court last year.
The judge — Judge Nelva Gonzales Ramos of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas — asked a Justice Department official whether he wanted to add anything about the withdrawal.
“The motion speaks for itself, your honor,” replied John M. Gore, the deputy assistant attorney general in the department’s Civil Rights Division.
After the hearing, Ezra D. Rosenberg, a plaintiffs’ lawyer, said, “It’s sad, in a way.” “You have the most important governmental civil rights agency abandoning a claim that is strong and solid and which it has steadfastly prosecuted for five years,” he said.
Current Justice Department officials declined to comment, but a former official said the withdrawal from the claim on discriminatory intent was wrenching.
Vanita Gupta, the head of the civil rights division under President Barack Obama, said, “It was reversing the position that career lawyers have been pursuing for several years, and that’s really troubling.”
At the hearing, Mr. Gore, the Justice Department official, asked Judge Ramos to delay ruling on the discriminatory-intent question until the Texas Legislature votes on new voter ID bills. He said the pending bills made the record in the case continually evolving. Lawyers for the Texas attorney general, Ken Paxton, agreed with the Justice Department’s request for the delay.
Opponents of the law said the new bills had nothing to do with the question of discriminatory intent. They said that the appellate court’s decision did not require Judge Ramos to consider any pending bills and that one of the best arguments for not postponing a decision had come from the Justice Department itself. The groups challenging the law used the department’s own words — uttered during the previous administration — to help make the case.
The Justice Department in August had opposed a move by Texas to postpone the case until after the legislative session.
Chad Dunn, one of the plaintiffs’ lawyers, quoted from the Justice Department’s August brief in his presentation and then added, “On the United States’ position — they got it right the first time.”
Judge Ramos issued no ruling. She asked each side to submit briefs that address what role, if any, the new voter ID bills play in the case. It is unclear when she will rule on the discriminatory-intent issue and whether she will agree with Texas and the Justice Department to delay a ruling until after June 18, the last day the governor can sign or veto legislation.
The voter ID law was found by the appellate court to have a discriminatory effect on black and Hispanic voters, many of whom lacked the required government-issued photo ID. Establishing the Legislature’s motive in passing the bill has proved to be one of the most vexing and politically contentious questions in the case.
At the hearing on Tuesday, the law’s opponents said Republican lawmakers had steamrollered the bill through the Legislature in the name of preventing voter fraud and made numerous departures from legislative norms, including classifying it as emergency legislation and bypassing the usual committee process. Lawmakers, they argued, had selected IDs that were more accessible to white voters and excluded those more accessible to minority voters.
And they said Texas lawmakers had failed to fully explain why they moved so swiftly to address a voter fraud issue that the appellate court called an “almost nonexistent problem.”
The true purpose, they said, was in part to help Republicans maintain their hold on power amid the rapid growth of Democratic-leaning black and Hispanic voters.
Lawyers for Texas described the accusation that Republican lawmakers had passed the law to strengthen their power and hurt minority voters as a “false narrative.” They said the departures from the normal legislative process had been done to prevent Democratic lawmakers from manipulating procedural rules to thwart passage of the bill.
And they maintained that opponents had obtained thousands of internal legislative documents and held hours of depositions with lawmakers, but turned up no evidence that any legislator had acted with a racially discriminatory purpose.
“Race had nothing to do with it,” Angela V. Colmenero, an official with the Texas attorney general’s office, told the judge.



ARTICLE
The high-pitched, rambling voice on the telephone was disguised and garbled, and warned of a slaughter of Jews. The voice spoke of a bomb loaded with shrapnel and of an imminent “blood bath.” Moments later, the caller hung up.
The mid-January threat to a Jewish community center turned out to be a hoax. The warning was one of at least 100 that Jewish community centers and schools have reported since the beginning of the year, a menacing pattern that has upended daily life for people in 33 states and prompted a federal investigation that has come under increasing scrutiny from lawmakers, security specialists and Jewish leaders.
Combined with the recent vandalism at Jewish cemeteries in Missouri and Pennsylvania, the calls have stoked fears that a virulent anti-Semitism has increasingly taken hold in the early days of the Trump administration.
At the beginning of an address to Congress on Tuesday night, Mr. Trump said the episodes, along with last week’s attack on two Indian immigrants in Kansas, “remind us that while we may be a nation divided on policies, we are a country that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all of its very ugly forms.”
In a meeting with state attorneys general earlier Tuesday, Mr. Trump suggested that the threats and destruction might be a politically coordinated effort to “make people look bad,” according to the attorneys general of Pennsylvania and the District of Columbia.
“First, he said the acts were reprehensible,” said Attorney General Josh Shapiro of Pennsylvania, a Democrat who asked Mr. Trump about the episodes during a session at the White House. “Second, he said: ‘And you’ve got to be careful; it could be the reverse. This could be the reverse, trying to make people look bad.’”
Jewish leaders denounced Mr. Trump’s comments to the attorneys general, and some urged the federal government to accelerate its investigation of the threatening calls, the latest of which came on Monday.
“The person or persons doing this have broken the law, and it’s the responsibility of our system to investigate it and apprehend the individual or individuals responsible,” said David Posner, the director of strategic performance for the JCC Association of North America.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation has been leading an inquiry since January, and a federal law enforcement official, who was not authorized to discuss a continuing investigation, said that a single person may be making the threats using an internet calling service. Independent analysts, including extremism researchers and retired law enforcement officials, share that theory and said that, so far, they have seen no evidence of an organized effort.
Though some people had suspected that the calls were recorded and automated, there was evidence to the contrary. In Milwaukee, for instance, a switchboard operator asked questions and received responses from the caller, said Mark Shapiro, the president of the Harry and Rose Samson Family Jewish Community Center.
Mr. Posner said an F.B.I. official had emphasized that the investigation was a priority for the bureau, involving experts in behavioral analysis, civil rights and hate groups.
“Agents and analysts across the country are working to identify and stop those responsible,” Stephen Richardson, the bureau’s assistant director for the criminal investigative division, said. “We will work to make sure that people of all races and religions feel safe in their communities and in their places of worship.”
According to Mr. Posner’s group, more than 80 community centers and day schools in the United States and Canada have been threatened, some repeatedly. The calls have come in five rounds, most recently on Monday, when there were 31 threats.
Many of the calls have prompted evacuations and bomb sweeps, forcing schoolchildren from classrooms and employees to push cribs full of infants into parking lots. Retirees have been rushed from swimming pools, and offices and streets shut down.
The threats are frequent and alarming, community center leaders said.
“My initial reaction was, ‘This is our turn,’” said Karen Kolodny, the executive director of the JCC of Mid-Westchester in Scarsdale, N.Y., where officials responded to a bomb threat on Monday. “My reaction was not complete shock. We thought it was going to happen at some point.”
F.B.I. data shows that most hate crimes are linked to race, ethnicity or ancestry. In 2015, the most recent year for which federal data has been released, the authorities recorded 664 episodes they classified as anti-Jewish.
Analysts said they believed that anti-Semitic commentary online before last year’s presidential election had gradually escalated into more sinister behavior toward the Jewish institutions, which have long prepared for threats and often employ private security.
“You started out with the hostile tweets,” said Mitchell D. Silber, who was director of intelligence analysis for the New York Police Department. “You moved to the bomb threats against JCCs and other institutions, and now you have a physical manifestation at the cemeteries with the gravestones knocked over.”
Although the F.B.I. is investigating damage to headstones at a Jewish cemetery in Philadelphia, the episode there, as well as a similar one near St. Louis, is not believed to have been the work of anyone behind the bomb threats.
The bureau’s inquiry into the bomb threats is likely complicated by the reality that criminals have embraced new technology, said Ronald T. Hosko, one of Mr. Richardson’s predecessors as an assistant F.B.I. director.
“This is unlikely to be little twisted Johnny calling from his parents’ house,” Mr. Hosko said.
Instead, Mr. Hosko suggested, the caller could be relying on libraries, restaurants or other public places with internet access, sites that might be equipped with surveillance cameras that the F.B.I. could use to help identify someone who frequented those places at the dates and times of the calls. Each new threat, Mr. Hosko said, increased the odds of an arrest.
“Every one of those contacts presents another opportunity,” he said. “It’s another dot in the pattern analysis.”
As the threats have poured in, from Albuquerque to Nashville to Providence, there have been rising worries over whether people might stay away from the centers, which also serve people of other religious backgrounds. Some have fretted that the intense public attention might be encouraging whoever is behind the calls.
“Given that this is happening wave after wave, there are concerns for people’s families, and people are concerned about whether they should still send their kids to JCCs,” said Oren Segal, the director of the Anti-Defamation League’s Center on Extremism. “When communities start second-guessing like this, it is incredibly alarming and disruptive and serves the purpose of whoever is carrying out these threats.”
But Jewish institution leaders, in interviews and in conversations with one another, have expressed more frustration than fear.
“By attacking the JCC, they’re really attacking what is best about America: the diversity, the pluralism, the inclusion that one faith community can be as welcoming to other faith communities and demonstrate that through deeds on the ground,” Mr. Posner said. “That’s something we will never surrender.”



ARTICLE
During President Trump’s meeting with dozens of leaders of historically black universities on Monday, Kellyanne Conway, the White House counselor, made herself at home in the Oval Office. She hopped onto a couch, sat back on her heels and tapped on her phone.
This impromptu manner of sitting is common in living rooms across America, but not in the Oval Office. And there are more important things underway in the White House: an ambitious budget, health care (it’s complicated!) and a presidential address to Congress on Tuesday. But Ms. Conway’s posture was all the kindling a hair-triggered public needed to ignite a battle over decorum.
For those watching closely — and millions are — this seemed like the latest flouting of protocol by an administration that has showed a penchant for spontaneity and a willingness to ignore unwritten rules of White House life. When Mr. Trump invited Justin Trudeau, the Canadian prime minister, into the Oval Office in early February, his daughter Ivanka, normally considered the most polished member of the family, was criticized for taking an impromptu seat at her father’s desk. On the other end of the spectrum, Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s chief strategist, has been targeted for dressing too casually. And the first lady does not yet live in Washington.
But Ms. Conway’s willingness to sit casually on a couch seemed a step too far. To Pamela Eyring, president of the Protocol School of Washington, whose programs focus on etiquette, it just looked a lot like a “rookie protocol mistake.”
Ms. Eyring said the photos of Ms. Conway probably negated whatever message of unity Mr. Trump was trying to project.
“The whole media opportunity to show the good will and the collaboration showing what the president is trying to do is gone now,” Ms. Eyring said. “Let the media take the shot instead of you trying to stand on furniture.”
On Twitter, people categorized the episode as an outrage, an opportunity for laughs or an overblown controversy.
“Liberals are losing their mind because Kellyanne Conway is kneeling on a couch and ‘not treating furniture with respect,’” wrote Jack Murphy, who posts extensively on Twitter about the president. He then shared nine photos of former President Barack Obama with his feet propped up on desks and chairs in the White House.
Others said the faux pas was not about the desecration of furniture. Instead, they felt that Ms. Conway, who serves a president who has been known to make racially charged or tone-deaf statements, had shown disrespect while she was among dozens of black leaders.
“Now, you can’t expect us to take this ‘meeting’ seriously when this is the setting,” wrote DeRay Mckesson, a prominent figure in the Black Lives Matter movement.
The initial purpose of the meeting — one meant to build relationships between the Trump administration and historically black colleges — was quickly overshadowed by photos of Ms. Conway, which were quickly chopped up and repurposed as memes. (A statement from Betsy DeVos, the education secretary, calling these schools “pioneers when it comes to school choice,” on the other hand, received plenty of attention.)
In this hyper-polarized social media environment, while photos are perfect fodder for jokes and nuance-free arguments, pictures don’t always tell the whole truth. In the moment, Ms. Conway was observing a hastily arranged photo op where dozens of people were waved into the office by Omarosa Manigault, the director of communications for the Office of Public Liaison, according to Stephen Crowley, a New York Times photographer who was in the room.
“It was just chaos as they were bringing in dozens of people,” Mr. Crowley said. “I didn’t even notice Kellyanne, it was just so chaotic.”
Mr. Crowley added that, in the moment, Ms. Conway’s movements suggested that she was making an effort to duck out of the way of pool photographers.
Hope Hicks, a White House spokeswoman, did not respond to a request for comment. But on Tuesday evening, Ms. Conway addressed the photos during an interview with Lou Dobbs on the Fox Business Network. “I was asked to take a certain angle and was doing exactly that. I certainly meant no disrespect,” Ms. Conway said. “I didn’t mean to have my feet on the couch.”
Ms. Eyring, of the protocol school, suggested that it would be a lesson learned for the future.
“We call that scar tissue,” she said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Congressional Republicans, racked by divisions over health care, taxes and spending, are increasingly desperate for leadership from the White House to unite the party and point the way toward consensus.
But presidential leadership does not appear to be forthcoming, leaving the party largely paralyzed at a moment it had thought would be full of legislative activity.
“The White House is huge,” said Senator John Thune, Republican of South Dakota. “The president is the only person who can sign a bill into law, so he’s the guy that ultimately holds the whip hand when it comes to this getting done.”
As congressional leaders struggle to clear the first major legislative hurdle of the Trump era — a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act — their talks with the White House, though not infrequent, have failed to advance any coherent, cohesive policy prescription. Repealing the health care law is the Republicans’ first step toward enacting their broader agenda.
So far, President Trump, seeking to project an image of a man of action, has preferred attention-grabbing executive actions over closed-door engagement with Congress.
In the absence of presidential leadership, the most fiscally conservative House Republicans have stepped forward to demand that the health care law be whittled to near nothingness. More moderate senators are insisting on a replacement plan with many of the current law’s popular components.
Both sides are pressing hard to sway lawmakers working on draft legislation that would roll back the Affordable Care Act’s expansion of Medicaid, replace the subsidies offered in the insurance marketplaces with tax credits to buy coverage, and eliminate tax penalties for people who do not have health insurance.
After weeks of loud protests across the country from voters who are fearful of losing their health care, Republican governors complicated matters further this week by joining Democrats in a call for a replacement plan that would ensure coverage for the 20 million Americans who gained insurance under the Affordable Care Act.
“I’d like to hear a renewed commitment to repealing the law,” said Senator Mike Lee, Republican of Utah — another sign of just how far the party is from unity.
Democrats, who have been dismissed as obstructionists by Republicans determined to repeal and replace the law without them, are sitting by quietly waiting for those efforts to fail. At that point, Democrats believe, Republicans will have to reach across the aisle and repair the law.
“We’ve maintained all along there is room to negotiate,” said Senator Brian Schatz, Democrat of Hawaii. “But only if they abandon their attempt to repeal the law.”
While he has seen no moves toward cooperation yet, “they are in a world of hurt,” Mr. Schatz said of Republicans, “because none of their plans add up, and their members are starting to figure this out and the public is starting to figure this out, and they don’t have Obama as a foil anymore. I think they need to fail first.”
Senator Claire McCaskill, Democrat of Missouri, who has long offered to help fix the law, said she had heard from only one Republican colleague, Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, since the end of last year. “I don’t think Republicans have decided what they’re waiting for,” she said. “The White House or Godot.”
Many Republicans seem to be resigned to seeking consensus on health care legislation, as well as on a budget and tax reform, without comprehensive White House guidance.
Representative Michael McCaul, Republican of Texas and the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, said he was relying less on a signal from Mr. Trump than on behind-the-scenes discussions between lawmakers and the administration to “get the details filled in.”
Those details include how Mr. Trump plans to fund his call for a 10 percent increase in military spending, Mr. McCaul said. “From a budget standpoint, these numbers are difficult to crunch,” he said. “We as Republicans want a stronger national defense. That money’s got to come from someplace. That’s where the hard decisions have to be made.”
Mr. Trump’s aversion to making big changes to two of the costliest government programs, Medicare and Social Security — something Republicans generally crave — is not helping matters. “That makes it even more difficult,” Mr. McCaul said.
The president’s budget outline, unveiled this week, has something for almost every Republican to hate, from the lack of so-called entitlement reform to large proposed cuts at the State Department.
“Speaking for myself,” said Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, “I think the diplomatic portion of the federal budget is very important, and you get results a lot cheaper, frequently, than you do on the defense side. So, speaking for myself, I’m not in favor” of huge reductions at the State Department.
Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, called those cuts “dead in the water” for him.
Many of Mr. Trump’s direct contributions to the legislative process have happened through the news media, as he has signaled his priorities in interviews that have sometimes left congressional Republicans scrambling to decipher his intentions.
Representative Eric Swalwell, Democrat of California, said some of his Republican colleagues were frustrated by their inability to move forward. “They’re reading about what he wants to do at the same time I am in the paper,” he said.
Six weeks after Mr. Trump said Republicans would provide a replacement plan for the Affordable Care Act that offered “insurance for everybody,” Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin is fighting to reconcile his party’s competing priorities while also contending with the occasional messaging complication from the White House.
“This is a plan that we are all working on together: the House, the Senate, the White House,” Mr. Ryan said Tuesday. “We’re all working on this together with the administration.”



ARTICLE
There are a little more than two weeks between Juan, an electrician in the Bronx, and the date he cannot forget: March 21, 2017, at 8 a.m., when the federal government has told him to report for deportation.
Two weeks to decide: Avoid it, and try to preserve the American life he has built for a little longer, even as a fugitive. Go, and lose it all: his wife and son, his job, his apartment, his world.
“I would feel like an animal if I stay here and hide,” said Juan, 29, who asked that his last name not be used. “I want to prove that I can follow the laws. I want to make my case at this meeting, but I know that if I go, they’re going to deport me.”
In an immigration system mottled with escape hatches and hobbled by scant resources, Juan, who fled Colombia six years ago, is one of nearly a million people who have managed to linger in the United States despite having been ordered out of the country by an immigration judge — some of them more than a decade ago.
And with the Trump administration intent on sweeping perhaps millions of immigrants without legal status out of the country, the White House has not had to look far to make a quick mark. Because people with deportation orders have had their day in court, most of them can be sent out of the country without seeing a judge, sometimes within hours of being arrested.
“People who have been ordered deported and who are still here are the low-hanging fruit,” said Stephen Yale-Loehr, an immigration law professor at Cornell University. “Trump has said he has wanted to deport more people. The easiest way to get those numbers up are to take those people who’ve been ordered deported and go after them.”
President Trump’s immigration agency has already offered what looks like a preview: Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents recently deported to Mexico an Arizona  mother who had been ordered out of the country four years ago.
But the follow-up will be complicated. The backlog of what the government calls “fugitive aliens” has persisted through Republican and Democratic administrations, inflamed conservatives who oppose illegal immigration, and resisted the immigration authorities’ attempts at enforcement.
Since 2006, even as the overall total of unauthorized immigrants in the United States has dipped, the number facing outstanding deportation orders has grown by more than half, to around 962,000 people from 632,726. More than half of them come from Mexico, El Salvador, Guatemala or Honduras. (Another 13,200 or so, as of early February, were already in the custody of customs officials.)
Despite the Bush and Obama administrations’ oft-stated commitments to focus on expelling those who pose a serious danger to their communities, slightly less than one in five people facing deportation has been convicted of a crime in the United States.
The causes for delays can vary.
Deportations have been deferred for humanitarian reasons — like allowing mothers to stay with sick children in the United States — or they have been frozen while an appeal is mounted. The Obama administration put off deportations for thousands of immigrants it did not consider priorities, including Juan, the Bronx electrician, and Guadalupe García de Rayos, the Arizona mother, often law-abiding people with strong ties to their communities.
“Felons, not families; criminals, not children,” President Barack Obama said in 2014, describing the kinds of people he wanted deported.
The government also postponed deportations for people who were likely to face torture if they were sent back.
Some deportations are simply impossible to carry out: About a quarter of the immigrants with outstanding deportation orders come from countries that refuse to take back deportees, including China, Haiti, Brazil and India.
Mr. Trump has threatened to stop issuing visas to people from these countries. In the past, diplomats have urged caution on this front, not wanting to disrupt international relationships over the issue of deportees.
And many people under final orders have slipped through gaping cracks in the immigration system.
Court notices — either mailed to outdated addresses or illegible to Spanish speakers — are routinely missed, leaving judges to issue deportation orders for people who miss their chance to argue their case. Nearly a quarter of judges’ decisions rendered in 2015, for example, involved cases where the immigrant in question was absent.
The months and, sometimes, years it takes for immigration and asylum cases to wind through a clogged court system can cause the authorities to lose track of immigrants living and working in the country, because they have fled or simply moved.
The White House has sought to make it harder for immigrants to be remain free inside the United States while their requests for asylum plod through the courts. They will be detained more often, or asked to wait in Mexico until a judge can rule.
“There are all kinds of things in the system that weren’t built to maximize compliance,” said David A. Martin, a professor of immigration law at the University of Virginia and a former immigration official in the Obama and Clinton administrations. It led to a climate, he said, that has prompted many people to not consider a deportation order a serious matter. “And that’s one of the attitudes that sometimes infuriates, with some justification, people who voted for Donald Trump.”
In a significant break from his predecessor, Mr. Trump is directing immigration agents to go after virtually anyone who is in the United States illegally, ending the reprieve for people who had not been considered priorities. “Ensure that aliens ordered removed from the United States are promptly removed,” one line of Mr. Trump’s executive order on immigration reads, with the crispness of a traffic sign.
“What has been lacking, up until a month ago, is a willingness and a commitment on the part of the administration to actually do it,” said Ira Mehlman, a spokesman for the Federation for American Immigration Reform, which supports stricter immigration controls. “Nothing is easy,” he said, but going after people who already have deportation orders “will be the easiest part of enforcing the president’s removal priorities.”
President George W. Bush’s administration dented the backlog by deploying fugitive teams that were supposed to track down unauthorized immigrants with deportation orders and criminal records. But the strategy drew a backlash when the raids began snaring undocumented immigrants who were not targets.
“That was something that caused a lot of controversy and a lot of anxiety in immigrant communities, because it meant these officers could stop anyone at any time,” said Randy Capps, the director of research at the Migration Policy Institute, a nonpartisan think tank.
Mr. Capps added that while the Obama administration narrowed the scope of such raids, he expected the Trump administration to return to the Bush model.
There is, of course, an easier way to find some people with final orders: Wait for them to walk into ICE offices for their scheduled appointments. Ms. Rayos was driven across the border within hours of her check-in in Phoenix, and her deportation has haunted immigrants with coming appointments ever since.
But the Trump administration has yet to show a consistent hand.
Roxana Orellana Santos, 37, was allowed to walk out of her appointment in Baltimore last week. Ms. Santos, who said she had fled domestic abuse in El Salvador, was arrested in 2008 while eating lunch outdoors, her lawyers say, leading to a civil rights lawsuit that claimed she had been racially profiled.
She had been ordered deported two years before that arrest, after she missed an immigration court hearing. Her lawyers said she could not read the notice, which was in English.
Ms. Santos’s next appointment is in August. “I don’t feel assured of what the outcome’s going to be next time,” she said, adding that she had asked her brother to help her husband care for her four children if she was deported.
In the case of Juan, the electrician, nothing remains to stop the government from acting on the deportation order he first received in 2013. Juan had requested asylum after paramilitary forces in Colombia tried to kill him, he said, but he lost his final appeal the month Mr. Trump was elected president.
“I feel hopeless,” Juan said. “My wife is here, my son is here, they are my world. I have nowhere else to run to. I’ve run out of options. I don’t know what to do.”



ARTICLE
LOS ANGELES — Shortly after dropping off his youngest daughter at school, Romulo Avelica-Gonzalez saw lights flashing from a black car following him, signaling for him to pull over. The car was unmarked and Mr. Avelica, along with his wife and another daughter, who were also in the car, did not know why he was being stopped.
Officers wearing jackets emblazoned with “police” in large yellow letters on their backs emerged and demanded that Mr. Avelica get out of the car. When he asked what he had done wrong, the officers yelled back, “Be quiet, you know you have a deportation order.” Mr. Avelica’s daughter Fatima, 13, and her mother began to cry. As Mr. Avelica, 48, stepped out of the car and was handcuffed, Fatima pulled out her cellphone and began recording the arrest.
“My dad kept telling us to calm down, that everything would be O.K.,” Fatima said in an interview. “I didn’t understand what was happening and how they could have known who he was.”
“Don’t cry,” her mother told her as she filmed. “We have to be strong.”
As news quickly spread of Mr. Avelica’s arrest, local activists and leaders responded with anger and dismay that an arrest could happen so close to a school and in front of a child. Outraged local officials said that the tactics showed a new kind of aggressiveness from immigration agents.
Mr. Avelica’s case is the latest example of the growing tension building in Los Angeles between federal immigration enforcers and local officials. The fraught relationship could continue to fray as the Trump administration ramps up arrests and detentions. Local leaders in California and other parts of the country are increasingly criticizing federal immigration agents, saying their actions threaten to erode the trust between local law enforcement officials and immigrants, whom they depend on to report crimes. California officials have for years declined to help enforce immigration laws, but they do not have the power to stop roundups of immigrants living in the United States illegally.
Mr. Avelica had been convicted of driving under the influence about a decade ago and was ordered deported in 2014. He has lived in the country for nearly 25 years. But it is unclear precisely why immigration officials targeted him for arrest last week.
“It’s very unsettling the way things are being carried out,” said Hilda Solis, a member of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors who represents the neighborhood east of downtown where Mr. Avelica was arrested. “This man was not an immediate danger to the community. The situation is very scary and alarming for so many of our families and there are a lot of implications for that. I think the federal actions are deliberate and they are trying to send a message.”
Battles over immigration enforcement between local and federal officials are playing out in other cities too. The Santa Cruz police chief, Kevin Vogel, accused Department of Homeland Security officials of lying to him after agents arrested several people for immigration violations during a raid on gang members in the city. Law enforcement officials in El Paso and Denver have also raised concerns that victims of domestic violence are no longer coming forward out of fear of being deported. The mayor in Austin, Tex., wrote a letter condemning recent immigration arrests, saying they made the city less safe. This month, the Los Angeles mayor, the City Council president and the city attorney sent a letter to Immigration and Customs Enforcement asking its employees to stop identifying themselves as police.
The day after Mr. Avelica’s arrest, two students from the school his daughters attend, Academia Avance, were stopped by the police. Worried that rumors could spread that they had been stopped by immigration officials, Ricardo Mireles, the executive director of the school, urged students to carry school identification at all times.
That was only the start of Mr. Mireles’s warnings to students. Like other public schools, Academia Avance does not know whether students or their parents immigrated legally. But last week, Mr. Mireles gathered all of the students at the small charter school and urged them to ask their parents whether they are living in the United States legally. During parent conferences in the coming days, he said, teachers will ask parents directly if they have made plans in case they are deported. As far as he knows, Fatima and her sister Yuleni are the first students at the school with a parent who has been placed in deportation proceedings. But he does not think they will be the last.
For now, there is no way to know how many students are undocumented immigrants or have parents who are; Mr. Mireles estimated about 20 percent. But when asked who had undocumented relatives, nearly all of the students in one junior class raised their hands.
“This is a lot to ask of you, to put all this responsibility on you, but there’s no other choice,” he told the class. “You need to be prepared. The fact is that fear is being created and terrorism is being inflicted on our community. This father is not a criminal. He’s a person who has made some mistakes but proven his commitment to the United States.”
After Mr. Mireles spoke to the class, one boy approached him crying, saying that his parents would not allow him to ride his bike outside because they were afraid he could be picked up. Mr. Mireles is not allowing anyone who is not a citizen to participate in a senior class trip to New York, fearful that someone could be detained at an airport.
Initially, immigration officials told Mr. Avelica that he would be deported to Mexico immediately. But lawyers from the National Day Laborer Organizing Network stepped in, pressing local officials to call the field director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement to voice their concerns and asking activists to do the same.
ICE officials said that Mr. Avelica would have been a target under the Obama administration because of his conviction and order of removal. Officers abided by the agency’s sensitive locations policy, which generally restricts arrests in schools, and stopped him about half a mile from the school, not knowing that one of the daughters remained in the car, the officials said.
Since receiving his deportation order, Mr. Avelica has occasionally talked with his children about the possibility that he could be sent back to Mexico. He worked for years in restaurants, 12-hour shifts, six days a week, his family said. He tried to avoid any contact with law enforcement officials. His two adult daughters warned their younger sisters two weeks ago that he could be in danger, but they cut the conversation short before making any specific plans.
Jeff Gorell, the Los Angeles deputy mayor for public safety, said the circumstances of Mr. Avelica’s arrest were concerning enough that he wanted more information. “There’s certainly heightened focus here on the activities of ICE,” he said. “Any incident that affects our neighborhoods with the kind of response that a detention gets of course gives the mayor concern. That’s one of the reasons we called immediately.”
Pablo Alvarado, the executive director of the day labor organization, said the involvement from local officials probably helped keep Mr. Avelica in the country for now. He is being held at a detention center about two hours east of Los Angeles. “Political leaders are trying to understand what’s rhetoric and what’s real, but I think they are starting to see that we’re not just talking about hypothetical,” Mr. Alvarado said. “There are going to be real dilemmas for elected officials about how complicit they are willing to be.”



ARTICLE
OKLAHOMA CITY — A Native American tribe here has filed a lawsuit in its own tribal court system accusing several oil companies of causing an earthquake that damaged near-century-old tribal buildings.
The Pawnee Nation alleges in its lawsuit filed Friday that wastewater injected into wells operated by the defendants caused the 5.8-magnitude quake in September. The tribe is seeking compensation for damage to public and personal property and market value losses, as well as punitive damages.
The case will be heard in the tribe’s district court, with a jury composed of Pawnee Nation members.
“We are a sovereign nation and we have the rule of law here,” said Andrew Knife Chief, the Pawnee Nation’s executive director. “We’re using our tribal laws, our tribal processes, to hold these guys accountable.”
Lawyers representing the 3,200-member tribe in north central Oklahoma say the lawsuit is the first earthquake-related litigation filed in a tribal court. If an appeal were filed in a jury decision, it could be heard by a five-member tribal Supreme Court, and that decision would be final.
“Usually tribes have their own appellate process, and then — and this surprises a lot of people — there is no appeal from a tribal supreme court,” said Lindsay G. Robertson, a law professor at the University of Oklahoma who specializes in federal Indian law.
Once a tribal court judgment is made, it can be taken to a state district court for enforcement just like any other judgment, Professor Robertson said, but that enforcement action would not subject the judgment to any appeals in state court.
Curt Marshall, one of the lawyers representing the Pawnee Nation, said the lawsuit was filed in tribal court primarily so that the Pawnee Nation could assert its sovereignty.
“The tribe has jurisdiction over civil matters to enforce judgments within its jurisdiction, including judgments over non-Indians,” Mr. Marshall said.
While experts say major civil judgments against non-Indians in tribal courts are rare, the United States Supreme Court last year left in place the authority of Native American courts to judge complaints against people who are not tribal members.
Scientists have linked the dramatic spike in earthquakes in Oklahoma to the underground disposal of wastewater that is a byproduct of oil and gas drilling. Oklahoma Corporation Commission regulators have directed oil and gas producers to either close injection wells or reduce the volume of fluids they inject.
The quake, located about nine miles from the center of Pawnee, Okla., damaged buildings across the north-central community of about 2,200 residents. The sandstone facade of some buildings fell and several others were cracked. One man suffered a minor injury when part of a fireplace fell on his head. Oklahoma’s governor declared a state of emergency for the entire county.
A lawyer for Cummings Oil Company in Oklahoma City, one of the companies named in the suit, declined to comment until the filing had been reviewed. Telephone messages left with a lawyer for a second defendant, Eagle Road Oil in Tulsa, were not immediately returned.
Chad Warmington, the president of the Oklahoma Oil and Gas Association, said that while the tribal jurisdiction was unique, the lawsuit itself was not a surprise.
“The oil and gas industry has been the target of significant litigation over the years, so I wouldn’t think it comes as a surprise that there could be potential new litigation,” he said.
Among the tribal structures damaged in the September earthquake is the former Pawnee Nation Indian School, a sandstone building on the National Register of Historic Places that houses the tribe’s administrative offices.
“We have extensive cracks throughout all the walls on every single one of these historic buildings, and the cracks run through the entire width of the walls,” Knife Chief said. “We had mortar pop. We had roofs sag. We have ceilings that are bowing.”
According to the lawsuit, both companies were operating wastewater injection wells on lands within the Pawnee Nation less than 10 miles from the epicenter of the Sept. 3 quake.
From 1980 to 2000, Oklahoma averaged only two earthquakes a year of magnitude 2.7 or higher. That number jumped to about 2,500 in 2014, then to 4,000 in 2015 amid a boom in hydraulic fracturing, or fracking — the process of injecting a high-pressure mix of water, sand or gravel and chemicals into rock to extract oil and gas. It dropped to 2,500 last year, after Oklahoma restricted the volume of wastewater injections, according to a new study by the federal Geological Survey. The agency reported on Wednesday in its annual national earthquake outlook that a large portion of Oklahoma and parts of Central California were at the highest risk for a damaging quake this year.
At least four class-action lawsuits have been filed by the same group of lawyers against various oil companies in Oklahoma connected to large earthquakes dating to 2011. Another lawsuit has been filed on behalf of a Prague, Okla., woman injured when a November 2011 quake toppled a stone chimney in her home.
“We understand the industry is very important to the economy of Oklahoma, and the last thing we want to do is come in and shut the operations down,” said Mr. Marshall, the tribe’s lawyer. “But we do want the oil and gas industry to act responsibly environmentally, and we want them to be held accountable for the damage they’ve created.”



ARTICLE
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — President Trump on Saturday accused former President Barack Obama of tapping his phones at Trump Tower the month before the election, leveling the explosive allegation without offering any evidence.
Mr. Trump called his predecessor a “bad (or sick) guy” on Twitter as he fired off a series of messages claiming that Mr. Obama “had my ‘wires tapped.’” He likened the supposed tapping to “Nixon/Watergate” and “McCarthyism,” though he did not say where he had gotten his information.
A spokesman for Mr. Obama said any suggestion that the former president had ordered such surveillance was “simply false.”
During the 2016 campaign, the federal authorities began an investigation into links between Trump associates and the Russian government, an issue that continues to dog Mr. Trump. His aides declined to clarify on Saturday whether the president’s allegations were based on briefings from intelligence or law enforcement officials — which could mean that Mr. Trump was revealing previously unknown details about the investigation — or on something else, like a news report.
But a senior White House official said that Donald F. McGahn II, the president’s chief counsel, was working to secure access to what Mr. McGahn believed to be an order issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court authorizing some form of surveillance related to Mr. Trump and his associates.
The official offered no evidence to support the notion that such an order exists. It would be a highly unusual breach of the Justice Department’s traditional independence on law enforcement matters for the White House to order it to turn over such an investigative document.
Any request for information from a top White House official about a continuing investigation would be a stunning departure from protocols intended to insulate the F.B.I. from political pressure. It would be even more surprising for the White House to seek information about a case directly involving the president or his advisers, as does the case involving the Russia contacts.
After the White House received heavy criticism for the suggestion that Mr. McGahn would breach Justice Department independence, a different administration official said that the earlier statements about his efforts had been overstated. The official said the counsel’s office was looking at whether there was any legal possibility of gleaning information without impeding or interfering with an investigation. The counsel’s office does not know whether an investigation exists, the official said.
Last month, Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff, came under fire for asking a top F.B.I. official to publicly rebut news reports about contacts between Trump campaign officials and the Russian government.
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said in a statement that the “White House counsel is reviewing what options, if any, are available to us.” Mr. McGahn did not respond to a request for comment. He was traveling on Saturday to Florida to join the president at his estate, Mar-a-Lago.
The president’s decision on Saturday to lend the power of his office to accusations against his predecessor of politically motivated wiretapping — without offering any proof — was remarkable, even for a leader who has repeatedly shown himself willing to make assertions that are false or based on dubious sources.
It would have been difficult for federal agents, working within the law, to obtain a wiretap order to target Mr. Trump’s phone conversations. It would have meant that the Justice Department had gathered sufficient evidence to convince a federal judge that there was probable cause to believe Mr. Trump had committed a serious crime or was an agent of a foreign power, depending on whether it was a criminal investigation or a foreign intelligence one.
Former officials pointed to longstanding laws and procedures intended to ensure that presidents cannot wiretap a rival for political purposes.
“A cardinal rule of the Obama administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice,” said Kevin Lewis, a spokesman for Mr. Obama. “As part of that practice, neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any U.S. citizen.”
Mr. Trump asserted just the opposite in a series of five Twitter messages beginning just minutes before sunrise in Florida, where the president is spending the weekend.
In the first message, the president said he had “just found out” that “Obama had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower” before the election. Mr. Trump’s reference to “wires tapped” raised the possibility that he was referring to some other type of electronic surveillance and was using the idea of phone tapping loosely.
The president was adamant in conversations with several people throughout the day on Saturday that he believed he was right about the wiretaps, according to three people with direct knowledge of those conversations.
Two people close to Mr. Trump said they believed he was referring to a Breitbart News article, which aides said had been passed around among his advisers. Mark Levin, a conservative radio host, had also embraced the theory recently in a push against what right-leaning commentators have been calling the “deep state.”
The Breitbart article, published on Friday, claimed that there was a series of “known steps taken by President Barack Obama’s administration in its last months to undermine Donald Trump’s presidential campaign and, later, his new administration.” Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, once led Breitbart News.
If Mr. Trump was motivated to take to Twitter after reading the Breitbart article or listening to Mr. Levin, he was using a presidential megaphone to spread dark theories of a broad conspiracy aimed at undermining his presidential ambitions, and later his presidency.
Even with the Breitbart article circulating, several of Mr. Trump’s advisers were stunned by the president’s morning Twitter outburst. Those advisers said they were uncertain about what specifically Mr. Trump was referring to; one surmised that he may also have been referring to a months-old news report about a secret surveillance warrant for communications at his New York offices.
One senior law enforcement official from the Obama administration, who has direct knowledge of the F.B.I. investigation into Russia and of government wiretapping, said that it was “100 percent untrue” that the government had wiretapped Mr. Trump. The official, who asked for anonymity to discuss matters related to investigations and intelligence, said the White House owed the American people an explanation for the president’s allegations.
Ben Rhodes, a former top national security aide to Mr. Obama, said in a Twitter message directed at Mr. Trump on Saturday that “no president can order a wiretap” and added, “Those restrictions were put in place to protect citizens from people like you.”
The House and Senate Intelligence Committees are moving forward with their own investigations into Russia’s efforts to influence the election, and they have said they will examine links between Mr. Trump’s associates and the Russians.
Senator Chris Coons, Democrat of Delaware, said on Friday that he believed there were “transcripts” that would help document those contacts, though he said he had not yet seen them.
“There are transcripts that provide very helpful, very critical insights into whether or not Russian intelligence or senior Russian political leaders — including Vladimir Putin — were cooperating, were colluding, with the Trump campaign at the highest levels to influence the outcome of our election,” Mr. Coons told Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC. “I believe they exist.”
In a written statement on Saturday, a spokesman for Mr. Coons said that the senator “did not imply that he is aware of transcripts indicating collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians.” The spokesman, Sean Coit, said Mr. Coons had “simply stated that a full review of all relevant transcripts and intelligence intercepts is necessary to determine if collusion took place.”
The New York Times reported in January that among the associates whose links to Russia are being scrutinized are Paul Manafort, Mr. Trump’s onetime campaign chairman; Carter Page, a businessman and foreign policy adviser to the campaign; and Roger Stone, a longtime Republican operative who said he was in touch with WikiLeaks at one point before it released a trove of emails from John D. Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, last August. Mr. Stone later said he had communicated with WikiLeaks through an intermediary.
Mr. Trump appeared on Saturday to suggest that warrants had been issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. He claimed that the Obama administration had once been “turned down by court” in its supposed efforts to listen in on conversations by Mr. Trump and his associates.
In the fall, the F.B.I. examined computer data showing an odd stream of activity between a Trump Organization server and Alfa Bank, one of Russia’s biggest banks, whose owners have longstanding links to Mr. Putin. While some F.B.I. officials initially believed that the computer activity indicated an encrypted channel between Moscow and New York, the bureau ultimately moved away from that view. The activity remains unexplained.
There is no confirmed evidence that the F.B.I. obtained a court warrant to wiretap the Trump Organization or was capturing communications directly from the Trump Organization.
During the transition, the F.B.I. — which uses FISA warrants to eavesdrop on the communications of foreign leaders inside the United States — overheard conversations between the Russian ambassador to the United States and Michael T. Flynn, whom Mr. Trump had named national security adviser.
Mr. Trump has pointedly and repeatedly questioned in conversations how it was that Mr. Flynn’s conversations were recorded, and wondered who could have issued a warrant.
After The Washington Post reported that Mr. Flynn and the ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak, had discussed sanctions that the Obama administration had just imposed on Russia, Mr. Flynn was pushed out of his post by the White House because he had lied to Vice President Mike Pence about the nature of the calls.
The Breitbart article cited mainstream news reports and concluded — going beyond the public record — that the Obama administration had “obtained authorization to eavesdrop on the Trump campaign; continued monitoring the Trump team even when no evidence of wrongdoing was found; then relaxed the N.S.A. rules to allow evidence to be shared widely within the government.”
Mr. Levin, a day earlier, railed about what he called a “much bigger scandal,” claiming — again with no proof — that Mr. Obama and his aides had used “the instrumentalities of the federal government, intelligence activity, to surveil members of the Trump campaign and put that information out in the public.”
Several senior members of Mr. Trump’s White House staff did not respond to an email requesting on-the-record responses to more than a half-dozen questions about Mr. Trump’s Twitter posts.
Representative Adam B. Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, denounced the “willingness of the nation’s chief executive to make the most outlandish and destructive claims without providing a scintilla of evidence to support them.”
Even some Republican lawmakers questioned Mr. Trump’s accusations. Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska issued a statement demanding that the president reveal everything he knows about any wiretaps or warrants.
“The president today made some very serious allegations, and the informed citizens that a republic requires deserve more information,” Mr. Sasse said, adding that “we are in the midst of a civilization-warping crisis of public trust.”
Taping calls seems to hold a spot in Mr. Trump’s consciousness. He spent many years taping his own phone calls as a businessman. During the campaign, Mr. Trump’s staff members told reporters they feared that their offices were being bugged.
But Mr. Trump’s latest allegations represented a sharp change in his tone toward Mr. Obama.
The current president has frequently spoken about how much he admires Mr. Obama for the gracious way he handled the transition. But since taking office, Mr. Trump has frequently clashed with the intelligence agencies over the Russia inquiries, including efforts to examine the attempts by that country to influence the presidential election and the contacts between Mr. Trump’s aides and the Russian government.
In recent days, the president has appeared increasingly angry about leaks of information that he believes are coming from law enforcement and intelligence officials who are holdovers or recently departed from Mr. Obama’s administration.
People close to Mr. Trump have described him as determined to stop those people from sabotaging his administration. One adviser said on Friday that the president had been discussing a possible plan to try to prevent leaks from occurring. The adviser declined to elaborate on what the plan might entail.
Two senior administration officials said Mr. Trump had tried for two days to find a way to be on an offensive footing against the news articles resulting from leaks; one person close to Mr. Trump said his explosive claim was a result of that.
Mr. Trump’s mood was said to be volatile even before he departed for his weekend in Florida, with an episode in which he vented at his staff. The president’s ire was trained in particular on Mr. McGahn, his White House counsel, according to two people briefed on the matter.
Mr. Trump was said to be frustrated about the decision by Jeff Sessions, his attorney general, to recuse himself from participating in any investigations of connections between the Trump campaign and Russia. Mr. Trump has said there were no such connections. Mr. Trump, who did not learn that Mr. Sessions was recusing himself until after the decision was made, told aides that it gave an opening to his critics on the Russia issue.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — It was a scalding message, painted on a university campus sidewalk this week: “Welcome to the Trump plantation. Overseer: Wayne A. I. Frederick.”
What made the message more jarring still was that Dr. Frederick is the black president of one of the country’s most respected historically black institutions, Howard University, founded here 150 years ago as a bulwark of social justice. Other graffiti on campus buildings said, “Wayne Frederick doesn’t care about black people,” and “Make Howard black again.”
And on Thursday, students disrupted a university convocation to protest what they saw as Howard University’s catering to the Trump administration. One student confronted Dr. Frederick, shouting: “Someone might have convinced you that money is more important than people. But we are asking you, in this moment, to choose us, to take a stand for us, and to do right by us.”
The student backlash came after Dr. Frederick and more than 60 other leaders of historically black colleges and universities gathered for a meeting on Monday with top officials of the Trump administration, including the new education secretary, Betsy DeVos. As the meeting was getting underway, participants said, it was interrupted to invite them to an impromptu visit with President Trump in the Oval Office.
A photograph of the black leaders smiling and chatting with Mr. Trump around his desk was widely circulated and instantly became a flash point for students who believe the administration has been insensitive to the needs of black Americans.
“Is it a photo op, is it an opportunity for Trump to put himself next to black people and smile?” Llewellyn Robinson, a Howard sophomore, said, after the graffiti had been wiped clean. “Is that the situation we’re dealing with? Or is it truly a seat at the table?”
Howard protesters said they had heard echoes of support — in the form of tweets, student organizations reaching out and the exchange of information on group messaging apps — from students at other prominent black institutions like Spelman, Morehouse, Hampton and North Carolina A&T. An aide to one college president said that concerns about how to deal with the protesters had been a topic of intense phone conversations among the leaders.
Many of the black leaders who met with Mr. Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and other members of the administration said that they had no apologies for what they called institution building, a chance to make a personal connection with Mr. Trump in the hope that his administration would invest in the future of their colleges and universities.
“I was not there for any foolishness,” said David Wilson, the president of Morgan State in Baltimore, who said he consulted with student leaders, faculty, alumni and regents before agreeing to the meeting. “I was not there for a photo op with the president. I was not there to make any statement about legitimizing him or not. I was there to make sure that the genre of institutions that has been so critical to building the middle class in this country and that will be critical to maintaining the middle class going forward receive the appropriate amount of federal aid.”
But the students saw the meetings as political cover for Mr. Trump, and some awkward details of his administration’s encounter with the black academic leaders only reinforced their skepticism.
Many saw it as disrespectful when Kellyanne Conway, senior adviser to Mr. Trump, was photographed sitting with her feet tucked under her on a couch in the Oval Office, fiddling with her phone, as Mr. Trump and the black leaders stood in the background.
Ms. DeVos was criticized for saying, in a statement in honor of the meetings, that “H.B.C.U.s are real pioneers when it comes to school choice,” referring to historically black colleges and universities. Some were offended by the implication that black institutions were created as a free-market choice, rather than by necessity because of segregation.
At Thursday’s convocation at Howard, students raised fists and held signs saying, “Trump is Not Welcome @ Howard,” and “Don’t Take Trump Hu$h Money,” before being escorted from the auditorium by security, the students said. As they paraded out, they chanted, “We have nothing to lose but our chains.”
Students said that Dr. Frederick’s visit to the White House had been a topic of conversation in classes all week. Residents of one dorm held a town hall-style meeting on Wednesday night to discuss it.
The protest is a striking departure from the student demonstrations against racial injustice that have roiled campuses for two years because it was focused on White House politics.
The fact that it occurred at Howard, partly under the social media banner #HUResist, may have to do with the university’s location in the nation’s capital, as well as the fact that on Feb. 9, Ms. DeVos made her first official school visit as education secretary to Howard, where she met privately with Dr. Frederick in his office. Howard students also tweeted their disapproval of that visit. The next day, she went to Jefferson Academy, a public school in Washington, where she was met by protesters.
“I think maybe he thinks if he does these photo ops, then Howard will get more money,” Blake Newby, a Howard senior, said of Dr. Frederick on Thursday. “But it’s President Trump!”
Dr. Frederick declined to comment on Thursday. But late Thursday, after the convocation was disrupted, he released a two-page letter to the “Howard University Community” defending his contact with the Trump administration and his meeting on campus with Ms. DeVos. “I can assure you these engagements will occur without compromising our principles,” the letter said.
Many historically black colleges and universities, including Howard, have suffered financial strain in recent years because of changes in federal support and declining interest among black college-bound students. About 300,000 students, not all black, attend historically black colleges and universities, but their share of the black college population dropped to 8 percent in 2014 from 18 percent in 1976, according to federal statistics.
Moody’s Investors Service downgraded Howard’s rating below investment grade in June 2015, largely because of problems supporting its hospital, which is a safety net for poor patients. But Moody’s said the lower rating also reflected competition for price-sensitive students in a narrow niche.
Marybeth Gasman, a historian of education at the University of Pennsylvania, said she thought the meeting did more for Mr. Trump than for the college presidents. “I think this was an opportunity for Donald Trump to say, ‘Look, I had this event with African-American leaders,’ and, ‘Get off my back.’”
“I hate that people feel — that the students feel — a sense of betrayal,” said Walter Kimbrough, the president of Dillard University in New Orleans. “It was a great opportunity to help the new secretary. It was really like an H.B.C.U. 101,” he said.
Johnny C. Taylor Jr., president and chief executive of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund, said his group — which represents 47 publicly supported black colleges and universities — had asked for a meeting with Mr. Trump, and was elated when it was granted. The group had asked for a meeting with President Barack Obama every year for eight years and had never heard back, he said.
“We don’t have a problem getting to the secretary,” Mr. Taylor said. “But Mr. Trump or any president has to first propose their budget to Congress, so you need to get to the president to impact his budget if you hope to get your financial support from Congress.”
He said the meetings had already borne fruit because Mr. Trump had signed an order moving a longstanding initiative supporting historically black colleges and universities from the education department into the White House, where some black leaders thought it would carry more weight.
Some Howard students were more supportive. Nia McGaugh, a sophomore, said she felt the urgency of federal funding, noting that Howard needed more student mental health services.
“President Trump should be aware of what’s going on inside our doors, and we shouldn’t be so hung up on upholding our image when we need help,” she said.
Mr. Taylor said he had actually expected a smaller delegation of presidents to be allowed into the Oval Office, but Mr. Trump had invited them all in.
“It was a sight to see,” he said. “It’s fascinating to me that they don’t see the value and to reduce it to a photo opportunity. I think it’s quite condescending to suggest that really smart people with the best Ph.D.s in the country flew all the way there for a photo op. Come on, guys. Don’t reduce us to that.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration is expected to begin rolling back stringent federal regulations on vehicle pollution that contributes to global warming, according to people familiar with the matter, essentially marking a U-turn to efforts to force the American auto industry to produce more electric cars.
The announcement — which is expected as soon as Tuesday and will be made jointly by the Environmental Protection Agency administrator, Scott Pruitt, and the transportation secretary, Elaine L. Chao — will immediately start to undo one of former President Barack Obama’s most significant environmental legacies.
During the same week, and possibly on the same day, Mr. Trump is expected to direct Mr. Pruitt to begin the more lengthy and legally complex process of dismantling the Clean Power Plan, Mr. Obama’s rules to cut planet-warming pollution from coal-fired power plants.
The regulatory rollback on vehicle pollution will relax restrictions on tailpipe emissions of carbon dioxide and will not require action by Congress. It will also have a major effect on the United States auto industry.
Under the Obama administration’s vehicle fuel economy standards, American automakers were locked into nearly a decade of trying to design and build ever more sophisticated fuel-efficient vehicles, including electric and hybrid models. The nation’s largest auto companies told Mr. Trump last month that they found those technical requirements too burdensome.
The E.P.A. will also begin legal proceedings to revoke a waiver for California that was allowing the state to enforce the tougher tailpipe standards for its drivers.
E.P.A. officials did not respond to emails requesting comment on the move.
On Feb. 21, a coalition of the 17 largest companies that sell cars in the United States sent two letters to Mr. Pruitt, asking him to revisit the tailpipe rules. They said it may be “the single most important decision the E.P.A. has made in recent history.”
They complained about the steep technical challenge posed by the stringent standard, noting that only about 3.5 percent of new vehicles are able to reach it. That even excludes some hybrid cars, plug-in electric cars and fuel cell vehicles, the automakers wrote. “Even today, no conventional vehicle today meets that target.”
The automakers estimated their industry would have to spend a “staggering” $200 billion between 2012 and 2025 to comply and said the tailpipe emissions rule was far more expensive for the industry than enforcing the Clean Power Plan.
Former Obama administration officials and environmentalists denounced Mr. Trump’s expected announcement.
“The rest of the world is moving forward with electric cars. If the Trump administration goes backward, the U.S. won’t be able to compete globally,” said Margo T. Oge, a former senior E.P.A. official and the author of “Driving the Future: Combating Climate Change With Cleaner, Smarter Cars.”
“This means they’ll just keep polluting,” said S. William Becker, the executive director of the National Association of Clean Air Agencies. He also predicted that “if this administration goes after the California waiver, there will be an all-out brawl between Trump and California and the other states that will defend its program.”
The tailpipe pollution regulations were among Mr. Obama’s major initiatives to reduce global warming and were put forth jointly by the E.P.A. and the Transportation Department. They would have forced automakers to build passenger cars that achieve an average of 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025, compared with about 36 miles per gallon today.
Eventually achieving those targets would have drastically reduced the nation’s vehicle tailpipe pollution, which accounts for about a third of the United States’ total greenhouse gas emissions.
Those regulations are locked into place for vehicle model years through 2021, and just before Mr. Trump took office, the E.P.A. put forth a final rule intended to cement them for vehicles built from 2022 through 2025. However, the E.P.A. did not jointly release its plan to do so with the Transportation Department, leaving a legal loophole for the Trump administration to take advantage of.
The E.P.A.’s Clean Power Plan regulations, which would cut climate-warming pollution from power plants, will probably be much harder for Mr. Pruitt to undo. He will have to legally withdraw the existing rule and propose a new rule to replace it, a process that could take up to two years and is expected to be fraught with legal challenges and delays along the way.
The effort to undo the tailpipe standards will be much more legally simple. After withdrawing the Obama administration’s requirement for model years 2022 through 2025, the Trump administration will have a year to put forth an alternative set of efficiency standards, people familiar with the matter said.



ARTICLE
On Jan. 3, Cornell William Brooks, the president of the N.A.A.C.P., was arrested after an hourslong sit-in at the Mobile, Ala., office of Senator Jeff Sessions, demanding that he withdraw his name from consideration to become attorney general in the Trump administration.
On Friday — exactly two months later — he met privately with Mr. Sessions, who was confirmed last month as the attorney general, at his Washington office for what Mr. Brooks described as a polite but candid conversation about voter suppression, police misconduct and civil rights.
Mr. Brooks said in an interview on Friday night that the meeting, arranged at the invitation of Mr. Sessions, did not change any minds but was a chance to impress on the attorney general how the civil rights group sees its mission. “The weight of history is on his shoulders and the Department of Justice,” he said.
He said the overall tenor of the 35-minute private meeting was wait and see, adding, “It’s also wait and work. It’s both.”
Mr. Brooks called the N.A.A.C.P. a partner in the fight for civil rights, but added that the Department of Justice needs to be active, as well. Referring to his organization, Mr. Brooks said, “The mistake would be to consider it the first responder instead of the primary care physician.”
The Justice Department confirmed that Mr. Sessions met with Mr. Brooks on Friday but would not give any details.
Mr. Brooks expressed particular concern with the new administration’s stand regarding a contentious voter identification law in Texas.
The Republican-led Legislature in the state passed one of the toughest voter ID laws in the country in 2011, requiring voters to show a driver’s license, passport or other government-issued photo ID before casting a ballot. The Obama administration’s Justice Department sued the state to block the law in 2013 and scored a major victory last year after a federal appeals court ruled that the law needed to be softened because it discriminated against minority voters who lacked the required IDs.
But the Justice Department under President Trump and Mr. Sessions told a judge on Monday that it was withdrawing its claim that Texas enacted the law with a discriminatory intent.
Mr. Brooks said he understood that a new administration could usher a change in policies or opinions, but he called the Trump administration’s position “a change in fact.”
“That’s very troubling for us,” Mr. Brooks said. “The people expect the Department of Justice to be on the side of the victims of voter suppression, not substantiating the mythology of voter fraud.”
Mr. Sessions indicated this week that the federal government would back away from monitoring troubled police departments, which was a central strategy of the Obama administration to bring accountability to law enforcement agencies at a time of rising racial tensions.
Mr. Brooks said he told Mr. Sessions that some police agencies have officers who “feel they are not accountable” and that consent decrees are a way to get departments to do the right thing.
He noted that Mr. Sessions was from Alabama and, he believed, would have an appreciation for the civil rights struggles that played out in the South.
“Our people bled, sweated and died,” Mr. Brooks said. “I think he understands the depth of our concerns. I think he understands the depth of our resolve.”



ARTICLE
BOSTON — Gov. Charlie Baker has promised that Massachusetts will plug any holes in the budget of the state chapter of Planned Parenthood if Congress moves to block the use of Medicaid funding for treatment at the women’s health care organization.
The move by Mr. Baker, a Republican governor of a Democratic-leaning state, is intended, in part, to signal the gap between his positions and those of the Republican-controlled Congress, many of whose members oppose Planned Parenthood because the organization provides abortions.
Federal laws already prohibit federal money from being used for abortion, but currently allow Medicaid to cover other services, like screening and treatment for cancers and sexually transmitted diseases.
“Governor Baker is a strong supporter of women’s health and believes the commonwealth has a responsibility to ensure access to the important health care services offered by Planned Parenthood in all corners of our state,” the governor’s spokeswoman, Lizzy Guyton, said in a statement on Friday. “The administration is prepared to fund these services should the federal government pursue changes that would block care for women and families here in Massachusetts.”
Currently, about $2 million of the Massachusetts group’s $21.5 million budget comes from reimbursements for services to Medicaid patients. That money covers treatments for some 10,000 patients a year, about a third of its total, Planned Parenthood officials said.
“At a time when extreme politicians in Congress want to block millions of people from accessing essential preventive care at Planned Parenthood health centers, it is reassuring to see Governor Baker put the health and well-being of our communities ahead of politics,” said Dr. Jennifer Childs-Roshak, chief executive of the Planned Parenthood League of Massachusetts.
As the governor of a liberal-leaning state that was the first in the nation to legalize gay marriage more than a decade ago, Mr. Baker has on social issues taken many positions to the left of national Republicans. Last year, he signed a law protecting the rights of transgender people, and he also supports abortion rights.
Even so, the willingness to step in to fill a potential budget gap for Planned Parenthood is a pronounced move for Mr. Baker, a former health care executive who has made reining in the state’s budget a major goal of his administration.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — During the 2016 campaign, Donald J. Trump’s second campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, had regular communications with his longtime associate — a former Russian military translator in Kiev who has been investigated in Ukraine on suspicion of being a Russian intelligence agent.
At the Republican National Convention in July, J. D. Gordon, a former Pentagon official on Mr. Trump’s national security team, met with the Russian ambassador, Sergey Kislyak, at a time when Mr. Gordon was helping keep hawkish language on Russia’s conflict with Ukraine out of the party’s platform.
And Jason Greenblatt, a former Trump Organization lawyer and now a special representative for international negotiations at the White House, met last summer with Rabbi Berel Lazar, the chief rabbi of Russia and an ally of Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin.
In a Washington atmosphere supercharged by the finding of the intelligence agencies that Mr. Putin tried to steer the election to Mr. Trump, as well as continuing F.B.I. and congressional investigations, a growing list of Russian contacts with Mr. Trump’s associates is getting intense and skeptical scrutiny.
Democrats see suspicious connections and inaccurate denials as part of a pattern that belies Mr. Trump’s adamant insistence that he and his associates “have nothing to do with Russia.” The president’s supporters say innocuous encounters, routine for any incoming presidential team, are being treated for political reasons as somehow subversive.
Mr. Trump denounced the furor over Russian connections on Thursday as a “total witch hunt” — but it may not have helped his case that the Russian foreign minister, Sergey V. Lavrov, echoed his words on Friday, saying, “This all looks like a witch hunt.”
On Friday, Mr. Trump posted a picture on Twitter of a meeting between Mr. Putin and Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, and wrote that “we should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin.”
The issue has already had momentous consequences for the new administration. Michael T. Flynn lasted less than a month as national security adviser before being forced out for mischaracterizing his conversations with Mr. Kislyak. This week, Attorney General Jeff Sessions admitted to having meetings with Mr. Kislyak that he had not disclosed during his confirmation hearing.
Mr. Sessions fended off demands that he resign but agreed to recuse himself from what may be the most important investigation his Justice Department is conducting: of Russian meddling in the election and whether any of Mr. Trump’s associates colluded in those efforts. And that did not end the issue; all nine Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee called on Friday for Mr. Sessions to testify about his inaccurate denials that he had met with Russian officials during the campaign.
Part of the problem underlying disputes over such contacts may be Mr. Trump’s pugnacious style, which usually leaves little room for nuance. At a news conference last month, he said that he had “nothing to do with Russia,” and that “to the best of my knowledge, no person that I deal with does.”
In fact, vigorous reporting by multiple news media organizations is turning up multiple contacts between Trump associates and Russians who serve in or are close to Mr. Putin’s government. There have been courtesy calls, policy discussions and business contacts, though nothing has emerged publicly indicating anything more sinister. A dossier of allegations on Trump-Russia contacts, compiled by a former British intelligence agent for Mr. Trump’s political opponents, includes unproven claims that his aides collaborated in Russia’s hacking of Democratic targets.
Current and former American officials have said that phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Mr. Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election.
Former diplomats and Russia specialists say it would have been absurd and contrary to American interests for the Trump team to avoid meetings with Russians, either during or since the campaign.
John R. Beyrle, the United States ambassador to Moscow from 2008 to 2012, said he feared that “we’re beginning to out-Russian the Russians” by treating all contacts as suspicious. When he returns to Russia now, he said, “this real anti-Western, anti-American frenzy” prompts some old acquaintances to refuse to meet him because they worry about being tagged as too friendly to the United States.
“That’s the last behavior we should model — that simply meeting with a Russian official is wrong, without any knowledge of what was said,” Mr. Beyrle said.
In a possible sign that Mr. Trump hopes to put behind him the impression that he is an uncritical admirer of Mr. Putin, he is expected to name Fiona Hill, a respected Brookings scholar, to the top Russia post at the National Security Council, according to administration officials.
Ms. Hill, who served as national intelligence officer for Russia and Eurasia from 2006 to 2009, is viewed as a Putin skeptic, if not as outspoken in her criticism of the Russian leader as are some other academics. Angela Stent, a Russia expert at Georgetown, said Ms. Hill was “realistic about Putin” and praised the 2013 book she wrote with Clifford G. Gaddy, “Mr. Putin: Operative in the Kremlin,” as the best biography of the Russian leader.
It might take a Russia scholar to unpack the significance of particular meetings that are now coming to light in the glare of investigations and bare-knuckle politics.
Rabbi Lazar, who has condemned critics of Mr. Putin’s actions in Ukraine, is the leader of the Hasidic Chabad-Lubavitch group in Russia, where it is a powerful organization running dozens of schools and offering social services across the country, while maintaining links to a lucrative financial donor network.
Mr. Greenblatt, who handled outreach to Jews for the campaign, said that Rabbi Lazar was one of several Chabad leaders he had met during the campaign. He said the two men did not discuss broader United States-Russia relations and called the meeting “probably less than useful.”
Rabbi Lazar said they had spoken about anti-Semitism in Russia, Russian Jews in Israel and Russian society in general. While he meets with Mr. Putin once or twice a year, he said, he never discussed his meeting with Mr. Greenblatt with Kremlin officials.
Joshua Nass, a public relations executive in New York, confirmed arranging the meeting between Mr. Lazar and Mr. Greenblatt.
Mr. Gordon, the former Pentagon official, portrayed his meeting with Mr. Kislyak at the Republican convention — first reported by USA Today — as similarly unremarkable. After a panel discussion, he said, he spoke briefly with “dozens of ambassadors and senior diplomats” including Mr. Kislyak. During a brief chat with the ambassador, Mr. Gordon said, he “repeated some of the points made by the campaign on the importance of improving relations with Russia” but did not get into substantive policy matters.
At a meeting to draft the Republican platform, Mr. Gordon, representing Mr. Trump’s views, opposed a delegate who wanted to call for providing “lethal defensive weapons” to Ukraine. Mr. Gordon said that proposal “was soundly defeated by the other delegates in the national security subcommittee meeting.”
There was no connection, he insisted, between his chat with Mr. Kislyak and the platform language. “Unfortunately some in the media have repeatedly tried to connect the dots where there was nothing to connect,” he said.
The case of Konstantin V. Kilimnik, who was previously the Kiev manager of Mr. Manafort’s consulting company, Davis Manafort International, is more complicated. A dual citizen of Russia and Ukraine, Mr. Kilimnik worked years ago as a translator in the Russian military. He was hired by Mr. Manafort in 2005 after he was dismissed from the Moscow office of the International Republican Institute, an American democracy-building group, amid concerns that he was informing on its activities, according to a former employee, who said he could not speak publicly about personnel matters.
From August until December of last year, Mr. Kilimnik was at least formally under investigation in Ukraine on suspicion of ties to Russian spy agencies, according to documents from Ukraine’s Parliament and the prosecutor general. A defense lawyer and a former Ukrainian prosecutor characterized the investigation as unserious and politically motivated, and the inquiry closed without charges against Mr. Kilimnik.
Mr. Kilimnik, in an interview in Kiev, said he had never been questioned by Ukrainian law enforcement over connections to Russian spy agencies. “If there were any truth to me talking to any security service in the world, they would arrest me,” he said.
In a recent interview, Mr. Manafort said he thought there was no chance Mr. Kilimnik was a Russian agent. In their phone calls last summer, he said, the two men discussed a range of matters — including news media reports that Russia was behind the hacking of Democratic targets. But at the time, he said, he and other Trump campaign officials had no idea who was responsible for the cyberattacks.



ARTICLE
President Trump was still upbeat Wednesday night, as he settled into dinner in the White House residence with his secretary of state, Rex W. Tillerson, some 24 hours after giving the most consequential speech of his brief presidency.
But not long afterward, the glow from Mr. Trump’s best day in office began to fade with the breaking news that his attorney general, Jeff Sessions, had met with the Russian ambassador during the 2016 campaign. Mr. Sessions failed to mention those conversations in his Senate confirmation hearing, or, according to presidential advisers, to tell Mr. Trump at all.
The story overshadowed Mr. Trump’s visit the next day to the aircraft carrier Gerald R. Ford, a classic presidential opportunity to highlight his role as commander in chief. And by the time he got back to the White House on Thursday night, the president let his frustration show.
In a statement repeating a familiar critique that Democrats were on a “witch hunt” over the administration’s ties with Russia, Mr. Trump offered a passing but pointed public jab at how Mr. Sessions had handled the matter. “He could have stated his response more accurately,” Mr. Trump said.
For Mr. Trump, it was the latest unforeseen obstacle preventing him from gaining traction after a historically bumpy first month in office that has been marked by massive national protests, the dismissal of his national security adviser, and historically low approval ratings.
The president was irritated that Mr. Sessions did not more carefully answer the questions he was asked under oath, according to people who spoke with him. His larger frustration, however, was not with Mr. Sessions, but with whoever revealed the meetings to reporters for The Washington Post.
Mr. Trump, according to his advisers inside and outside of the White House, has felt besieged by what he regards as a mostly hostile bureaucracy, consisting in part of Democrats and people who opposed his election who are now undermining his presidency with leaks. He believes that they are behind the stories about confusion and dysfunction in his administration and, most of all, that they have made his relationship with Russia a recurring issue.
“That is the real story,” said Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump, when asked for comment on how the White House views the constant string of stories based on what they have called leaks. Several of those stories have raised questions about ties between the president’s 2016 campaign and Russian officials.
Allies of Mr. Trump say his sense of being surrounded by hostile forces will be relieved once his own appointments fill the thousands of political jobs that have not yet been filled. But people close to Mr. Trump concede that the White House’s sluggish hiring process, in which insufficient work was done to tap people for key deputy roles at major agencies during the transition process, is a large part of the problem.
“Any new administration takes a while to get their sea legs,” said Charlie Black, a veteran Republican lobbyist. But he added that for Mr. Trump’s administration, “a big part of it is the lack of personnel political appointees around the government.”
In the meantime, Mr. Black and other Republicans said that Mr. Trump had to avoid the trap of fighting all fights, no matter how small.
“The Trump team needs to better stay on the offense with their reform agenda, take out the trash, and get on with governing,” said Scott Reed, the top political strategist for the United States Chamber of Commerce, in a typical critique.
Mr. Trump’s aides were heartened by his relative calm even amid the flap around Mr. Sessions. And he stayed on message during his appearance on the Gerald R. Ford and on Friday in an appearance in Florida, declining to weigh in then as new reports emerged about previously undisclosed meetings between additional advisers and the Russian ambassador.
Mr. Trump is not one to spare the blame when he has hit difficult patches in the past, and his rebuke of Mr. Sessions reflected that. So did his public jab at his press secretary, Sean Spicer, for his attempt to trace leaks from his communications staff members by examining their cellphones. Mr. Trump told Fox News that he personally would have done that type of search “differently.”
But the stories related to Russia are of a different order of magnitude.
During the transition he publicly called out the intelligence community for being behind the leaks and at one point, he compared them to smears conducted by the Nazis in the 1940s. More recently, he has blamed Democrats bitter over the defeat of Hillary Clinton.
But while Mr. Trump puts the blame on leakers for his administration’s rough start, it has not helped that the White House has been distracted by internecine skirmishes, partly dictated by lingering tensions between long-serving advisers and aides to the Republican National Committee, who came to work for the president after he tapped the committee’s chairman, Reince Priebus, as his chief of staff.
In the midst of it, Mr. Trump, who has a famously short attention span, has at times had trouble staying on course. He is pondering a broader response to the Russia issue, people close to him say, but he is so far stymied by opponents he can’t see, but who have clearly knocked him off track.
On Friday, Mr. Trump tried to go back on the offensive with two Twitter messages, one about Chuck Schumer, the Senate minority leader, and the other about Nancy Pelosi, the House minority leader, and their meetings with Vladimir V. Putin, the Russian president, and Sergey I. Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the United States.
Instead of the intemperate messages that Mr. Trump has often deployed, he had help from the White House social media team in crafting the Twitter posts. But in doing it, he ended the week by breathing more oxygen into the Russia issue.
Such daily skirmishes might satisfy the need to fight back, but Republicans who want him to succeed caution that Mr. Trump’s fate as president will lie in his actual accomplishments.
“If they get some legislative successes, they’ll be fine,” said Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma, “and if they don’t, that’s when the real trouble begins.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — It was a stroke of luck that landed Neil M. Gorsuch in the chambers of Justice Anthony M. Kennedy on a summer day nearly a quarter-century ago.
Then 25 and fresh off a year at Oxford, Judge Gorsuch had been hired by Justice Byron R. White for the most coveted apprenticeship in American law — a Supreme Court clerkship. But because Justice White had retired, Judge Gorsuch was also assigned, by happenstance, to Justice Kennedy, the longtime center of power at the Supreme Court.
His year as a clerk, beginning in the summer of 1993, gave Judge Gorsuch a privileged look at the court’s workings and a crash course in its unrelenting caseload and internal politics. As Judge Brett M. Kavanaugh of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, and a fellow law clerk to Justice Kennedy that year, observed, “We were in the middle of everything.”
It also produced something else: a lasting bond between an ambitious, already staunchly conservative clerk and a justice, three decades his senior, whose style and temperament appear to have rubbed off on him, even if the justice’s more moderate views did not.
Almost 25 years later, as Judge Gorsuch, now 49, awaits his own confirmation to the court, his relationship with Justice Kennedy has become a matter of intense interest, as both Democrats and Republicans look for evidence of how it might shape the court’s near future.
The White House hopes the bond matters to Justice Kennedy, too. In choosing Judge Gorsuch to replace Justice Antonin Scalia and floating the names of other former Kennedy clerks for the next Supreme Court vacancy, administration officials have sought to reassure Justice Kennedy, 80, that the court will be in good hands should he choose to retire and open a seat for another, younger justice.
While Judge Gorsuch learned a great deal in Justice Kennedy’s chambers, the lessons seem to have been more personal than political.
“There were a lot of ideologues both left and right, and he wasn’t one of them,” said Stephen F. Smith, who served as a law clerk to Justice Clarence Thomas that same term and is now a law professor at the University of Notre Dame. “He was careful, quiet.”
Judge Gorsuch’s critics say his own mild and courteous manner masks a fierce commitment to a right-wing agenda, and political scientists say he is likely to vote with the court’s most conservative justices rather than with Justice Kennedy. In closely divided cases, Justice Kennedy often holds the crucial vote, and he generally leans right. He wrote the majority opinion, for instance, in the Citizens United campaign finance case.
But in recent years, Justice Kennedy has joined the court’s four-member liberal wing in major cases establishing a right to same-sex marriage, protecting abortion rights and upholding affirmative action.
“It’s safe to say that little of Justice Kennedy rubbed off on him when it comes to certain critical areas of the law,” Nan Aron, the president of the Alliance for Justice, a liberal group, said of Judge Gorsuch.
On the federal appeals court in Denver for more than a decade, Judge Gorsuch has cited Justice Kennedy by name from time to time. But he has been much more likely to cite Justice Scalia.
To his fellow law clerks, Judge Gorsuch was neither particularly dogmatic nor calculating. Instead, interviews with more than a dozen clerks and a review of papers housed at the Library of Congress paint a picture of someone with a dogged work ethic, an understated but appealing presence and a sense of fairness tempered by cautious judgment.
Justice Kennedy taught his law clerks by example, Judge Kavanaugh said, instilling in them an independent frame of mind and a “gentlemanly tone.”
“A lot of us have tried to emulate that in our careers,” Judge Kavanaugh said. “Neil has exemplified that better than anybody.”
Judge Gorsuch arrived at the court in the summer of 1993 in the aftermath of a bruising term. The fallout of a divisive abortion case, Planned Parenthood v. Casey, had left the justices eager to produce a quieter one in its wake.
Judge Gorsuch’s term at the court was not without notable decisions; the court issued significant rulings on discrimination in jury selection, protests outside abortion clinics, voting rights, religious schools and copyright infringement for song parodies. But none qualified as a blockbuster.
Though he worked in the chambers of Justice Kennedy as a “step clerk,” as well as for Justice White (retired justices remain entitled to a clerk), idiosyncratic hiring practices may have helped him.
“Look, there are a hundred people a year that could do the job adequately,” Justice White once said, according his biographer, Dennis J. Hutchinson. “I might as well have someone who’s interesting, and that doesn’t mean the ones the fancy law professors recommend.”
That Justice White was partial to candidates from his home state, Colorado, and who had spent time at Oxford, where the justice had been a Rhodes Scholar, most likely helped Judge Gorsuch’s application stand out, said two law clerks who worked for Justice White, David D. Meyer and John C. P. Goldberg.
“Justice White probably would have seen echoes of himself in a way in Neil,” said Mr. Meyer, who is now the dean of Tulane University Law School.
Todd C. Peppers, who teaches at Roanoke College and has written extensively about Supreme Court law clerks, said Judge Gorsuch’s academic credentials might have glittered just a little less brightly than those of some of the clerks hired by active justices.
“He did not serve as an editor on The Harvard Law Review,” Professor Peppers said. “Moreover, he ‘only’ graduated cum laude — which suggests that his grades might not have been as high as the typical Supreme Court law clerk.”
Even clerks who worked for a single justice remembered a merciless workload. “It was the definition of a 24/7 job,” said Landis C. Best, who worked for Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and is now a partner at Cahill Gordon & Reindel in New York.
Judge Gorsuch cut an impressive, if not particularly ideological, figure. Surrounded by a class of elite law graduates that included a handful of future federal judges and acclaimed academics, his “quiet intelligence” was notable, said Louis Feldman, who clerked for Justice Scalia that year.
“Some people just have that aura around them,” Mr. Feldman said. “You know this is someone who has the ability and the personality to go far in the legal world.”
Mostly, Judge Gorsuch was affable and unflappable. He was not, by several former colleagues’ accounts, a member of the regular pickup basketball games in the Supreme Court’s fifth-floor gym, known around the building as the “highest court in the land.” But he was a regular at clerk social events and occasional lunches hosted by each of the justices.
“He seemed very calm, measured, thoughtful, polite, gentlemanly — very much like what one notices about him now,” said Eugene Volokh, who clerked for Justice Sandra Day O’Connor and now teaches at the University of California, Los Angeles.
“He fit into the place very easily,” said Judge Kavanaugh, who is himself on the White House’s short list for the next Supreme Court vacancy. “He’s just an easy guy to get along with. He doesn’t have sharp elbows.”
Justice Kennedy, like most justices then and now, assigned his law clerks to a shared labor pool that streamlined the work of reviewing incoming cases to make recommendations about which petitions should be granted.
Judge Gorsuch’s memorandums, which are available in the papers of Justice Harry A. Blackmun, were thorough and fair-minded.
In one, there are glimmers of the light touch that would characterize his later writing. In summarizing a petition from a civil servant fired by the Army, Judge Gorsuch seemed to suppress a smile. “Petitioner discusses at length General William Tecumseh Sherman’s decision to march through Georgia,” he wrote, “and then turns to describe in detail the technology of modern attack helicopters.”
Though his conservative political views were already well developed when he arrived at the court, Judge Gorsuch gave little overt indication of his positions as he researched and discussed cases in Justice Kennedy’s chambers.
“We had a wide range of views, but we all really got along well,” Judge Kavanaugh said of the five clerks that term, who were chosen in part to represent different points on the political spectrum.
When in 2006 Judge Gorsuch joined the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit, Justice Kennedy administered the oath to him in Denver and delivered a reminder of that principle.
Explaining its significance to the judge’s two young daughters, Justice Kennedy said, “He’s doing it to remind all of us that the first obligation any American has is to defend and protect the Constitution of the United States.”



ARTICLE
BOSTON — Hundreds of students at Middlebury College in Vermont shouted down a controversial speaker on Thursday night, disrupting a program and confronting the speaker in an encounter that turned violent and left a faculty member injured.
Laurie L. Patton, the president of the college, issued an apology on Friday to all who attended the event and to the speaker, Charles Murray, 74, whose book “The Bell Curve,” published in 1994, linked lower socio-economic status with race and intelligence.
“Today our community begins the process of addressing the deep and troubling divisions that were on display last night,” Ms. Patton said in her statement, adding that the Middlebury community had “failed to live up to our core values.” She said that some of the protesters appeared to be from elsewhere but that Middlebury students had also been involved.
The chaotic scene at the small liberal arts college in Vermont drew sharp criticism from the right. Conservatives said that the students were intolerant, had engaged in mob mentality and were quashing free speech, while those on the left maintained that the speaker was racist and hateful and had no place on their campus.
The left-leaning Southern Poverty Law Center describes Mr. Murray as a “white nationalist” who uses “racist pseudoscience and misleading statistics to argue that social inequality is caused by the genetic inferiority of the black and Latino communities, women and the poor.”
As word spread on Friday about the confrontation, commentators weighed in. Bill Kristol, the conservative analyst and editor at large of The Weekly Standard, said on Twitter:
Brit Hume, the Fox News analyst, wrote:
But an open letter to the college from more than 450 alumni objecting to Mr. Murray’s presence on campus said it was not a matter of free speech. The letter, written before Thursday’s event, said that his views were offensive and based on shoddy scholarship and that they should not be legitimized.
“In this case, there’s not really any ‘other side,’ only deceptive statistics masking unfounded bigotry,” the letter said.
Ms. Patton, the Middlebury president, said in her apology that there had been “clear violations of Middlebury College policy” against disrupting events, with penalties up to and including suspension. University officials said they were investigating both the disruptions inside the building and the violence outside.
Bill Burger, a spokesman for the college, said in an interview: “There are people who are eager to portray college students or the entire higher education establishment as hopelessly out of touch, a bastion of liberal indoctrination, and I think that’s fundamentally false. However, events like last night’s do feed that false narrative.”
Mr. Murray had been invited to the campus by the American Enterprise Institute Club, a group of about a dozen generally conservative-leaning students.
Hayden Dublois, 21, a senior and treasurer of the club, said that the students had thought Mr. Murray — whose 2012 book, “Coming Apart,” examines the white working class — would be interesting to hear in light of the presidential election.
But when Mr. Murray rose to speak, he was shouted down by most of the more than 400 students packed into the room, several witnesses said. Many turned their backs to him and chanted slogans like “Racist, sexist, anti-gay, Charles Murray go away!”
After almost 20 minutes, it was clear that he would not be able to give his speech, said Mr. Burger, the spokesman. Anticipating that such an outcry might happen, Mr. Murray was moved to a separate room equipped with a video camera so that Allison Stanger, a Middlebury professor of international politics and economics, could interview him over a live stream. Mr. Burger said the administration felt strongly that Mr. Murray’s right to free speech should be protected and that “no one should have the heckler’s veto.”
Once the interview began in the second room, protesters swarmed into the hallway, chanting and pulling fire alarms. Still, the interview was completed and officials, including Ms. Stanger, escorted Mr. Murray out the back of the building.
There, several masked protesters, who were believed to be outside agitators, began pushing and shoving Mr. Murray and Ms. Stanger, Mr. Burger said. “Someone grabbed Allison’s hair and twisted her neck,” he said.
After the two got into a car, Mr. Burger said, protesters pounded on it, rocked it back and forth, and jumped onto the hood. Ms. Stanger later went to a hospital, where she was put in a neck brace.
Mr. Dublois, the student, said he was disappointed. “To see protests, which really developed into riots — which is what they were — was incredibly shameful and embarrassing.”
The car drove off to a dinner nearby, but officials say they learned that protesters intended to disrupt it, so they drove to a restaurant out of town.



ARTICLE
ORANGE COUNTY, Fla. — President Trump on Friday hailed a Florida school tuition assistance program as the future of education, joining Betsy DeVos, his education secretary, at a Catholic elementary classroom to kick off an intense political battle on behalf of school choice in America.
The president and Ms. DeVos, who for years championed school vouchers as an antidote to failing schools and falling test scores, met with parents, teachers and students at St. Andrew Catholic School, which has embraced a Florida program that uses public money to allow low-income students to attend private schools.
Hundreds of low-income students, many of them African-Americans, attend the private religious school thanks to tuition assistance from the Florida Tax Credit scholarship program. Critics say it diverts money that would otherwise go to the state’s public school system.
Tuition at the school, just outside Orlando, is normally $6,260 per year, according to the school’s website. The Florida scholarship program allows businesses in the state to receive tax credits for donating to nonprofit scholarship organizations that give tuition assistance for students to attend schools like St. Andrew. The families’ portion of the tuition bill varies.
The program’s goals, according to the website, are to “expand education opportunities for children from families that have limited financial resources; and to enable children to achieve a greater level of excellence in their education.”
Such programs are at the heart of the promised changes that Ms. DeVos and Mr. Trump have said they will bring to federal education policy.
But they are seen by teachers unions and many Democrats as destructive to the health of public education systems, offering a false promise of choice while undermining the financial stability of public schools.
Democrats assailed Ms. DeVos for her support of vouchers during her contentious Senate confirmation hearing. But Friday’s visit to the religious school is a clear indication that she has no intention of backing down from her longstanding advocacy of the idea.
She also has the clear backing of the president, who said during his address to Congress this week that he would seek to “enrich the mind, and the souls” of children across the country.
“I am calling upon members of both parties to pass an education bill that funds school choice for disadvantaged youth, including millions of African-American and Latino children,” Mr. Trump said in the speech. “These families should be free to choose the public, private, charter, magnet, religious or home school that is right for them.”
At the school on Friday, Mr. Trump stopped in on a fourth-grade classroom where the teacher, Jane Jones, was giving a lesson about the state of Florida. The vocabulary list on the wall included definitions for “Government. US Constitution. Limit. President. Governor. Naturalization.”
“Who are we?” Latrina Peters-Gipson, the school’s principal, asked after Mr. Trump entered the room.
“We are scholars,” the students responded.
“What are our goals? Where are we going?” Ms. Peters-Gipson asked.
“College and heaven,” they said in unison.
The president posed for pictures with two of the young children, telling them, “Come on, kids. We’re going to make you famous.” As he left the classroom, he complimented two of the African-American girls.
“Oh, that hair is beautiful. I love that hair, right?” the president said.
St. Andrew school teaches children from kindergarten to eighth grade. It enrolls 291 students through Florida’s tax credit scholarship program, out of a total school enrollment of 340. In an opinion article in the Orlando Sentinel on Thursday, Ms. Peters-Gipson said the school offered “a rigorous blend of academics and faith.”
“The parents who come through our doors don’t tend to see public and private as somehow in conflict,” she said. “They’re just looking for the school that will best serve their children.”
At a round-table discussion with Mr. Trump after his visit to the classroom, Ms. Peters-Gipson and others praised the success of the scholarship program. Henry Fortier, the superintendent of Catholic schools, said that graduates of the Florida scholarship program statewide scored higher than other public school students on the SAT and had high graduation rates.
“I know that there’s a lot of controversy about school choice,” Mr. Fortier told the president. But he added: “I see it as a partnership. It’s not a situation of us versus them.”
But teachers’ groups argue that the Florida efforts to provide choice harm the state’s public schools by reducing taxpayer support for schools that are struggling, leaving the students who remain in them worse off.
Randi Weingarten, the president of the American Federation of Teachers, said in a statement that the president and the education secretary were demonstrating an “antipathy” toward public schools. “It’s sad that rather than listening to the public they are sworn to represent and who have a deep connection to public schools, Trump and DeVos’ first official joint trip is to a religious school, which they use as a backdrop for their ideological crusade,” she said.
Despite the fierce opposition from teachers and Democrats, Mr. Trump has said he will ask Congress to pass a school choice law that will clear the way for more programs like the one in Florida.
During the round-table discussion at the school, Mr. Trump quoted the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. as saying that he hoped inferior education would become a thing of the past. The president said that working toward a national school choice policy would help make that a reality.
“Betsy’s going to lead the charge, right?” Mr. Trump said, turning to his education secretary.
“You bet,” she said.



ARTICLE
A Michigan college student with a deadly peanut allergy was the victim of a hazing ritual in which he was daubed in the face with peanut butter at an off-campus party, spurring a severe reaction that left him with swollen eyes, officials and the man’s mother said.
The police in Mount Pleasant, Mich., said they were investigating the October encounter involving youths who said they were members of the Alpha Chi Rho fraternity at Central Michigan University and the student, Andrew Seely, 19.
Law enforcement authorities and university officials found out about the hazing this week, after Mr. Seely’s mother, Teresa Seely, wrote about it and posted a photograph of her son’s distorted face on Facebook.
“He could have been killed,” she wrote, adding that he carried medicine to counteract accidental exposure to peanuts.
“We will be investigating,” Capt. Andy Latham of the Mount Pleasant Police said by telephone. He added that the authorities had not yet spoken to Mr. Seely, who transferred to another school, but that they were contacted on Wednesday by the family’s lawyer.
Ms. Seely wrote in the post that her son had a “deadly” peanut allergy and had passed out at the party. When he came to, she said, he discovered that his eyes, nose and lips had ballooned because peanut butter had been rubbed on his face.
Ms. Seely said he was treated at a campus clinic. He told his family only this week about the hazing, she said, after which she called the campus police, the Mount Pleasant police and university officials.
Ms. Seely could not be reached by telephone on Friday.
Heather Smith, a spokeswoman for the university, said the fraternity had not been active on campus since 2011 because of previous hazing. She said campus officials heard about Mr. Seely’s experience through his mother’s social media post.
University police do not have jurisdiction over the off-campus party, according to Ms. Smith, but the university could investigate any violations of the student code of conduct if Mr. Seely reached out.
“It is a potential criminal matter,” she said. “It is obviously a very concerning situation.”
The national headquarters of Alpha Chi Rho, which said in a statement on Friday that it had revoked the chapter’s charter in 2011 because of hazing, added that the people involved in Mr. Seely’s case “were not members” of the fraternity and “acted independently.”
“Alpha Chi Rho does not condone this type of behavior, or any form of hazing, and it stands in conflict with our mission to cultivate men of character, honor and integrity,” the statement added.
The television station WDIV in Detroit quoted an unidentified fraternity member as saying: “We were just trying to be funny, just guys hanging out, and we used peanut butter and put some on his face. We didn’t know he was allergic,” the member said. “We were not trying to harm him in any sense.”
Officials have been trying to stamp out the kind of campus activities and rituals that lead to Mr. Seely’s allergy attack, as university and high school students find disturbingly creative ways to haze others. Students trying to join fraternities, sororities, clubs or athletic teams have been tied up, blindfolded and sexually abused. Others have been forced to binge drink until death, and others have even been fatally beaten.
While there are no official government databases on hazing cases and their outcomes, university professors keep their own statistics, and put in place policies to control the practice. According to a chronology of cases kept by Hank Nuwer, a journalism professor at Franklin College in Indiana, there has been at least one hazing death every year from 1969 to 2016 at United States colleges and high schools.
“I would say there are thousands of hazings every day, most of which are not reported,” said Susan Lipkins, a psychologist and expert on the practice. “And each year hazing gets worse. A rookie wants to enter the group, and you become a bystander and watch others, and eventually become a perpetrator.”
Dr. Lipkins said that in some cases, members of banned fraternities recolonize off-campus and operate in unofficial, self-designated groups. She said she had no direct knowledge of Mr. Seely’s case, but believed it was most likely that the group had advance knowledge that he had an allergy.
“It is not a typical hazing activity,” she said. “Of all the hazing activities, I have not heard of peanut butter on the face.”
In 2012, a 26-year-old drum major died after a brutal hazing ritual at Florida A&M University in which he was pummeled with hands, drumsticks, bass drum mallets, straps and even an orange cone by at least 15 band members on a bus.
The cause of death was “hemorrhagic shock caused by blunt-force trauma,” the medical examiner said.



ARTICLE
The state of Arkansas plans to put to death eight inmates over a span of 10 days next month, a pace of executions unequaled in recent American history and brought about by a looming expiration date for a drug used by the state for lethal injections.
The eight men facing execution — four black and four white — are among 34 death row inmates in Arkansas, where capital punishment has been suspended since 2005 over legal challenges and difficulty in acquiring the drugs for lethal injections.
All eight men were convicted of murders that occurred between 1989 and 1999, and proponents of the death penalty and victims’ rights in the state have been frustrated that the cases have dragged on so long.
At a news conference this week, Gov. Asa Hutchinson, a Republican and former federal prosecutor, seemed to regret that the executions were so closely stacked.
“I would love to have those extended over a period of multiple months and years, but that’s not the circumstances that I find myself in,” said Mr. Hutchinson, who took office in 2015. “And, again, the families of the victims that have endured this for so many years deserve a conclusion to it.”
In a statement on Friday, Mr. Hutchinson said that it was necessary to schedule the executions close together because of doubts about the future availability of one of three drugs the state uses in its lethal-injection procedure. State officials have previously said that the expiration date would pass in April for Arkansas’s supply of midazolam, a drug that has been used in several botched and gruesome lethal injections in other states in recent years.
Amid the controversy generated by such cases, a number of pharmaceutical companies have restricted their drugs from use for capital punishment. Some states have had difficultly finding midazolam. Arizona announced last year it would stop using it in part because of the logistical challenges.
“It is uncertain as to whether another drug can be obtained,” Mr. Hutchinson said in the statement, “and the families of the victims do not need to live with continued uncertainty after decades of review.”
This week, the governor signed proclamations setting four execution dates for the eight inmates between April 17 and 27. Two men would be put to death on each of the four dates. If Arkansas follows that timetable, it will be at a rate unmatched by any state since the United States resumed the death penalty in 1977, according to the Death Penalty Information Center, a nonprofit research group that opposes capital punishment.
In 1997, Texas came close, putting eight inmates to death in May and again in June, but not over such a short number of days, the group said.
Critics of midazolam’s use in executions say it is a sedative, not an anesthetic, and is thus misapplied as a first round of lethal injection shots, with inmates sometimes able to feel pain from the subsequent lethal drugs that are administered. In one high-profile case in Oklahoma, a convict named Clayton D. Lockett, who was administered midazolam, died 43 minutes after the injections were started and appeared to struggle and moan.
The Arkansas Department of Correction has not refilled its stock of potassium chloride, the third and fatal drug administered in an execution, but a spokesman for Mr. Hutchinson said the governor had confidence the department would acquire it in time for the April executions.
Brian Stull, a senior staff attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union, argued that something was more likely to go wrong with so many executions scheduled so close together.
“Each of these prisoners is a person with rights that have to be honored, and each execution is a process that needs to be planned and handled with care and close attention to detail,” he said. “And that’s just impossible for Arkansas on this schedule. Because they’re trying to do too much, too quickly, with too little preparation. It’s likely to lead to botched executions.”
The lawyers for the condemned men say some legal avenues of appeal are still available. Their lengthy appeal process has included a petition asking the United States Supreme Court to review the matter. The court denied the petition on Feb. 21.
But the men’s lawyers said that even a best-case scenario would most likely only entail an alternative form of execution to the current three-drug injection method, which the lawyers argue is unconstitutionally cruel.
“The state’s supply of midazolam runs out on April 30,” said John Williams, an assistant federal public defender based in Little Rock. “And so the schedule is quite obviously dictated by that, and we think it is inhumane that the state would schedule executions so as to get rid of a drug supply that the evidence shows is cruel and unusual.”
The executions come at an unsettled and complicated moment for capital punishment in the United States.
Nationwide, the number of executions has been in steep decline, and though many Americans support the death penalty, some polling shows that support for capital punishment has been steadily waning since the mid-1990s. And while the Supreme Court has been less than clear on its collective stance toward capital punishment, President Trump is an ardent and longtime proponent. The president’s opinions may have little direct effect on state cases, but his blunt, tough-on-crime speech is sure to influence the tone of the national conversation.
In Arkansas, Mr. Hutchinson has earned a reputation as a relative moderate, serving in some cases as a break on the hard-right ambitions of the Republican-controlled legislature. But he has also been determined to reactivate the death penalty.
The year he took office, he scheduled the execution of eight inmates, including several of the same men set to die next month, saying that they had exhausted all appeals. But a state court halted the executions because of a lawsuit against the state over its provisions at the time that kept secret the sources of its lethal injection drugs. The state was then ordered to disclose information about its supply chain.
Mr. Hutchinson’s latest effort to restart executions came after the state’s attorney general, Leslie Rutledge, told him that the eight men had no additional legal challenges to their executions.
The eight men scheduled for execution are Kenneth Williams, Bruce Ward, Stacey Johnson, Don Williamson Davis, Ledell Lee, Jack Harold Jones, Jason McGehee and Marcel Williams.
Some of the crimes were particularly heinous.
Mr. Ward went into a Jackpot convenience store in Little Rock on a night in August 1989 and asked the clerk, Rebecca Lynn Doss, an 18-year-old who read the Bible during the overnight shift by herself, for help unlocking the men’s restroom. Inside the bathroom, he sexually assaulted and strangled her. A police officer spotted him leaving the restroom and about to get on his motorcycle to leave.
Mr. Lee killed Debra Reese, 26, in her home in February 1993 in Jacksonville, Ark., outside Little Rock, after beating her 36 times with a tire tool that her husband had given her for protection while he was out of town.
Kenneth Williams killed a cheerleader at the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff in December 1998 but escaped from a maximum-security prison after a jury sentenced him to life the next year. A few miles from the prison, he fatally shot Cecil Boren, a farmer who was working in the yard while his wife was at church, and stole his truck. Mr. Williams led the police into Missouri in a high-speed chase before he crashed into a car, killing the driver. In 2005, he confessed to killing a 36-year-old man the same day he shot the cheerleader.
At the news conference, Mr. Hutchinson said he had discussed concerns about stacking the executions, and its potential ill effects on prison employees, with Wendy Kelley, the state corrections director.
“The answer is it’s not any easier to string it over four or five months than to do it in a measured and separated fashion, but in the sequence we have outlined,” he said.



ARTICLE
EVANSVILLE, Ind. — When Alcoa abruptly announced last year that its aluminum smelter near here would close, some longtime workers talked of burning the place down.
The company told Wall Street its unionized plant on the Ohio River, which employed 600, could no longer compete with less expensive aluminum from China.
One of those laid off, Brandon Marshall, 39, said he had never given much thought to where the products he bought were made. But now he goes out of his way to support American jobs.
“If there’s a tape measure built in the U.S. for $15 and one from China for $6, I try to catch myself now and pay for the American one,” he said. “It hit home.”
The blow to America’s industrial work force from globalization, and the sometimes xenophobia-tinged anger over trade deals that fueled a political upheaval last year, are not hard to find in southwest Indiana.
Leaving the Evansville airport, one can see a billboard to the right pointedly promising the “best real Mexican food this side of the Wall.” The hulking, empty building to the left is a former Whirlpool plant that, six years before Alcoa folded, was moved to Mexico.
As President Trump spoke approvingly of new taxes on imports in his address to Congress on Tuesday night, and as his new commerce secretary, Wilbur L. Ross, seeks to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement, cities like Evansville are where the costs and benefits of those policies will be measured in paychecks, pink slips and household budgets.
It was one of the myriad Midwestern places that turned to Mr. Trump in the election after he promised a river of good jobs from more protectionist trade deals, deporting undocumented workers and cracking down on Chinese imports. Yet the economic picture here and throughout the industrial heartland is not one-dimensional.
Thousands of jobs have been lost to globalization in Evansville, the third-largest city in Indiana. But thousands more have been created by exporting products made in the region, like AstraZeneca’s diabetes drugs, Lexan plastics — used in smartphones — and Toyota S.U.V.s.
Should Mr. Trump impose steep import taxes on goods from Mexico and China, economists say it could drive other nations to raise taxes on American exports — at a cost in American jobs.
“If he wants to start a trade war, there’ll be a negative impact on Indiana,” said Sudesh Mujumdar, chair of the economics and marketing department at the University of Southern Indiana. “You might think you’re protecting a class of workers, and end up having an impact on others.”
The complex filaments connecting average Americans to the forces of global trade can be seen in the lives of Mr. Marshall, laid off by Alcoa, and his two older brothers: Troy, 46, who works on the factory floor at Toyota in Princeton, Ind., where a map with pins in 20 countries depicts the reach of its exports; and Jeremy, 41, an elementary schoolteacher, who is struggling to maintain his perch in the middle class.
Import tariffs that might have protected Brandon’s smelting job could theoretically threaten Troy’s job at Toyota, as well as raise the living costs for Jeremy, who finds that even as a member of the white-collar middle class, he needs a second job to make ends meet.
“I’m a teacher, I’ve got a budget,” Jeremy said over dinner at Applebee’s with Brandon, while Troy was working the night shift.
Would Jeremy buy a $15 American tape measure — and would he see it as protecting his brothers’ jobs?
“I look for the best deal,” he said bluntly. “You go to Harbor Freight down the road and all their stuff comes from China. I will go there. They give you tape measures for free.”
The Marshall brothers grew up 40 minutes north of Evansville in Oakland City, Ind., the sons of Les Marshall, a coal miner who worked underground for 27 years. He died of a massive heart attack at 62, barely a year after retirement.
“He was pretty adamant about getting your education so you don’t have to work these hard, dirty hours,” Jeremy said.
Brandon got a bachelor’s degree, but hated his time working as a draftsman in an office. “I gained weight; I’d go home and be mentally stressed,” he said. “Physical labor, you may hurt muscle-wise, but you’re moving around. It’s better for you.”
When he lost his $85,000 job at the Alcoa smelter, the best work he could find paid $45,000, soldering components at a company that makes broadcast antennas. His wife, Crystal, had to go back to work filing and painting nails to help with the family’s expenses.
He has taken the lifestyle adjustment in stride. “I’m not the person to sit back and have a pity party,” he said.
There are also some benefits. He has more time for his two young children: “They were big mommy’s kids before,” he said. “Now that Dad is home more, they’ll jump on the couch next to me to watch Dad’s TV shows. If I did work 60 hours a week on night shift at Toyota, those moments wouldn’t be there.”
All three brothers voted for Mr. Trump, embracing his promises to build a wall with Mexico, run the nation as a business and rebuild American manufacturing.
The new administration’s trade policies are a work in progress. The president has said he is considering paying for a wall on the southern border by slapping a 20 percent tariff on Mexican imports. But he has yet to endorse the blanket import tax, known as “border adjustment,” that House Republicans favor as part of broad tax overhaul.
And of course Mr. Trump has waged a Twitter war to shame American companies into moving manufacturing home. In January, he threatened Toyota that if it did not close a plant it is building in Mexico, it would have to pay “a big border tax.”
In response, Toyota’s North American president, Jim Lentz, said a border tax would raise the price of every American-made vehicle — ultimately resulting in job losses in the United States — because nearly all of those domestically produced vehicles include parts made abroad.
The Toyota Highlander S.U.V., one of three models made at the Indiana factory, is a good example. Forty percent of its parts are made outside the country, according to government data. When Toyota hired 300 new workers at the plant in 2014, it said the expansion was partly because of foreign sales.
But a combination of higher costs to produce Highlanders and retaliatory tariffs that would slow exports could mean fewer workers in the Indiana factory. Troy Marshall, who is a 15-year Toyota employee, recognizes the risks of a protectionist trade policy.
“Working in manufacturing in the U.S., I understand if people aren’t buying your product then I don’t have a job,” he said.
Nonetheless, he still favors taxing foreign-made goods. He said higher consumer prices would be acceptable if they protected America’s industrial workers. Americans, he said, would learn to adjust their lifestyles.
“In my mind, it’s sort of a reset of the American economy,” Mr. Marshall said. “It’s the right thing to do. I don’t think we need all the stuff we buy.”
His attitude seems shaped by his confidence that his own job at Toyota, one of the region’s best-paying blue-collar employers, would be secure even if the plant were to shed jobs. After several promotions, he is a supervisor of quality assurance, enjoying good wages, a 401(k) plan and other benefits.
Unemployment is low in southwestern Indiana, like the Midwest in general, after a seven-year jobs expansion under President Barack Obama. Still, there are thousands  fewer high-paying manufacturing jobs than a decade ago. Factory wages have fallen.
As a result, Evansville’s middle class is hollowing out. Household income is flat, compared with strong growth nationally. The dream of a comfortable life with less than a bachelor’s degree — a credential held by only one in four Indiana adults — is receding.
“That way of life has really evaporated,” said Jonathan Weinzapfel, who was Evansville’s mayor the year Whirlpool left, idling 1,100 workers.
And blue-collar workers are not the only members of the middle class being squeezed. Jeremy Marshall, who has a master’s degree and earns about $50,000 a year teaching at an elementary school, has long worked a second job — first mowing lawns, now as a home inspector.
After Indiana’s Republican legislature rolled back teachers’ bargaining rights and tied their pay to student test scores a few years ago, Jeremy said, he missed out on what otherwise would have been an automatic $12,000 raise. He said he voted for Mr. Trump, but in statewide elections he supports Democrats, who are union-friendly.
His workday is longer and more stressful than it used to be, he said. “I go home, and I’m mentally zapped. Everything’s data-driven. It’s always analyzing data, creating assessments to create more data.”
At Applebee’s, as the conversation circled around the complexities of trade, Brandon Marshall, once in favor of strict protectionism, seemed to shift his view. He considered how tariffs might strain Jeremy’s budget and threaten Troy’s job.
“It’s hard to say what would happen if we shut the borders off and had to start surviving on our own,” Brandon said.
“The thing about Trump, he never had to worry about a $15 tape measure compared to a $6 one,” he added. “He’s got good intentions. He wants to keep the jobs here. But if all those parts coming for Toyota cost more money to get here, is it going to turn jobs away in the long run?”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — When Richard J. Durbin joined the Senate in 1997, his junior status relegated him to an unenviable task: serving in the minority on the Governmental Affairs Committee as the Republican-led panel exhaustively examined claims of an insidious Chinese plot to help President Bill Clinton in the 1996 elections.
“We went on for months in public hearing,” said Mr. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, who does not remember the highly partisan sessions very fondly. “Months and months.”
Republicans abruptly abandoned the inquiry when polls suggested the public was turning against it, and the investigation was generally regarded as a bust.
But the ability of Republicans to convene a summer-long media spectacle unfavorable to the White House underscores a fundamental truth as relevant today as it was then: Being in the majority matters, both in starting an investigation and, sometimes as important, in stopping one.
Despite new questions about contacts between Attorney General Jeff Sessions and a top Russian diplomat, House and Senate Republicans remain unwilling to budge from their opposition to a special bipartisan inquiry into the extent of Russian meddling in the 2016 election, and into any connections to President Trump or those close to him. Changing their mind would probably require significant revelations of the sort that would make their current stance politically untenable.
Even as Mr. Sessions recused himself on Thursday from any such investigation by the Justice Department, his former Republican colleagues on Capitol Hill were adamant that any improper conduct — and they remain very skeptical that there was any — was best investigated by the Senate Intelligence Committee, which has already begun its work.
“The Senate Intelligence Committee is the best place to determine the facts regarding Russian involvement in our elections,” said Senator Roy Blunt of Missouri, who sits on the panel and has been more aggressive than other Republicans in calling for a thorough inquiry.
“In my opinion, it would take at least six months for any new investigation to get to where the Intelligence Committee is today, and the ability to work with the intelligence community would never equal the daily communications of our bipartisan committee,” said Mr. Blunt, who added that he intended to visit C.I.A. headquarters in the next week to personally review relevant documents.
Democrats say there is another reason Republicans favor the Intelligence Committee: Its work is conducted mainly behind closed doors, sparing Mr. Trump and his allies on Capitol Hill from a regular parade of witnesses swearing to tell the truth before sober-faced senators — all of it televised live on cable news and C-Span.
From the McCarthy hearings through Watergate, Iran-contra and the Clinton impeachment, the American public has become quite familiar with the tableaux of the congressional investigation and the serious business that can be involved.
Republicans would like to avoid such a scene to the extent possible. Pursuing an investigation through the Intelligence Committee arms them against complaints that they are looking the other way about the allegations, while potentially limiting the fallout for them and the new administration.
But rapid-fire developments — such as confirmed reports of previously unknown meetings between Mr. Sessions and the Russian ambassador to the United States, Sergey I. Kislyak (meetings he denied at his Senate confirmation hearing), followed by his quick recusal — may erode Republicans’ ability to hold off demands for a wider and more public investigation. Such disclosures have a cumulative effect.
Though most of Mr. Sessions’s former colleagues stood solidly behind him before his recusal announcement, there were prominent cracks. Senator Rob Portman of Ohio, a respected voice among Senate Republicans, issued a statement urging Mr. Sessions to step aside from any Russia-related investigation by the Justice Department. Senator Ben Sasse, Republican of Nebraska, issued his own statement urging the intelligence panel to get on with it.
“Attorney General Sessions’s recusal is the right decision, and the Senate Intelligence Committee should accelerate its work,” Mr. Sasse said, warning that the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin, was trying to undermine public confidence in American institutions. “The American people deserve a comprehensive, top-to-bottom investigation of Putin’s Soviet-style meddling in self-government at home and across the West.”
Their positions, and more private expressions of increasing nervousness by other lawmakers, show that Republican unity on how to respond to Russia’s meddling in the election is not a given, and that further disclosures could bring about more defections from the party line that no investigation beyond the intelligence community is warranted.
Most Democrats knew full well that their impassioned demands that Mr. Sessions resign would not be met. But they want to keep as much pressure as possible on Republicans and chip away at their resistance to a special committee. Any confidence they had in the intelligence committees of the House and Senate was severely undercut by recent revelations that the Republican chairmen of both panels had, at the request of the White House, called reporters to try to undermine a story about contacts between Russians and Trump allies.
Earlier, Mr. Durbin had reluctantly agreed to cede much of the investigative responsibility to the Intelligence Committee, but he has abandoned that stance.
“This is a national security crisis, and we cannot afford to allow this process to be compromised further,” he said Thursday. “We need an independent commission to investigate now.”
That investigation won’t happen now, but it could happen later if disclosures continue to pile up.



ARTICLE
Vice President Mike Pence used a private email account to conduct public business when he was governor of Indiana, a practice that was legal but raised questions about the security of the communications, some of which addressed sensitive topics.
Mr. Pence used an AOL email account to communicate with top advisers on matters including the security gates at the governor’s residence and the state’s response to terrorist attacks across the globe, The Indianapolis Star reported Thursday night.
Mr. Pence’s use of personal email to conduct public business echoed Hillary Clinton’s use of a private server and email account when she was secretary of state. That practice was the subject of investigations, drew considerable criticism from Republicans and was frequently used as fodder by President Trump during his campaign.
In an appearance on “Meet the Press” in September, Mr. Pence, who took office as governor in 2013, said Mrs. Clinton had used the private server to keep her emails “out of the public reach, out of public accountability.”
A spokesman for Mr. Pence, Marc Lotter, told The Star that any comparisons between Mr. Pence and Mrs. Clinton were “absurd.” He added that as governor, Mr. Pence did not handle federally classified information, and that he had used a commercial email provider while Mrs. Clinton had a private server installed in her home.
Mr. Lotter could not be reached for comment Thursday night.
The office of Indiana’s current governor, Eric Holcomb, released more than 30 pages from Mr. Pence’s email account in response to a public records request by The Star. The state did not release an unspecified number of other emails, saying they were confidential and too sensitive to make public.
Security experts said the use of a personal email account raised concerns about whether sensitive information was properly protected, given that such accounts are typically less secure than government ones.
The Star reported that Mr. Pence’s personal account was compromised over the summer by someone who sent an email to his contacts claiming that Mr. Pence and his wife were stranded in the Philippines and urgently needed money. Mr. Pence sent an email apologizing to those who had received the fake message and set up a new AOL account.
The hack appeared to be part of a broad attack, not directed at Mr. Pence specifically.
Indiana law requires that records related to state business be retained and available in response to public records requests. While emails on state accounts would be captured by state computer servers, messages sent on a private account would be hidden unless steps were taken to make them available.
The Star quoted a statement released by the vice president’s office in Washington that said Mr. Pence had maintained state and personal email accounts.
“As governor, Mr. Pence fully complied with Indiana law regarding email use and retention,” the statement said. “Government emails involving his state and personal accounts are being archived by the state consistent with Indiana law and are being managed according to Indiana’s Access to Public Records Act.”
Public officials’ using private email accounts is not a practice limited to Mr. Pence. The Chicago Tribune reported in December that Mayor Rahm Emanuel used personal email accounts, which allowed him to hide some of his government correspondence from the public.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The disclosure that Russia’s ambassador to the United States spoke twice with Attorney General Jeff Sessions last year, even though Mr. Sessions testified at his January confirmation hearing that he “did not have communications with the Russians,” has set off a new round of political furor in Washington, this time with legal overtones.
After Republicans began joining Democrats on Thursday in calling upon Mr. Sessions to recuse himself from overseeing any criminal investigation related to Russian meddling in the 2016 election, the attorney general announced that he would step aside from any current or future cases related to the campaign. As a senator, Mr. Sessions was a top campaign adviser to President Trump.
But some Democrats called for giving the investigation even greater independence. Others accused Mr. Sessions of lying under oath and called for his resignation and a criminal investigation. The developments have heightened interest in several related legal issues.
What does it mean for the attorney general to recuse himself?
Generally, United States attorneys directly oversee criminal investigations. In a case that raises politically sensitive issues, the attorney general would normally be briefed on proposed major decisions — like whether to subpoena a high-profile witness or bring charges — and could overrule them. By recusing himself now, Mr. Sessions is responding to concerns that exercising that role, in light of his ties to the Trump campaign, would call into question the impartiality of the justice system.
Who replaces the attorney general after a recusal?
The deputy attorney general steps into the shoes of the attorney general to make decisions about that particular investigation. The acting deputy attorney general is Dana J. Boente, the United States attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, whom Mr. Trump temporarily elevated last month after firing  Sally Q. Yates, who had been the deputy attorney general. Mr. Trump has nominated Rod J. Rosenstein, the United States attorney for Maryland, to be deputy attorney general, and he would replace Mr. Boente if confirmed.
Can a special prosecutor or an independent counsel be appointed?
No, because the law that created that type of prosecutor expired.
During the Watergate “Saturday Night Massacre,” President Richard M. Nixon ordered the firing of the prosecutor running the investigation into his White House. As part of the reforms afterward, Congress created a new type of prosecutor to look into high-level executive branch wrongdoing while shielded from political interference. This position was called a special prosecutor at first and later independent counsel. The law set criteria for an attorney general to request a three-judge panel to appoint such a prosecutor, who would be subject to the judges’ supervision and could not be fired by the president or his appointees.
While the Supreme Court upheld the arrangement as constitutional, critics said it permitted a prosecutor to run amok. Republicans learned to hate the arrangement during the Iran-contra investigation into the Reagan administration, and Democrats did during the Whitewater and Monica Lewinsky investigation into President Bill Clinton. When the law expired in 1999, Congress did not renew it.
Could there instead be a special counsel?
Yes, Mr. Boente could appoint one of these.
Special counsels are empowered to run an investigation with greater autonomy than a United States attorney normally enjoys. But they are still ultimately subject to the control of the attorney general — and the president — who can overrule their decisions or fire them. This position dates to 1999, when the Justice Department issued new regulations to create it after the independent counsel law expired.
The regulations say special counsels “shall not be subject to the day-to-day supervision of any official of the department” and generally decide on their own “whether and to what extent to inform or consult with the attorney general or others within the department about the conduct of his or her duties and responsibilities.”
Did Sessions commit a crime?
In a letter to the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Justice Department, Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee asked for “an immediate criminal investigation into these statements, which could potentially implicate a number of criminal laws, including lying to Congress and perjury.”
But it is exceedingly unlikely that the Justice Department will bring charges against the attorney general — and not just for political reasons. To violate statutes that criminalize lying to Congress and perjury, it is not enough to say something that turns out to be demonstrably false. Rather, the speaker must have intentionally lied. That can be very difficult to prove beyond a reasonable doubt.
Mr. Sessions has said that while some people think he made a false statement, that was “not my intent.” Rather, he said, his answer was “honest and truthful as I understood it at the time” because the context of the question was the allegation that the Trump campaign and the Russian government were exchanging information. He said he understood his meetings with the Russian ambassador to be linked to his role as a senator, not his role as a campaign surrogate.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Melania Trump made her first solo foray in public as first lady on Thursday, visiting a hospital pediatric wing to read to sick children.
Mrs. Trump, who has been reluctant to embrace the high-profile and ill-defined role of presidential spouse, began with a brief and simple outing: an afternoon reading of a Dr. Seuss book in honor of the author’s birthday and National Read Across America Day.
“So you know what is today?” she asked the children, who wore hospital gowns and gathered in a playroom in the pediatric wing of NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical Center in Manhattan to see Mrs. Trump. “It’s a reading day. So I came to encourage you to read, and to think about what you want to achieve in life.”
Mrs. Trump, whose aides had arranged for a small pool of reporters and photographers to cover the visit, then proceeded to read “Oh, the Places You’ll Go!,” a Dr. Seuss classic with an inspirational message that she said was a favorite of hers.
“You’ll be as famous as famous can be,” Mrs. Trump read from the book. “With the whole wide world watching you win on TV.”
Mrs. Trump has stayed mostly out of the spotlight since President Trump took office. She has appeared at her husband’s side for a handful of official events, most recently accompanying him to the Capitol on Tuesday for his address to a joint session of Congress. But she has avoided the press and done nothing in public to carve out her own priorities or initiatives as first lady.
Michelle Obama made outings with young people a staple of her time as first lady, often making unscheduled stops to spend time with them. On Tuesday, the former first lady was back at it, surprising students in a vocational program at a Washington public school, where she spent more than an hour discussing the importance of pursuing higher education. Mrs. Obama posted a photograph of her visit on Twitter.
A photograph of Mrs. Trump’s hospital story time appeared in her Twitter feed on Thursday.
Mrs. Trump has said she is interested in working to combat cyberbullying, but has yet to start such a program. And while she has named a chief of staff and a social secretary, the White House has not announced the hiring of other key players in the East Wing, such as a communications director, a press secretary or other senior staff members. Mrs. Trump has made it known she does not intend to be much of a presence in Washington at least in the short term; she has opted to reside in New York while the couple’s 10-year-old son, Barron, finishes his school year.
On Thursday, she donned large black sunglasses and stepped into a car that was part of a small motorcade waiting outside Trump Tower to take her to the hospital about a mile and a half away.
“I hope you’re all feeling well,” Mrs. Trump told the assembled children. After she finished reading the book, Mrs. Trump gave it to a young girl who had been listening, saying, “I encourage you all to read a lot — to get educated.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — A two-year-old report by the Army’s inspector general concluded that Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, now President Trump’s national security adviser, violated the service’s regulations in a case that involved two junior officers accused of sexual assault.
The report asserts that during an assignment as the commanding general at Fort Benning, Ga., General McMaster “improperly” decided to allow two second lieutenants to attend Ranger School even though they were under investigation on allegations that they had sexually assaulted a female officer as cadets at West Point.
A senior Defense Department official, who asked not to be named because he was discussing an internal investigation, said General McMaster had not intended to break the rules and insisted that the violation was technical in nature.
But it remains to be seen how the Senate Armed Services Committee will respond when the panel holds a closed-door session on Tuesday on General McMaster’s appointment to lead the National Security Council.
A White House official, who declined to be identified because he was not authorized to speak publicly on the matter, said that President Trump had been informed of the investigation and retained confidence in General McMaster.
The Army investigation was first disclosed by The Washington Post.
The issue has its roots in allegations made by a young officer who reported that she had been sexually assaulted and touched inappropriately in 2011 and 2012 by fellow cadets at West Point who were male, at least some of whom were members of the Army academy’s rugby team.
Two of those young officers later reported for training as Army infantry officers at Fort Benning, where a criminal investigation was opened into the allegations.
General McMaster was asked by a subordinate if the junior officers could enter Ranger School, after completing their basic officer training, while the investigation continued.
According to the Army’s regulations, commanders are not supposed to take “favorable” personnel actions to advance the career of soldiers who are the subject of a serious investigation.
The regulations allow for an exception: Commanders can seek a waiver so that soldiers under investigation can attend special military schools.
General McMaster was reluctant to interfere with the soldiers’ training before any guilt was established, according to the investigation’s report. It said he was not aware that he was required to apply to the Army’s deputy chief of staff for a waiver so they could go to the Ranger School, where soldiers are taught combat leadership and tactics under grueling conditions.
The criminal case against the two soldiers was later dropped after a Fort Benning trial counsel determined that the accuser’s account was not credible. Instead, the counsel recommended that administrative action be taken against the soldiers for various improprieties.
At first, General McMaster ordered that an official reprimand be inserted into the officers’ files after they graduated from Ranger School. The officers were allowed to challenge that decision. After hearing their rebuttal, General McMaster concluded that the “misconduct had not occurred as alleged,” according to his official record of the case, and ordered the letters of reprimand to be destroyed.
General McMaster later received his own chiding from Gen. Daniel B. Allyn, the vice chief of staff of the Army, though it fell short of a formal reprimand. Describing it as a “memorandum of concern,” General Allyn said that General McMaster should have been better informed about the Army regulations.
“I understand that you were unaware of the ability to request a waiver in this case, and that you did not want to delay the officers’ training,” General Allyn wrote. “I also recognize that you ultimately decided to take no action against the officers after carefully considering the evidence. However, professional judgments may not supplant Army policy under any circumstances. I am disappointed with your actions.”
“I am not officially reprimanding you for your conduct,” General Allyn added. “This memorandum will not be filed in your personnel records. I consider this matter closed.”
But closed it is not: The Senate Armed Services Committee will discuss the Army investigation next week. While Mr. Trump’s choice for the post of national security adviser does not require Senate confirmation, General McMaster is still on active duty, and the Senate votes on any change of assignment for general officers.
Senator John McCain, the Arizona Republican who leads the panel, and Senator Jack Reed of Rhode Island, who serves as the ranking Democrat, are aware of the Army investigation, congressional officials said.
Senator Kirsten E. Gillibrand of New York, a Democrat and a member of the panel, has taken a strong interest in the role of women in the military and, an adviser said, pushed the Army to investigate why the junior officers were allowed to attend Ranger School.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — It was “find the Affordable Care Act replacement” day on Thursday as publicity-seeking Democrats — and one frustrated Republican — scampered through Capitol corridors, hunting for an elusive copy of a bill that Republican leaders have withheld from the public as they search for party unity.
Just a week before two powerful House committees plan to vote on the measure, opponents spent hours making the point that almost no one has actually seen legislation that would affect the lives and pocketbooks of millions of Americans.
“The Republicans have played hide-and-seek with us,” said Representative Lloyd Doggett, Democrat of Texas.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin said party leaders were determined to plow ahead with repeal legislation, despite lingering disagreements among Republicans and outright opposition from Democrats.
“I am perfectly confident that when it’s all said and done, we’re going to unify, because we all, every Republican, ran on repealing and replacing, and we’re going to keep our promises,” Mr. Ryan said.
The Energy and Commerce Committee, which has jurisdiction over Medicaid, and the Ways and Means Committee, which is responsible for tax legislation, are tentatively scheduled to vote next week on the repeal bill, setting the stage for the full House to vote on it later this month, House Republican leaders said.
While Republicans discussed details of the health care bill, Democrats went from office to office, hunting for a copy. Lawmakers were told that Republican members of the Energy and Commerce Committee could inspect the bill on Thursday in the basement of a House office building. When Democrats arrived, they were directed to a room on the first floor of the Capitol.
The House Democratic whip, Representative Steny H. Hoyer of Maryland, and Representative Paul Tonko, Democrat of New York, went to that room, but could not find the bill there.
Senator Rand Paul, a Kentucky Republican who has criticized the repeal bill, also tried and failed to see it.
“I have been told that the House Obamacare bill is under lock & key, in a secure location, & not available for me or the public to view,” Mr. Paul said on Twitter as he set off in search of the document, carrying a portable copy machine and trailed by television cameras and a pack of journalists.
Mr. Paul supports repealing the Affordable Care Act, but said the measure described publicly by House Republican leaders included “Democratic ideas dressed up in Republican clothing.”
Mr. Hoyer, whose quest for the bill was broadcast live on Facebook, paused to address a large bust of Abraham Lincoln. “I can’t find the bill,” he said, adding, “I know, Mr. Lincoln, you are as upset with your party as I am today.”
The theatrics reflected serious concerns. “Republicans are hiding their draft A.C.A. repeal bill in a basement room,” said the House Democratic leader, Nancy Pelosi of California. The bill, she said, would produce “a big transfer of wealth to the wealthiest people in our country,” cutting their taxes while increasing costs for others.
It is not unusual for controversial bills to be written by the majority party, with little or no input from the minority. But Democrats relished the opportunity to turn the tables on Republicans.
In 2009 and 2010, Republicans excoriated Democrats for making “back-room deals” to pass the Affordable Care Act. Democrats, defending the bill they had written with President Barack Obama, were shouted down at town hall-style meetings by Tea Party members chanting, “Read the bill.”
Representative Greg Walden, Republican of Oregon and chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, denied he was hiding the bill or doing anything out of the ordinary. Republicans, he said, “are continuing to discuss and refine draft legislative language.”
Asked if he was hiding the bill, Representative Kevin Brady, Republican of Texas and chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, said: “We don’t have a bill. We’re continuing to work with the Congressional Budget Office and our members on the final product.”
Republicans had promised an open process. Speaking on the House floor on Jan. 13, Representative Doug Collins of Georgia, the vice chairman of the House Republican Conference, said the health law had been enacted “after months of back-room deals, in the middle of the night, last-minute deals, and without giving the American people enough time to even read the bill.”
“That is not what is going to happen this time,” he said.
The Congressional Budget Office has not completed an estimate of the cost of the repeal bill or its effects on coverage, and Republicans are still trying to narrow their differences on issues like Medicaid and tax credits to help people buy insurance. But, as of Thursday, they were determined to move ahead.
“We are going to mark up the legislation next week,” said Representative Billy Long, Republican of Missouri and a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, after a closed-door meeting of House Republicans. “They say we’ll be there all night. I’m going to bring an air mattress.”
Mr. Ryan presented members of his party on Thursday with a timeline leading to passage of the bill by the House within three weeks. The Senate is working closely with House leaders.
Mr. Ryan told House Republicans that President Trump supported the bill drafted by House Republican leaders, according to aides who were in the room.
Ever since Mr. Obama signed the law in March 2010, Republicans have been trying to uproot it. When Congress convened this year, Republicans thought they could achieve their goal with a quick strike on the law, which has provided insurance to some 20 million Americans. The task has proved more difficult than they expected. Polls show the law has become somewhat more popular as Mr. Trump and congressional Republicans try to kill it.
Under a draft of the bill that became public last week, the government would offer tax credits to help lower the cost of insurance for people who did not have access to coverage through an employer or a government program. The tax credits, as initially proposed, would be available to people regardless of their income.
Representative Phil Roe, Republican of Tennessee, said the credit should not be available to people with incomes above a certain level, around $118,000. “I don’t think I need a tax credit, with my salary,” Mr. Roe said. As a member of Congress, he has been paid $174,000 a year.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump’s accusations that President Barack Obama spied on him have stirred another tempest in his early months in office.
Mr. Trump offered no evidence to support his claims that Mr. Obama wiretapped his phones and rejected the assertion by the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, that the wiretapping claim was false, according to Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a White House spokeswoman.
Here is an assessment.
False. The White House has criticized the use of anonymous sources in reporting, yet has offered its own anonymous sources to support claims or policies. Mr. Spicer’s suggestion that articles citing unnamed officials have turned up nothing is wrong.
In recent weeks, Michael T. Flynn resigned as national security adviser after news reports with unnamed sources revealed he had been in contact with Sergey I. Kislyak, Russia’s ambassador to the United States. Similarly, Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from investigations into Russia after journalists found he had also spoken with Mr. Kislyak, based on conversations with anonymous sources.
This is misleading. The White House forwarded The New York Times several articles about investigations into the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia that include the word “wiretapping.” None contend, as Mr. Trump did, that Mr. Obama personally ordered the surveillance of Trump Tower phones.
The BBC reported, based on anonymous sources, that intelligence agencies obtained a FISA warrant in October 2016 to intercept electronic records from two Russian banks. HeatStreet, a libertarian-leaning blog, also cited unnamed sources claiming that the warrant covered a computer server at Trump Tower. Neither claimed Mr. Obama was responsible.
The White House also cited two Times articles, one about the National Security Agency’s expanded authority to share its data  and the other on the continuing investigation into links between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russian officials. Neither article claimed that Mr. Trump or his associates were the target of wiretapping.
False. While the White House is calling for a congressional inquiry, Mr. Trump did not merely raise the possibility on Twitter but was emphatic that the incident did occur.
Needs context. Ms. Conway is cherry-picking remarks from Mr. Mukasey, who led the Justice Department under President George W. Bush, as proof that Mr. Trump was right.
“I think the president was not correct certainly in saying that President Obama ordered a tap on a server in Trump Tower,” he said on ABC. “However, I think he’s right in that there was surveillance and that it was conducted at the behest of the attorney — of the Justice Department through the FISA court.”
Mr. Mukasey later added that this conclusion was based on the same news reports that the White House has cited and said that he does not believe a special inquiry or prosecutor is necessary to look into Mr. Trump’s claims.
This is misleading. Mr. Chaffetz said he is not aware of evidence backing up Mr. Trump’s claims, but noted that the Obama administration is “notorious” for similar behavior. None of the incidents he mentioned, however, are parallel to Mr. Trump’s accusations of illegal wiretapping ordered by Mr. Obama.
The Justice Department’s 2013 investigation of Mr. Rosen, a journalist at Fox News, was authorized by a court order and included scanning his emails. Mr. Rosen himself clarified on Fox News that he was not wiretapped.
The Internal Revenue Service was accused of singling out conservative groups applying for nonprofit status between 2010 and 2013. Investigations by the FBI, Senate and Justice Department were divided over whether the agency acted in politically motivated ways but found no evidence of criminal wrongdoing.
And in 2015, 45 Secret Service agents read, without authorization, Mr. Chaffetz’s records at the agency where his application had been rejected more than a decade earlier. Mr. Chaffetz was one of the most outspoken critics of the Secret Service after a series of security breaches.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — House Republicans unveiled on Monday their long-awaited plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, scrapping the mandate for most Americans to have health insurance in favor of a new system of tax credits to induce people to buy insurance on the open market.
The bill sets the stage for a bitter debate over the possible dismantling of the most significant health care law in a half-century. In its place would be a health law that would be far more oriented to the free market and would make far-reaching changes to a vast part of the American economy.
The House Republican bill would roll back the expansion of Medicaid that has provided coverage to more than 10 million people in 31 states, reducing federal payments for many new beneficiaries. It also would effectively scrap the unpopular requirement that people have insurance and eliminate tax penalties for those who go without. The requirement for larger employers to offer coverage to their full-time employees would also be eliminated.
People who let their insurance coverage lapse, however, would face a significant penalty. Insurers could increase their premiums by 30 percent, and in that sense, Republicans would replace a penalty for not having insurance with a new penalty for allowing insurance to lapse.
House Republican leaders said they would keep three popular provisions in the Affordable Care Act: the prohibition on denying coverage to people with pre-existing conditions, the ban on lifetime coverage caps and the rule allowing young people to remain on their parents’ health plans until age 26.
Republicans hope to undo other major parts of President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement, including income-based tax credits that help millions of Americans buy insurance, taxes on people with high incomes and the penalty for people who do not have health coverage.
Medicaid recipients’ open-ended entitlement to health care would be replaced by a per-person allotment to the states. And people with pre-existing medical conditions would face new uncertainties in a more deregulated insurance market.
The bill would also cut off federal funds to Planned Parenthood clinics through Medicaid and other government programs for one year.
“Obamacare is a sinking ship, and the legislation introduced today will rescue people from the mistakes of the past,” said Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, the majority leader.
Democrats denounced the effort as a cruel attempt to strip Americans of their health care.
“Republicans will force tens of millions of families to pay more for worse coverage — and push millions of Americans off of health coverage entirely,” said Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the Democratic leader.
Two House committees — Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce — plan to take up the legislation on Wednesday. House Republicans hope the committees will approve the measure this week, clearing the way for the full House to act on it before a spring break scheduled to begin on April 7. The outlook in the Senate is less clear. Democrats want to preserve the Affordable Care Act, and a handful of Republican senators expressed serious concerns about the House plan as it was being developed.
Under the House Republican plan, the income-based tax credits provided under the Affordable Care Act would be replaced with credits that would rise with age as older people generally require more health care. In a late change, the plan reduces the tax credits for individuals with annual incomes over $75,000 and married couples with incomes over $150,000.
Republicans did not offer any estimate of how much their plan would cost, or how many people would gain or lose insurance. The two House committees plan to vote on the legislation without having estimates of its cost from the Congressional Budget Office, the official scorekeeper on Capitol Hill.
But they did get the support from President Trump that they badly need to win House passage.
“Obamacare has proven to be a disaster with fewer options, inferior care and skyrocketing costs that are crushing small business and families across America,” said the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer. “Today marks an important step toward restoring health care choices and affordability back to the American people.”
The release of the legislation is a step toward fulfilling a campaign pledge — repeal and replace — that has animated Republicans since the Affordable Care Act passed in 2010. But it is far from certain Republican lawmakers will be able to get on the same page and repeal the health measure.
On Monday, four Republican senators — Rob Portman of Ohio, Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, Cory Gardner of Colorado and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska — signed a letter saying a House draft that they had reviewed did not adequately protect people in states like theirs that have expanded Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act.
Three conservative Republicans in the Senate — Mike Lee of Utah, Rand Paul of Kentucky and Ted Cruz of Texas — had already expressed reservations about the House’s approach.
In the House, Republican leaders will have to contend with conservative members who have already been vocal about their misgivings about the legislation being drawn up. “Obamacare 2.0,” Representative Justin Amash, Republican of Michigan, posted on Twitter on Monday.
Representative Mark Meadows, Republican of North Carolina and the chairman of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, also offered a warning on Monday, joining with Mr. Paul to urge that Republican leaders pursue a “clean repeal” of the health care law.
“Conservatives don’t want new taxes, new entitlements and an ‘ObamaCare Lite’ bill,” they wrote on the website of Fox News. “If leadership insists on replacing ObamaCare with ObamaCare-lite, no repeal will pass.”
The move to strip Planned Parenthood of funding and the plan’s provisions to reverse tax increases on the high-income taxpayers will also expose Republicans in more moderate districts to Democratic attacks.
The bill would provide each state with a fixed allotment of federal money for each person on Medicaid, the federal-state program for more than 70 million low-income people. The federal government would pay different amounts for different categories of beneficiaries, including children, older Americans and people with disabilities.
The bill would also repeal subsidies that the government provides under the Affordable Care Act to help low-income people pay deductibles and other out-of-pocket costs for insurance purchased through the public marketplaces. Eliminating these subsidies would cause turmoil in insurance markets, insurers and consumer advocates say.
However, the House Republicans would provide states with $100 billion over nine years, which states could use to help people pay for health care and insurance.
The tax credits proposed by House Republicans would start at $2,000 a year for a person under 30 and would rise to a maximum of $4,000 for a person 60 or older. A family could receive up to $14,000 in credits.
Even with those credits, Democrats say, many people would find insurance unaffordable. But Republicans would allow insurers to sell a leaner, less expensive package of benefits and would allow people to use the tax credits for insurance policies covering only catastrophic costs.
While Republicans have argued over how to proceed, Mr. Trump has expressed only vague goals for how to repeal the Affordable Care Act and improve the nation’s health care system. On Capitol Hill, lawmakers and their aides are waiting to see whether he uses his platform, Twitter account and all, to press reluctant Republicans to get behind the House plan.
The new version of the House Republican bill makes several changes to earlier drafts of the legislation.
It drops a proposal to require employees with high-cost employer-sponsored health insurance to pay income and payroll taxes on some of the value of that coverage. In addition, it would delay a provision of the Affordable Care Act that imposed an excise tax on high-cost insurance plans provided by employers to workers.
Congress had already delayed this “Cadillac tax” — despised by employers and labor unions alike — by two years, to 2020. The new legislation would suspend the tax from 2020 through 2024.
House Republicans would offer tax credits to help people buy insurance if they did not have coverage available from an employer or a government program. Under earlier versions of the bill, the tax credits increased with a person’s age, but would not have been tied to income. Backbench Republicans said the government should not be providing financial assistance to people with high incomes.
Accordingly, under the new version of the bill, the tax credits would be reduced and eventually phased out.



ARTICLE
The White House, concerned about the possible political repercussions of the Republican effort to defund Planned Parenthood, has proposed preserving federal payments to the group if it discontinues providing abortions.
The proposal, which was never made formally, has been rejected as an impossibility by officials at Planned Parenthood, which receives about $500 million annually in federal funding. That money helps pay for women’s health services the organization provides, not for abortion services.
“Let’s be clear: Federal funds already do not pay for abortions,” Dawn Laguens, the executive vice president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America, said on Monday. “Offering money to Planned Parenthood to abandon our patients and our values is not a deal that we will ever accept. Providing critical health care services for millions of American women is nonnegotiable.”
But the outreach to allies of Planned Parenthood is a glimpse of the internal struggle inside a White House torn between trying to satisfy the conservative base that elected President Trump and responding to the views of his daughter Ivanka Trump, who urged her father to tread carefully on the Planned Parenthood issue during the Republican primary contest.
Ms. Trump has no formal role in the administration, but as an informal adviser she has made women’s issues a focus. She has had a mixed record of success in the administration’s early days, but during the campaign, she was able to nudge Mr. Trump toward a nuanced view of Planned Parenthood’s work.
Mr. Trump confirmed the discussions in a statement on Monday to The New York Times.
“As I said throughout the campaign, I am pro-life and I am deeply committed to investing in women’s health and plan to significantly increase federal funding in support of nonabortion services such as cancer screenings,” he said. “Polling shows the majority of Americans oppose public funding for abortion, even those who identify as pro-choice. There is an opportunity for organizations to continue the important work they do in support of women’s health, while not providing abortion services.”
Indeed, Mr. Trump made similar statements as a candidate, putting him at odds with other Republicans in a primary race characterized by conservative views.
In private discussions with people close to Planned Parenthood, White House officials have suggested that there could even be an increase in federal earmarks if the work related to abortion ends.
At various points during the campaign, Mr. Trump spoke favorably of the work of Planned Parenthood, even while saying he would support withdrawing its funding if abortions continued.
“Millions and millions of women — cervical cancer, breast cancer — are helped by Planned Parenthood,” he said in February 2016 at a debate hosted by CNN. “I would defund it because I’m pro-life, but millions of women are helped by Planned Parenthood.”
Marjorie Dannenfelser, the president of the Susan B. Anthony List, which supports anti-abortion candidates, said Mr. Trump was living up to his campaign promise.
“We’re not used to that in politics,” she said. She added that she had no problem with the deal because her issue with Planned Parenthood is with its abortion work.
Until 2011, when he announced he opposed abortion rights, Mr. Trump had supported legal measures allowing abortions.
Congressional Republicans have said they will soon move legislation to strip all federal funds from Planned Parenthood, and a provision for doing that was included in the House Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act released on Monday night.
Senator Kirsten E. Gillibrand, Democrat of New York, suggested that Mr. Trump had authorized the proposal because he wanted to be able to claim that he had made an offer to Planned Parenthood and that officials with the group were not being reasonable.
“The Trump administration needs to stop playing political games that would put access to the full range of safe reproductive care at risk, or they will get the fight of their lives,” Ms. Gillibrand said.
Diane Max, a major donor to Planned Parenthood, called the offer “an absurd play” and said Mr. Trump had been “sympathetic to a woman’s right to choose until it was politically unpopular” for him.



ARTICLE
At Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tenn., a printer, suspected to have been hacked, spurted out anti-Semitic fliers in January.
At Central Michigan University in Mount Pleasant, Mich., an Adolf Hitler-themed Valentine’s Day card, unauthorized by the school’s College Republicans, made its way into a bag at one of the group’s meetings in February.
And at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles, a vendor was discovered to be selling items with swastika symbols before being asked to leave.
The three episodes are among more than 100 since the school year started in September that the Anti-Defamation League lists in a new report tracking efforts by white supremacists to recruit students on college campuses.
Most of the events — 65 of them — have occurred since January, the report found.
Jonathan A. Greenblatt, the chief executive of the Anti-Defamation League, said in a telephone interview on Monday that hate groups have increased their presence at colleges through visits, rallies, speeches and alt-right online spaces. However, the seemingly antiquated approach of distributing fliers, often touting messages of white supremacy, has been a focus for increasing their physical presence on campuses.
“Fliers allow them to not only recruit but get public attention,” Mr. Greenblatt said, adding, “it’s not only part of the way they can identify sympathizers but terrorize marginalized communities.
“Social media allows them to go to very targeted audiences in specific ways. Fliers starting to show up saying that any one of these organizations is here and present will not only raise eyebrows but I think really heighten concerns among organizations of students and that’s what they want.”
The fliers have been a common tactic for hate groups, one that allows them to spread their message without requiring many resources or much energy and that allows for a level of anonymity.
According to the report, racist, anti-Semitic and anti-Muslim fliers have been spotted in 32 states at 66 campuses since September. The list included a speaking engagement in December by the white nationalist leader Richard Spencer. The appearance, at Texas A&M University in College Station, ended in violent protests.
The report identified several groups, including Identity Evropa, American Vanguard and American Renaissance, that have made concerted efforts to distribute fliers on campuses. Identity Evropa and American Vanguard were both founded in 2016, it said.
Mr. Greenblatt said the groups were emboldened by a sort of middle-of-the-road acceptance in recent months.
“In a political environment where white supremacists have felt more welcome than any time in recent memory, we saw them move from their margins to the mainstream,” Mr. Greenblatt said. “We saw their language and images really penetrate the political process and to a large degree the public conversation,” he said, adding, “so what we see is people like Richard Spencer and other organizations try to exploit this newfound idea of legitimacy to grow their ranks.”
At Vanderbilt, meanwhile, officials condemned the anti-Semitic fliers that appeared in January, said they would not tolerate any effort to intimidate any members of the campus community, and encouraged people to report such incidents to the authorities.



ARTICLE
President Trump’s postelection agreement to pay $25 million appeared to settle the fraud claims arising from his defunct for-profit education venture, Trump University. But a former student is now asking to opt out of the settlement, a move that, if permitted, could put the deal in jeopardy.
Lawyers for the student, Sherri Simpson of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., on Monday asked a federal judge in San Diego to reject the settlement unless former students are given an opportunity to be excluded from the deal so they can sue Mr. Trump individually.
If the judge, Gonzalo Curiel, decides that Ms. Simpson and potentially others should have that chance, legal experts say it could disrupt the settlement because Mr. Trump and his lawyers saw the deal as a way to resolve all of the claims, once and for all, to avoid a trial and distractions to his presidency.
“If even one person could opt out of the settlement and force a trial, that might, in fact, crater the deal,” said Shaun Martin, a professor at the University of San Diego School of Law. “I’m sure Judge Curiel will be aware of that.”
The agreement, announced in November, appeared to resolve years of hotly contested litigation, including two federal class-action cases in San Diego and a separate suit by Eric T. Schneiderman, the New York attorney general. Students maintained that they were cheated out of tuition through high-pressure sales tactics and misleading claims about what they would learn. At one point during the contentious case, Mr. Trump questioned Judge Curiel’s impartiality based on his Mexican heritage.
Mr. Trump, who has rejected the claims and did not acknowledge fault in the settlement, posted on Twitter after the settlement announcement that he “did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U.”
Patrick Coughlin, a lawyer representing the class-action plaintiffs, said that it was a “terrific settlement” and that the objection seemed “politically motivated.” He said he feared that the objection could result in delays for students who have waited years to get money back. “She could have excluded herself before and pursued her own litigation,” he said. “That time passed.”
Lawyers for Mr. Trump did not respond to messages seeking comment.
Monday is the deadline for students to file claims to participate in the settlement, or object to it — as in the case of Ms. Simpson.
Her lawyers argue that a notice sent to students about the class-action lawsuits in 2015 left the impression that they could later request to be excluded from a settlement, but that opportunity was not afforded to them in the agreement.
“There was precious little reason to exercise the right to opt out at that juncture” in 2015, wrote one of Ms. Simpson’s lawyers, Gary Friedman of New York, in the objection filed on Monday. “The case was barreling toward trial, by all accounts.”
Carl Tobias, a professor at the University of Richmond School of Law, said that Judge Curiel would probably give the objection serious consideration, but that he would have to weigh it against “substantial pressure to hold the deal together.”
“A lot of work has gone into this, and people are generally satisfied all around,” Mr. Tobias said.
Plaintiffs’ lawyers have said that they would waive their fees and that they expected roughly 7,000 former students to recover half to all of what they spent on courses.
If they are allowed, it is not clear how many former students may seek to opt out.
In 2010, Ms. Simpson — a lawyer who spoke out about her Trump University experience during last year’s campaign — paid $1,495 for a three-day seminar, in which she said instructors pressured her to sign up for the $35,000 “Gold Elite” program under the premise that she would have access to the “resources of Mr. Trump and his real estate organization,” she wrote in a sworn statement. She split the fee with another student, spending about $19,000 in total, Mr. Friedman said.
But she soon grew dissatisfied when promises went unfulfilled. She wrote, “The Gold Elite program was a scam.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Over the last two decades, since Congress carved out a terrorism case exception to the general rule that people cannot use American courts to sue foreign governments, victims of attacks have racked up more than $50 billion in default judgments against Iran.
Those judgments provided symbolic justice but came with little realistic expectation that Iran — which did not bother to contest the evidence — would actually pay all it owed, aside from its limited assets frozen in the United States. But now, those cases are colliding with another major legal and national security event: the Iran nuclear deal.
In the first case of its kind, a group of attack victims — including estates of people who were killed — who won one of the default judgments against Iran has gone to a European court to try to enforce it. A judge in Luxembourg has quietly put a freeze on $1.6 billion in assets belonging to Iran’s central bank, according to people familiar with the case.
The fight is part of increasing instances in which domestic civil lawsuits against foreign entities over terrorist attacks have raised diplomatic and national security complications.
Diplomatic and security specialists said the litigation also has broader significance. The essence of the 2015 deal was that Iran agreed to curb its nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of sanctions so it could reintegrate into the world economy. That goal would be undermined if any Iranian-linked assets in places like Europe were vulnerable to seizure to pay off the default judgments handed down by American courts.
Payam Mohseni, the Iran Project director at Harvard Kennedy School’s Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, said that if the victims succeed in seizing the funds, it could be a step toward a new confrontation, strengthening the hands of hard-liners in Iran who were opposed to the deal and are looking for signs of betrayal. Already, he noted, few of the envisioned investments in Iran with Western financing have materialized.
“A ruling like this would make Iranian assets vulnerable in Europe which, for Iranians, would violate the spirit of the agreement if not the letter of it,” he said.
The maneuvers in Luxembourg have attracted scant attention because the litigation is largely confidential. But a letter detailing the case is now circulating in Washington. Lawyers for the victims sent the letter on Thursday to the prime minister of Luxembourg, seeking his government’s assistance in opposing Iran’s effort to unfreeze its assets, and copied the letter to senior foreign policy officials in the White House.
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, did not respond to an email request to speak with someone in the Trump administration about its thinking regarding the effort. President Trump was a fierce critic of the nuclear accord during the campaign, saying President Barack Obama had negotiated a bad deal. But he has since given no public indication that he intends to follow through on his vow to abrogate it.
The embassy of Luxembourg in Washington also did not respond to a request for comment.
Complicating matters, the lawsuit that resulted in the default judgment did not stem from one of the attacks by Shiite terrorists that specialists generally agree were sponsored by Iran. Instead, it was brought by victims of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks by Al Qaeda, the Sunni terrorist group.
In 2011, the victims persuaded a federal judge in New York, George B. Daniels, to find that Iran had aided the attacks by providing assistance to Al Qaeda, like facilitating the travel of Qaeda members through its territory. In 2012, he ordered Iran to pay the victims $2 billion in compensatory damages and $5 billion in punitive damages.
That judgment stagnated for years because there was no obvious way to collect it. But then it came to light that the Clearstream system in Luxembourg, which facilitates international exchanges of securities, was holding $1.6 billion in Iranian central bank assets that had been blocked under sanctions.
Last year, lawyers for the Sept. 11 victims persuaded a judge in Luxembourg to place a new freeze on those assets while they sued over whether they could execute the default judgment against those funds, the letter said. Both Clearstream and the Iranian central bank, Markazi, are now trying to get that freeze lifted.
The two lawyers who signed the letter and are leading the effort, Lee S. Wolosky and Michael J. Gottlieb, both partners in the law firm Boies Schiller Flexner, are former Obama administration officials. Mr. Gottlieb was a lawyer in the White House in Mr. Obama’s first term, and Mr. Wolosky served as the special envoy for Guantánamo closure under Secretary of State John F. Kerry, who negotiated the Iran nuclear deal.
“The Iran nuclear deal does not include terrorism issues or resolve outstanding legal claims, so you can support that deal and also support the enforcement of lawful, final judgments entered by the federal courts wherever Iranian assets are found,” Mr. Wolosky said. “And that is exactly what we are aggressively pursuing.”
Dennis Ross, an Iran adviser to Mr. Obama in his first term, predicted that European leaders who support the Iran deal would try to resist such efforts. But he also said that while some think the deal is fragile, Iran has an incentive to stick with it for at least seven more years — after which sanctions, which are now suspended, will be terminated — even if it decides it cannot do business in Europe for now.
Iran “will certainly try to get these assets unfrozen so they aren’t put at risk, but I don’t see them walking away from the deal, even though this is a very novel, very creative use of the legal system to try to get these judgments enforced,” he said.
The case joins the growing log of lawsuits that try to assign blame for terrorist ties.
In 2014, for example, the Obama administration divided internally about whether to urge the Supreme Court to intervene in a case against Arab Bank, the largest financial institution in Jordan, brought by victims of terrorist attacks in Israel who accused the bank of having processed financial transactions for Hamas. The case was ultimately settled.
Last year, the Supreme Court ruled said Iran’s central bank must turn over $2.1 billion in frozen assets held by Citibank to victims of the 1983 Marine Corps barracks bombing in Lebanon. The Obama administration backed the victims in that case, which Iran is now challenging in the International Court of Justice.
Also last year, American relations with Saudi Arabia came under strain when Congress, overriding President Obama’s veto, enacted a bill that widened the terrorism exception to foreign sovereigns’ immunity from civil lawsuits, clearing the way for victims of the Sept. 11 attacks to sue the Saudi government too.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump signed an executive order on Monday blocking citizens of six predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States, the most significant hardening of immigration policy in generations, even with changes intended to blunt legal and political opposition.
The order was revised to avoid the tumult and protests that engulfed the nation’s airports after Mr. Trump signed his first immigration directive on Jan. 27. That order was ultimately blocked by a federal appeals court.
The new order continued to impose a 90-day ban on travelers, but it removed Iraq, a redaction requested by Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, who feared it would hamper coordination to defeat the Islamic State, according to administration officials.
It also exempts permanent residents and current visa holders, and drops language offering preferential status to persecuted religious minorities, a provision widely interpreted as favoring other religious groups over Muslims. In addition, it reversed an indefinite ban on refugees from Syria, replacing it with a 120-day freeze that requires review and renewal.
But the heart of the sweeping executive action is still intact, reflecting Mr. Trump’s “America first” pledge to safeguard against what he has portrayed as a hidden influx of terrorists and criminals — a hard-line campaign promise that resonated deeply with white working-class voters.
The new order retains central elements of the old one, cutting the number of refugees admitted to the United States each year to 50,000 from about 110,000. Mr. Trump is also leaving open the possibility of expanding the ban to other countries, or even putting Iraq back on the banned list if the country’s leaders fail to comply with a requirement that they increase intelligence sharing, officials said.
“Unregulated, unvetted travel is not a universal privilege, especially when national security is at stake,” said John F. Kelly, the homeland security secretary, appearing alongside Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson and Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the Ronald Reagan Federal Building in Washington on Monday.
Mr. Kelly said the order was now “prospective” and applied “only to foreign nationals outside of the United States” who do not have a valid visa. None of the men took questions.
The Trump administration quickly tried to break the legal logjam, filing papers in United States District Court in Washington late on Monday seeking to lift an order blocking the fulfillment of the initial ban.
But the president’s revisions did little to halt criticism from Democrats and immigrant rights advocates, who predicted a renewed fight in the courts.
The Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer of New York, described the new order as a “watered-down ban” that was still “meanspirited and un-American.”
Margaret Huang, the executive director of Amnesty International USA, said in a statement that the new order would “cause extreme fear and uncertainty for thousands of families by, once again, putting anti-Muslim hatred into policy.”
The new measure will be phased in over the next two weeks to avoid the frenetic, same-day execution of the order in January, which prompted protests across the country and left tearful families stranded at airports abroad and in the United States.
The redrafted order, delayed by a week so it would not overshadow Mr. Trump’s address to a joint session of Congress last Tuesday, represented a recognition that the rushed first attempt at the ban did not pass muster legally or politically.
Administration officials privately conceded that the initial version of the order was a political debacle that damaged Mr. Trump’s nascent presidency. But they were much more sanguine about the second order, arguing that the new, multiagency review process could be used in the future to bend Mr. Trump’s uncompromising messages toward Washington’s bureaucratic realities.
Mr. Trump signed the first ban with great fanfare, in front of reporters, at the Pentagon. “We don’t want them here,” Mr. Trump said of Islamist terrorists. “We want to ensure that we are not admitting into our country the very threats our soldiers are fighting overseas. We only want to admit those into our country who will support our country, and love deeply our people.”
This time, the White House issued a photograph of the president signing the order alone at his desk in the Oval Office.
Justice Department lawyers said the revisions rendered moot legal cases against the original travel ban. But opponents said the removal of a section that had granted preferential treatment to victims of religious persecution was a cosmetic change that did nothing to alter the order’s prejudicial purpose. Immigrant rights lawyers had argued that the provision was intended to discriminate against Muslims, pointing to recent statements by Mr. Trump.
“This is a retreat, but let’s be clear — it’s just another run at a Muslim ban,” said Omar Jadwat, the director of the Immigrants’ Rights Project at the American Civil Liberties Union, one of the groups that sued to stop the first order. “They can’t unring the bell.”
Eric T. Schneiderman, the attorney general of New York and a plaintiff in a suit seeking to block the first order, said his office was reviewing the new ban, adding, “I stand ready to litigate — again — in order to protect New York’s families, institutions and economy.”
Congressional Republicans, who were split over the first travel ban, had a more muted reaction. But Speaker Paul D. Ryan, who backed the first order, issued a statement saying the revised order “advances our shared goal of protecting the homeland.”
Citizens of Iran, Somalia, Sudan, Yemen, Syria and Libya will face a 90-day suspension of visa processing as the administration analyzes how to strengthen vetting procedures, according to a homeland security summary of the order.
The removal of Iraq from the list came after talks with security officials in Baghdad and at the urging of Mr. Mattis and State Department officials, who have been in communication with Iraqi officials alarmed that the ban will turn public sentiment in their country against the United States.
“On the basis of negotiations that have taken place between the government of Iraq and the U.S. Department of State in the last month, Iraq will increase cooperation with the U.S. government on the vetting of its citizens applying for a visa to travel to the United States,” homeland security officials wrote in a fact sheet given to reporters.
The timing of the ban seemed intended to reset the White House political narrative, after a turbulent week that began with Mr. Trump’s well-received address to Congress. That success was quickly overshadowed by the controversies over Mr. Sessions’s failure to inform the Senate of his contacts with the Russian ambassador and Mr. Trump’s unsupported accusation that President Barack Obama tapped Mr. Trump’s phones during the 2016 campaign.
Critics say that Mr. Trump’s vow to impose “extreme vetting” on migrants, especially those fleeing the war in Syria, disregards already stringent screening measures, and the fact that none of the recent terrorist attacks or mass shootings on American soil were perpetrated by people from the nations listed in the ban.
Last week, The Associated Press reported that it had obtained a draft homeland security assessment concluding that citizenship was an “unlikely indicator” of a threat.
Homeland security officials, speaking to reporters by telephone on Monday, pushed back against that news report, arguing that it was culled from public sources and excluded classified information that paints a more dangerous picture.
An official speaking on the call said the Justice Department had identified 300 “refugees” who were being investigated for their links to Islamist terrorist groups or for holding pro-Islamic State positions. Some of those people already have permanent resident status, the official said.
But homeland security and Justice Department officials declined to provide further details, and would not say how many of the 300 people being investigated came from the countries covered by the revised travel ban.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court ruled on Monday that courts must make an exception to the usual rule that jury deliberations are secret when evidence emerges that those discussions were marred by racial or ethnic bias.
“Racial bias implicates unique historical, constitutional and institutional concerns,” Justice Anthony M. Kennedy wrote for the majority in the 5-to-3 decision.
The case arose from statements made during jury deliberations in a 2010 sexual assault trial. “I think he did it because he’s Mexican, and Mexican men take whatever they want,” a juror said of the defendant, according to sworn statements from other jurors submitted by defense lawyers after the trial was over.
The juror, identified in court papers as H.C., was a former law enforcement officer. After the trial was over, two other jurors submitted sworn statements describing what he had said during deliberations. “He said that where he used to patrol, nine times out of 10 Mexican men were guilty of being aggressive toward women and young girls,” one juror recalled.
Those statements, Justice Kennedy wrote, warranted an investigation by the trial judge into deliberations that are ordinarily secret. Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen G. Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan joined the majority opinion.
In dissent, Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr., joined by Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justice Clarence Thomas, wrote that the majority opinion was a well intentioned but ill-considered intrusion into jurors’ privacy.
“This is a startling development,” Justice Alito wrote, “and although the court tries to limit the degree of intrusion, it is doubtful that there are principled grounds for preventing the expansion of today’s holding.”
Justice Kennedy wrote that the usual tools to root out biased jurors — questioning during jury selection and reports from jurors before they render a verdict — are less effective when race is at issue. Pointed questions about racism may exacerbate tensions, he wrote. And jurors may be reluctant, he added, to accuse one another of insensitivity.
“Not every offhand comment indicating racial bias or hostility will justify” an investigation into jurors’ deliberations, Justice Kennedy wrote. “For the inquiry to proceed, there must be a showing that one or more jurors made statements exhibiting overt racial bias that cast serious doubt on the fairness and impartiality of the jury’s deliberations and resulting verdict.”
In dissent, Justice Alito countered that it would be difficult to limit the sweep of the ruling. He added that the court’s constitutional analysis was flawed. “The real thrust of the majority opinion is that the Constitution is less tolerant of racial bias than other forms of juror misconduct, but it is hard to square this argument with the nature of the Sixth Amendment right on which petitioner’s argument and the court’s holding are based,” he wrote. “What the Sixth Amendment protects is the right to an ‘impartial jury.’ Nothing in the text or history of the amendment or in the inherent nature of the jury trial right suggests that the extent of the protection provided by the amendment depends on the nature of a jury’s partiality or bias.”
In earlier cases, the Supreme Court has said that even egregious misconduct in the jury room cannot be used to challenge a conviction if it would require jurors to testify about what was said there. Until Monday, though, the court had never confronted whether racial or ethnic prejudice requires an exception to the general rule.
In 1987, in Tanner v. United States, the Supreme Court let stand convictions in a mail fraud case in Florida even though the jury had treated the trial as “one big party” fueled by “rampant drug and alcohol abuse,” as one juror described it. During recesses, jurors drank pitchers of beer and liters of wine, and they used marijuana and cocaine.
Justice Sandra Day O’Connor, writing for the majority, said there were good reasons to ignore “irresponsible or improper juror behavior” if it was based on jurors’ accounts of what had gone on in the jury room.
After-the-fact challenges based on jurors’ testimony, she wrote, would make it less likely that jurors would speak candidly during deliberations. Allowing such challenges would encourage lawyers to harass former jurors, she said, and undermine the finality of verdicts.
In 2014, in Warger v. Shauers, the Supreme Court unanimously ruled that jurors may not testify about what went on during deliberations, even to expose dishonesty during jury selection.
But Justice Sotomayor, writing for the court, suggested that cases involving racial bias might require a different result. “There may be cases of juror bias so extreme that, almost by definition, the jury trial right has been abridged,” she wrote. “If and when such a case arises, the court can consider whether the usual safeguards are or are not sufficient to protect the integrity of the process.”
Monday’s decision addressed the question the court had deferred in 2014.
Miguel Angel Peña Rodriguez, who maintains that he is innocent, was convicted of harassing and trying to grope two teenage sisters in a racetrack bathroom. A defense witness testified that Mr. Peña Rodriguez was elsewhere at the time of the assault.
H.C., the juror said to have made the biased statements, was not persuaded by that testimony, according to a fellow juror. “He said he did not think the alibi witness was credible because, among other things, he was ‘an illegal,’” the fellow juror said.
The jury deadlocked on the most serious charge, a felony, but convicted Mr. Peña Rodriguez of three misdemeanors. He was sentenced to two years’ probation.
In Monday’s decision in Peña Rodriguez v. Colorado, No. 15-606, Justice Kennedy said the justice system must root out racial bias.
“The progress that has already been made,” he wrote, “underlies the court’s insistence that blatant racial prejudice is antithetical to the functioning of the jury system and must be confronted in egregious cases.”
Justice Alito responded that the majority’s motives were admirable but misguided, citing the 1987 decision. “The court’s decision is well-intentioned,” he wrote. “It seeks to remedy a flaw in the jury trial system, but as this court said some years ago, it is questionable whether our system of trial by jury can endure this attempt to perfect it.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Prompted by the Trump administration’s reversal of the federal government’s position on transgender rights, the Supreme Court announced on Monday that it would not decide whether a transgender boy in Virginia could use the boys’ bathroom at his high school.
The decision not to take his case, which came as the court is awaiting the appointment of a ninth member, means there will be no ruling on the highly charged issue of transgender rights this term. The issue will almost certainly return to the Supreme Court, probably in a year or two.
Until then, lawsuits in the lower courts will proceed, the political climate and public opinion may shift, and the court’s composition will almost certainly change.
Monday’s development was a setback for transgender rights advocates, who had hoped the Supreme Court, which established a constitutional right to same-sex marriage two years ago, would aid their cause. 
Instead, in a one-sentence order on Monday, the Supreme Court vacated an appeals court decision in favor of the student, Gavin Grimm, and sent the case back for further consideration in light of the new guidance from the administration.
The Supreme Court had agreed in October to hear the case, and the justices were scheduled to hear arguments this month. The case would have been the court’s first encounter with transgender rights, and it would probably have been one of the biggest decisions of a fairly sleepy term.
“Thousands of transgender students across the country will have to wait even longer for a final decision from our nation’s highest court affirming their basic rights,” said Sarah Warbelow, the legal director of the Human Rights Campaign.
Kerri Kupec, a lawyer with Alliance Defending Freedom, a conservative Christian group, welcomed Monday’s development.
“The first duty of school districts is to protect the bodily privacy rights of all of the students who attend their schools and to respect the rights of parents who understandably don’t want their children exposed in intimate changing areas like locker rooms and showers,” she said.
There are other cases on transgender rights in lower courts, including a challenge to a North Carolina law that, in government buildings, requires transgender people to use bathrooms that correspond with the gender listed on their birth certificates. The law has drawn protests, boycotts and lawsuits.
The question in the Virginia case was whether Mr. Grimm, 17, could use the boys’ bathroom in his southeast Virginia high school. The Obama administration said yes, relying on its interpretation of a federal regulation under a 1972 law, Title IX, that bans discrimination “on the basis of sex” in schools that receive federal money.
The Department of Education said in 2015 that schools “generally must treat transgender students consistent with their gender identity.” Last year, the department went further, saying that schools could lose federal money if they discriminated against transgender students.
The Trump administration withdrew that guidance last month, saying it had been formulated without “due regard for the primary role of the states and local school districts in establishing educational policy.”
The letter announcing the new policy, signed by officials in the Education and Justice Departments, said schools must still take steps to protect all students from “discrimination, bullying or harassment.”
Individual school districts remain free to let transgender students use the bathrooms of their choice. The practical effect of the Trump administration’s change in position was limited, as a federal court had issued a nationwide injunction barring enforcement of the Obama administration’s guidance.
It will now be up to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, in Richmond, Va., to answer whether Title IX protects the rights of Mr. Grimm and other transgender students.
Mr. Grimm attends Gloucester High School. For a time, school administrators allowed him to use the boys’ bathroom, but the local school board later adopted a policy that required students to use the bathrooms and locker rooms for their “corresponding biological genders.” The board added that “students with gender identity issues” would be allowed to use private bathrooms.
The American Civil Liberties Union, which represents Mr. Grimm, told the justices that requiring Mr. Grimm to use a private bathroom had been humiliating and had, quoting him, “turned him into ‘a public spectacle’ before the entire community, ‘like a walking freak show.’”
After Mr. Grimm challenged the school board’s bathroom policy in court in 2015, a divided Fourth Circuit panel ruled the policy unlawful. A trial judge then ordered school officials to let Mr. Grimm use the boys’ bathroom.
A 1975 regulation adopted under Title IX allowed schools to provide “separate toilet, locker rooms and shower facilities on the basis of sex.” The Fourth Circuit said that the rule was ambiguous and that the Education Department’s interpretation of it was entitled to “controlling weight.”
Both sides had hoped the Supreme Court would decide the case, Gloucester County School Board v. G.G., No. 16-273, even after the Trump administration withdrew its guidance on the meaning of the regulation.
In a letter to the justices last week, Joshua A. Block, a lawyer with the A.C.L.U., said the administration’s change in position did not render the case moot, as the basic question of what Title IX meant remained. “The underlying principle that discrimination against transgender individuals is a form of discrimination on the basis of sex has been widely accepted in the lower courts for years,” he wrote.
“Delaying resolution would provide no benefit to the court and would needlessly prolong harm to transgender students across the country awaiting this court’s decision,” Mr. Block wrote.
In a second letter, S. Kyle Duncan, a lawyer for the school board, agreed that the case should proceed, though he suggested a brief delay to allow the Trump administration to weigh in.
A ruling on the meaning of Title IX, Mr. Duncan wrote, “will save the parties — as well as public and private parties involved in similar disputes throughout the nation — enormous litigation costs as well as needless and divisive political controversy.”
The Supreme Court rejected those requests, apparently preferring to wait for a cleaner presentation of the issues in a different case.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The White House on Monday refused to acknowledge reports that James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director, had asked the Justice Department to refute President Trump’s claim that President Barack Obama wiretapped him during the 2016 presidential campaign, and said Mr. Trump still believes he was spied on.
Mr. Comey urged the Justice Department this weekend to push back against Mr. Trump’s claims, but the department has not said anything publicly. The New York Times first reported about Mr. Comey’s  request to the Justice Department on Sunday, and other news media organizations followed suit.
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, dismissed the stories on Monday. “I have not seen anything, aside from another report based on anonymous sources, that that actually happened,” Mr. Spicer said. “I’m not aware that that occurred. I don’t think that we’re aware that that occurred.”
Mr. Spicer did not say why Mr. Trump or other administration officials had not reached out directly to the Justice Department or Mr. Comey to find out whether Mr. Trump’s accusations are true. And Mr. Spicer provided little evidence to back up Mr. Trump’s claim about Mr. Obama.
At one point, Mr. Spicer pointed to comments by Michael Mukasey, who served as attorney general in the administration of George W. Bush, as evidence of the eavesdropping. Mr. Mukasey said on television Sunday that based on reports he had read in the press, he believed Mr. Trump was probably right about the surveillance.
“There’s no question that something happened,” Mr. Spicer said. “The question is: Is it surveillance, or wiretapping or whatever?”
Mr. Spicer said that Mr. Trump still had confidence in the F.B.I. director. “There’s nothing that I have been told by him that would leave me to believe that anything is different than it was prior,” Mr. Spicer said.
But the president could be headed for a confrontation with Mr. Comey that would pit the administration against the head of the nation’s leading law enforcement agency, which is conducting an inquiry into links between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russia.
Mr. Trump, who has already fired his national security adviser and acting attorney general, could dismiss Mr. Comey, but that would probably lead to significant backlash from lawmakers and federal authorities who would see such a move as an attempt to influence the Russia investigation.
Mr. Trump started the controversy early Saturday morning with a series of Twitter posts.
“Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower just before the victory,” Mr. Trump said. “Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!”
Mr. Trump added: “This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!”
The White House has not officially said what led Mr. Trump to make the claims. But administration officials have acknowledged that they were primarily prompted by unverified claims by Breitbart News and conservative talk radio hosts that secret warrants were issued authorizing tapping the phones of Mr. Trump and his aides.
Mr. Comey was said to be disturbed by Mr. Trump’s claims about Mr. Obama, which insinuated that the F.B.I. had broken the law and raised the public’s expectations about how much evidence federal authorities might have had on Mr. Trump. For the Justice Department to have obtained a warrant to eavesdrop on him, federal authorities would have had to prove to a judge that there was significant evidence that he was breaking the law or was the agent of a foreign power.
Along with asking the House and Senate Intelligence Committees to investigate whether Mr. Obama eavesdropped on Mr. Trump, Mr. Spicer called on the committees to investigate what he called a steady stream of national security leaks since Mr. Trump took office. Mr. Spicer said the White House would not commit to accepting the findings of those investigations.
“I don’t think you would ever just blanketly say, ‘I’m going to accept any outcome,’” Mr. Spicer said.
Some Republicans said on Monday that spying was a hallmark of Mr. Obama’s administration, claiming that during his time in office the Internal Revenue Service targeted conservative groups. Other Republicans defended the impartiality of the Justice Department and F.B.I.
“I don’t think the F.B.I. is the Obama team, and I don’t think the men and women who are career prosecutors at D.O.J. belong to any team other than a blindfolded woman holding a set of scales,” Representative Trey Gowdy, Republican of South Carolina, said in an interview on Fox News.
“We have certain tools this country needs to keep us safe — and it is great and wise and prudent and legal for those tools to be used lawfully and appropriately,” Mr. Gowdy said, referring to court-approved wiretapping. “If they are not used lawfully and appropriately, there is a paper trail, and we will be able to find it out.”
Mr. Gowdy, who headed the committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on American outposts in Benghazi, Libya, said that with the Obama administration out of office, “any information that the current Department of Justice has that suggests the previous Department of Justice acted inappropriately — they are welcome to release it.”
Senator Patrick Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, said he had “never seen anything so outlandish, outrageous or incomprehensible” as Mr. Trump’s claims.
“I’ve never seen anything like this — ever — since I’ve been here,” Mr. Leahy said. “It is completely unprecedented, and it is destructive of our democracy.”



ARTICLE
Last week at the Supreme Court, a lawyer made what seemed like an unremarkable point about registered sex offenders.
“This court has recognized that they have a high rate of recidivism and are very likely to do this again,” said the lawyer, Robert C. Montgomery, who was defending a North Carolina statute that bars sex offenders from using Facebook, Twitter and other social media services.
The Supreme Court has indeed said the risk that sex offenders will commit new crimes is “frightening and high.” That phrase, in a 2003 decision upholding Alaska’s sex offender registration law, has been exceptionally influential. It has appeared in more than 100 lower-court opinions, and it has helped justify laws that effectively banish registered sex offenders from many aspects of everyday life.
But there is vanishingly little evidence for the Supreme Court’s assertion that convicted sex offenders commit new offenses at very high rates. The story behind the notion, it turns out, starts with a throwaway line in a glossy magazine.
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy’s majority opinion in the 2003 case, Smith v. Doe, cited one of his own earlier opinions for support, and that opinion did include a startling statistic. “The rate of recidivism of untreated offenders has been estimated to be as high as 80 percent,” Justice Kennedy wrote in the earlier case, McKune v. Lile.
He cited what seemed to be a good source for the statistic: “A Practitioner’s Guide to Treating the Incarcerated Male Sex Offender,” published in 1988 by the Justice Department.
The guide, a compendium of papers from outside experts, is 231 pages long, and it contains lots of statistics on sex offender recidivism rates. Many of them were in the single digits, some a little higher. Only one source claimed an 80 percent rate, and the guide itself said that number might be exaggerated.
The source of the 80 percent figure was a 1986 article in Psychology Today, a magazine written for a general audience. The article was about a counseling program run by the authors, and they made a statement that could be good for business. “Most untreated sex offenders released from prison go on to commit more offenses — indeed, as many as 80 percent do,” the article said, without evidence or elaboration.
That’s it. The basis for much of American jurisprudence and legislation about sex offenders was rooted in an offhand and unsupported statement in a mass-market magazine, not a peer-reviewed journal.
“Unfortunately,” Melissa Hamilton wrote in a new article in The Boston College Law Review, “the Supreme Court’s scientifically dubious guidance on the actual risk of recidivism that sex offenders pose has been unquestionably repeated by almost all other lower courts that have upheld the public safety need for targeted sex offender restrictions.”
The most detailed examination of how all of this came to pass was in a 2015 article in Constitutional Commentary by Ira Mark Ellman and Tara Ellman, who were harshly critical of the Supreme Court.
“Its endorsement has transformed random opinions by self-interested nonexperts into definitive studies offered to justify law and policy, while real studies by real scientists go unnoticed,” the authors wrote. “The court’s casual approach to the facts of sex offender re-offense rates is far more frightening than the rates themselves.”
There are many ways to calculate recidivism rates, and they vary depending on a host of distinctions. A 2014 Justice Department report found, for instance, that sex offenders generally have low overall recidivism rates for crimes. But they are more likely to commit additional sex offenses than other criminals.
In the three years after release from prison, 1.3 percent of people convicted of other kinds of crimes were arrested for sex offenses, compared to 5.3 percent of sex offenders. Those findings are broadly consistent with seven reports in various states, which found that people convicted of sex crimes committed new sex offenses at rates of 1.7 percent to 5.7 percent in time periods ranging from three to 10 years.
The Justice Department report said the risk of new sex offenses by convicted sex offenders rises over time, reaching 27 percent over 20 years.
That number is significant, but it is nothing like 80 percent. Perhaps it is sufficient to warrant harsh sex offender registry laws, but judges and lawmakers would have been better served by basing their judgments on the best available data.
Lower courts generally accept what the Supreme Court says. That is true not only about the law but also about facts subject to independent verification. Last year, though, the federal appeals court in Cincinnati gently suggested that the Supreme Court had taken a wrong turn in its 2003 decision in Smith v. Doe.
Judge Alice M. Batchelder, writing for a unanimous three-judge panel, described “the significant doubt cast by recent empirical studies on the pronouncement in Smith that ‘the risk of recidivism posed by sex offenders is “frightening and high.’”
The appeals court struck down a particularly strict Michigan sex-offender law as a violation of the Constitution’s ex post facto clause, saying it retroactively imposed punishment on people who had committed offenses before the law was enacted. The state has asked the Supreme Court to consider the case, Does v. Snyder, No. 16-768. The first paragraph of its petition says that the risk of recidivism “remains ‘frightening and high.’”
The constitutional question in the case is interesting and substantial. And hearing the case would allow the court to consider more fully its casual assertion that sex offenders are especially dangerous.



ARTICLE
SAN FRANCISCO — The engineers of Silicon Valley are fine-tuning driverless cars, building robots designed to replicate the human brain and shaving milliseconds off internet response times.
Their trip to work, however, can be a throwback to the predigital age. The region’s commuter rail line is saddled with aging, smoke-spewing, diesel-powered locomotives.
For more than a decade, the managers of the Silicon Valley railway, known as Caltrain, have been planning to upgrade to faster and less polluting electric trains.
But those plans are now imperiled by the Trump administration’s decision in February to withhold a $647 million federal grant.
In this impasse, some transportation experts see a foretaste of the political infighting and financial hurdles that could plague the nationwide infrastructure projects that President Trump is promising. Reviving America’s rusted and sagging infrastructure is one of the few areas where it seemed Democrats and Republicans could agree. But making these projects a reality — the “new roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and railways gleaming across our beautiful land” that Mr. Trump enumerated to Congress last week — will require political cooperation and accommodations that are increasingly rare in ultrapartisan times.
In the case of Caltrain, the decision to withhold the grant came after California’s Republican congressional delegation asked the transportation secretary, Elaine L. Chao, to withdraw funding because the electrified system also would be used for the state’s bigger high-speed rail project, a plan they vehemently oppose.
The high-speed rail line connecting San Francisco to Los Angeles is the most ambitious rail plan in the country and has been in the works for more than two decades with a projected cost of $64 billion. The project calls for completion in 2029.
Despite initial support, Republicans now regard the high-speed project as too costly.
“We have said no more federal dollars will go to California high-speed rail,” said Representative Jeff Denham, a Republican who is chairman of the House Subcommittee on Railroads. “We’re very strong on that position.”
In an interview, Mr. Denham said the project should immediately stop.
There has long been tension in California between advocates of more freeways and those favoring public transport. But the high-speed rail project had bipartisan support in its early stages. It was formally started in 1996 by Republican Gov. Pete Wilson and was supported by another Republican governor, Arnold Schwarzenegger.
That consensus is long gone. The letter penned by the state’s 14 Republican members of Congress, including Kevin McCarthy, the House majority leader, called the project a “boondoggle” and described the Caltrain grant as an “irresponsible use of taxpayer dollars.”
Caltrain and the high-speed rail project are administratively separate, but a 2013 agreement to share tracks as a cost-saving measure raised Republican ire.
Defunding the electrification of the Silicon Valley corridor has immediate consequences for the system’s 65,000 daily commuters. Caltrain had hoped to switch to its electric system by 2021. The current trains are overcrowded and breakdowns are frequent; there are more than 19 mechanical failures per month, according to Caltrain engineers. Two-thirds of the fleet has “reached the end of its useful life,” Caltrain says.
At the rail line’s maintenance depot, engineers say they have trouble finding parts for the locomotives, which were built in the 1980s. And new maintenance workers need lectures from veteran technicians because they have no experience working on such old equipment.
“You change out parts here and there,” said Joe Navarro, director of operations and maintenance at Caltrain. “We are putting Band-Aids on. It’s very challenging.”
Getting to work by car or bus is often not a better alternative in Silicon Valley. A recent study found that the San Francisco Bay Area has the nation’s third-most-congested roads.
“We are lucky to live in a place where innovation is in the DNA, but we don’t see that for public transport,” said Sridhar Iyer, a software engineer for Twitter who rides the double-decker Caltrain that runs near the headquarters of Apple, Facebook and Google. “The whole thing is stuck in the past.”
In recent weeks, more than a dozen leaders of Silicon Valley firms called lawmakers to urge that the federal money be released for the Caltrain electrification project, according to Carl Guardino, the president of the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, which represents most of the region’s large tech companies.
Mr. Guardino called the Republican campaign to block funding “a misinformed effort.”
“The most important asset of the innovation economy are our employees,” he said. “When they are stuck and stalled in traffic they are not productively creating the future.”
The specific objection by Republicans is that $600 million of state funds allocated to Caltrain’s electrification were initially authorized by a 2008 referendum on high-speed rail, known as Proposition 1A.
“They are stealing Prop 1A money and using it for something else,” Mr. Denham said.
Caltrain says that although the two trains will use the same tracks, the electrification project is “independent” and high-speed rail’s use of the corridor will require a separate environmental review.
The bigger picture, proponents of the electrification project say, is that the commuter rail project deserves the support of the Trump administration because it meets the broad criteria of its infrastructure push — it will be made in America by American workers. Almost all of the materials for the new train system will be sourced from factories across 14 states. Caltrain estimates the project will create nearly 10,000 jobs.
“This is the perfect project if you care about infrastructure, if you care about jobs and if you care about focusing on areas that are going to deliver long-term economic benefit,” said Stuart Cohen, the executive director of TransForm, a nonprofit group that advocates public transportation.
The state High-Speed Rail Authority is making a similar pitch. “Every ounce of the steel, every ounce of the concrete is domestic,” Dan Richard, the authority’s chairman, said. “We are reaching out to the Trump administration to make the case that this is entirely consistent with the president’s vision.”
An opinion poll by the Public Policy Institute of California last year showed a slim majority of respondents — 52 percent — support the high-speed rail project.
Outside Fresno, a city in California’s Central Valley surrounded by almond and fruit orchards and racked by poverty, about 1,000 workers have been employed on the project to build viaducts and tunnels at 10 construction sites.
The Finance Department of Gov. Jerry Brown, a Democrat, decided on Friday that the project was ready to lay some track and approved $2.6 billion in spending. But there are lingering questions about how the later stages of the project will be financed, especially if Congress blocks more federal support.
Although the authority was established more than two decades, ago it was only in 2013 that construction began on the first, 119-mile segment of the project.
Mayor Lee Brand of Fresno, a Republican, supports the project, which would make Silicon Valley a 45-minute train ride away by 2025.
“I don’t look at this ideologically,” Mr. Brand said. “I look at it practically. The city of Fresno can enjoy a major benefit from what’s going on with high-speed rail. This is a poor city that needs all the help it can get.”
Tom Richards, a real estate developer in Fresno who is on the authority’s board, said the rail connection could encourage tech companies to set up in the city and workers to commute to well-paying jobs in Silicon Valley.
“This is a whole story about connecting California together,” he said.



ARTICLE
Standing before political and business leaders in New York last fall, Alexander Nix promised a revolution.
Many companies compete in the market for political microtargeting, using huge data sets and sophisticated software to identify and persuade voters. But Mr. Nix’s little-known firm, Cambridge Analytica, claimed to have developed something unique: “psychographic” profiles that could predict the personality and hidden political leanings of every American adult.
“Of the two candidates left in the election, one of them is using these technologies,” Mr. Nix said, referring to Donald J. Trump.
Capitalizing on its work for the man who is now president, Cambridge has pitched potential clients in the United States ranging from MasterCard and the New York Yankees to the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Ahead of this year’s elections in Europe, Mr. Nix is promoting the four-year-old United States-based company abroad, too.
Cambridge Analytica’s rise has rattled some of President Trump’s critics and privacy advocates, who warn of a blizzard of high-tech, Facebook-optimized propaganda aimed at the American public, controlled by the people behind the alt-right hub Breitbart News. Cambridge is principally owned by the billionaire Robert Mercer, a Trump backer and investor in Breitbart. Stephen K. Bannon, the former Breitbart chairman who is Mr. Trump’s senior White House counselor, served until last summer as vice president of Cambridge’s board.
But a dozen Republican consultants and former Trump campaign aides, along with current and former Cambridge employees, say the company’s ability to exploit personality profiles — “our secret sauce,” Mr. Nix once called it — is exaggerated.
Cambridge executives now concede that the company never used psychographics in the Trump campaign. The technology — prominently featured in the firm’s sales materials and in media reports that cast Cambridge as a master of the dark campaign arts — remains unproved, according to former employees and Republicans familiar with the firm’s work.
“They’ve got a lot of really smart people,” said Brent Seaborn, managing partner of TargetPoint, a rival business that also provided voter data to the Trump campaign. “But it’s not as easy as it looks to transition from being excellent at one thing and bringing it into politics. I think there’s a big question about whether we think psychographic profiling even works.”
At stake are not merely bragging rights, but also an emerging science that many believe could reshape American politics and commerce. Big data companies already know your age, income, favorite cereal and when you last voted. But the company that can perfect psychological targeting could offer far more potent tools: the ability to manipulate behavior by understanding how someone thinks and what he or she fears.
A voter deemed neurotic might be shown a gun-rights commercial featuring burglars breaking into a home, rather than a defense of the Second Amendment; political ads warning of the dangers posed by the Islamic State could be targeted directly at voters prone to anxiety, rather than wasted on those identified as optimistic.
“You can do things that you would not have dreamt of before,” said Alexander Polonsky, chief data scientist at Bloom, a consulting firm that offers “emotion analysis” of social networks and has worked with the center-right Republican Party in France.
“It goes beyond sharing information,” he added. “It’s sharing the thinking and the feeling behind this information, and that’s extremely powerful.”
Both conservatives and liberals are eager to harness that power. In Washington, some Democratic operatives are scrambling to develop personality-profiling capabilities of their own. But even as Cambridge seeks to expand its business among conservative groups, questions about its performance have soured many Republicans in Mr. Trump’s orbit.
Cambridge is no longer in contention to work for Mr. Trump at the Republican National Committee, a company spokesman confirmed, nor is it working for America First Policies, a new nonprofit formed to help advance the president’s agenda.
In recent months, the value of Cambridge’s technology has been debated by technology experts and in some media accounts. But Cambridge officials, in recent interviews, defended the company’s record during the 2016 election, saying its data analysis helped Mr. Trump energize critical support in the Rust Belt. Mr. Nix said the firm had conducted tens of thousands of polls for Mr. Trump, helping guide his message and identify issues that mattered to voters.
But when asked to name a single race where the firm’s flagship product had been critical to victory, Mr. Nix declined.
“We bake a cake, it’s got 10 ingredients in it. Psychographics is one of them,” he said. “It’s very difficult to isolate exactly what the impact of that ingredient is.”
Cambridge’s parent company, the London-based Strategic Communication Laboratories Group, has a long record of trying to understand and influence behavior. Founded in 1993 by a former British adman, the firm has worked for companies and candidates around the world, as well as for government and military clients. SCL has studied Pakistani jihadists for the British government and provided intelligence assessments for American defense contractors in Iran, Libya and Syria, according to company documents obtained by The New York Times.
“Their approach was seen as serious and focused,” said Mark Laity, chief of strategic communications at NATO’s military headquarters in Europe, who has taken part in NATO-affiliated conferences where SCL has made presentations.
In recent years, the company has moved to exploit the revolution in big data to predict human behavior more precisely, working with scientists from the Cambridge University Psychometrics Center. The United States represented a critical new market. Europe has strict privacy protections that limit the use of personal information, but America is more lightly regulated, allowing the sale of huge troves of consumer data to any company or candidate who can afford them.
In 2013, Cambridge Analytica was created as SCL’s American operation, and the two companies today share many of their roughly 200 employees, several top executives, and offices in New York and Washington.
To develop its profiling system, Cambridge conducts detailed psychological surveys — by phone and online — of tens of thousands of people, differentiating them by five traits, a model widely used by behavioral researchers.
Uniquely, the company claims to be able to extrapolate those findings to millions of other people it has not surveyed, assigning them one of 32 distinct personality types. Cambridge then blends those profiles with commercial data and voting histories, revealing “hidden voter trends and behavioral triggers,” according to a 2016 company brochure.
Those profiles, in turn, would allow campaigns to customize advertising, direct-mail slogans and door-knocking scripts, each calibrated to prod the targeted voter toward — or away from — a candidate.
The promise of psychometrics appealed to Mr. Mercer, a computer scientist who made a fortune helping to lead Renaissance Technologies, a Long Island-based hedge fund. Mr. Mercer and his daughter Rebekah presided over a growing political empire that included millions of dollars in contributions to conservative groups and a stake in Breitbart, whose nationalist and racially antagonistic content prefigured Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign.
Mr. Mercer became Cambridge’s principal investor, according to two former employees. (Like several others interviewed for this article, they spoke on the condition of anonymity, citing nondisclosure agreements and the threat of lawsuits.) Mr. Bannon, the family’s political guru, also advised the company and served as vice president of its board, according to Delaware public records.
Mr. Mercer has never spoken publicly about his policy views in depth, but his giving is eclectic: He has financed anti-Clinton documentaries, right-wing media watchdogs, libertarian think tanks and both Senator Ted Cruz, a religious conservative, and Mr. Trump, a thrice-married nationalist.
“The genius here is Bob, and the billionaire in this is Bob, and the person with the extreme views of how the world should be is Bob,” said David Magerman, a Renaissance research scientist who was recently suspended after criticizing his boss’s support for Mr. Trump.
In the run-up to the 2014 elections, Breitbart, under Mr. Bannon, set up a London office and made common cause with populist conservatives in Europe. But back in the United States, Cambridge was at first slow to land big accounts. It was rebuffed by the political network overseen by the billionaire conservative brothers Charles G. and David H. Koch, to which the Mercers were major donors. Federal Election Commission records show that the firm had nine clients in House and Senate races that year, among them three “super PACs” partly financed by Mr. Mercer.
As the 2016 presidential campaign began, however, Cambridge landed a marquee political client: Mr. Cruz, the Texas senator. Mr. Mercer seeded a super PAC with $11 million to support him.
Cambridge had a talented salesman in Mr. Nix, an Eton-educated SCL director chosen to lead the American effort. Among colleagues, his skills at cajoling clients are legendary. At an office party at a London dog track in the summer of 2015, one young employee offered an affectionate toast.
“He is so smooth he’ll rub shoulders with politicians and their campaigns,” the employee joked, according to a video of the event posted on YouTube, “and, in their face, tell them he’s going to rip them off.”
But Cambridge’s psychographic models proved unreliable in the Cruz presidential campaign, according to Rick Tyler, a former Cruz aide, and another consultant involved in the campaign. In one early test, more than half the Oklahoma voters whom Cambridge had identified as Cruz supporters actually favored other candidates. The campaign stopped using Cambridge’s data entirely after the South Carolina primary.
“When they were hired, from the outset it didn’t strike me that they had a wide breadth of experience in the American political landscape,” Mr. Tyler said.
Ms. Mercer and Mr. Bannon were aggressive advocates for Cambridge. When the campaign disputed a $2.5 million invoice, they lit into Mr. Cruz’s senior campaign team during a conference call, according to the consultant. Cambridge Analytica, Ms. Mercer and Mr. Bannon claimed, was the only thing keeping Mr. Cruz afloat. (The company declined to comment on the exchange, as did a personal spokeswoman for Mr. Bannon and the Mercers.)
After the Cruz campaign flamed out, Mr. Nix persuaded Mr. Trump’s digital director, Brad Parscale, to try out the firm. Its data products were considered for Mr. Trump’s critical get-out-the-vote operation. But tests showed Cambridge’s data and models were slightly less effective than the existing Republican National Committee system, according to three former Trump campaign aides.
Mr. Bannon at one point agreed to expand the company’s role, according to the aides, authorizing Cambridge to oversee a $5 million purchase of television ads. But after some of them appeared on cable channels in Washington, D.C. — hardly an election battleground — Cambridge’s involvement in television targeting ended.
In postelection conversations with potential clients, Cambridge has promoted itself as the brains behind Mr. Trump’s upset victory. One brochure circulated to clients this year, which details Cambridge’s expertise in behavioral targeting, also calls the company’s “pivotal role” in electing Mr. Trump its “biggest success politically in the United States.”
Trump aides, though, said Cambridge had played a relatively modest role, providing personnel who worked alongside other analytics vendors on some early digital advertising and using conventional microtargeting techniques. Later in the campaign, Cambridge also helped set up Mr. Trump’s polling operation and build turnout models used to guide the candidate’s spending and travel schedule. None of those efforts involved psychographics.
In some recent public settings, Cambridge executives have acknowledged that. “I don’t want to break your heart; we actually didn’t do any psychographics with the Trump campaign,” Matt Oczkowski, Cambridge’s head of product, said at a postelection panel hosted by Google in December.
The firm’s claims about its client base have also shifted. As recently as October, the firm said it had 50 clients in the 2016 elections. But a company spokesman said federal elections records showing just a dozen were correct.
The spokesman also said neither Cambridge nor SCL had done any work, paid or unpaid, with the pro-“Brexit” Leave.eu campaign last year, although Mr. Nix once claimed that Cambridge had helped “supercharge” Leave.eu’s social media campaign. British authorities are now investigating the company’s exact role with Leave.eu and whether Cambridge’s techniques violated British and European privacy laws.
At a conference in Munich last month, Alexander Tayler, Cambridge’s chief data officer, dodged a question about whether Cambridge would work with far-right parties in European elections this year. He also played down the role of psychological profiling in the company’s work, much of which, Mr. Tayler suggested, is still based on traditional data analytics and marketing.
“It’s not about being sinister,” Mr. Tayler said. “It’s not about tricking people into voting for a candidate who they wouldn’t otherwise support. It’s just about making marketing more efficient.”
Even before the election, according to one former employee, Cambridge employees attended sessions about soliciting government business in the United States — where Mr. Trump now oversees the federal bureaucracy and Mr. Bannon is arguably the White House’s most powerful staff member. According to documents obtained by The Times, SCL is pursuing work for at least a dozen federal agencies, including the Commerce Department and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
Mr. Bannon’s spokeswoman said he stepped down from the Cambridge board in August, when he joined the Trump campaign, and “has no financial involvement” with the firm currently. She declined to say whether Mr. Bannon previously held equity in the firm.
Late last month, SCL executives met with Pentagon officials who advise the Joint Chiefs of Staff on information warfare. A reference document submitted in advance of that meeting indicates that the company has worked as a subcontractor on roughly a dozen Pentagon projects, many of them “counter-radicalization” assessments in Pakistan and Yemen.
Such intelligence work is the bread and butter of SCL’s government contracting in other countries. And the firm’s experience in trying to influence Muslim sentiment abroad dovetails with Mr. Trump and Mr. Bannon’s focus on combating the Islamic State.
The Washington Post reported last month that SCL had secured a contract for a similar program at the State Department and was seeking military and Homeland Security work.
In an email, a Joint Chiefs spokesman confirmed that the Pentagon meeting, first reported by BuzzFeed, had occurred, but said he could not elaborate on the discussions “in order to avoid any undue influence or unintended consequences.”
At the moment, according to former employees, Cambridge has relatively few well-known corporate clients in the United States. Among them are ECI New York, a clothing company, and Goldline, which sells gold coins and markets heavily to listeners of conservative talk radio.
A spokesman for MasterCard declined to say if it would do business with Cambridge. The Yankees did not sign on.
But Mr. Nix appears to have bigger ambitions. “I think were are on the cusp of something enormous,” he said.
Data science is about to reshape marketing, Mr. Nix maintained, and the big advertising conglomerates would survive only by developing their own targeting technology — or acquiring companies like Cambridge.
“Those agencies that don’t adapt will die,” Mr. Nix said.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump is expected to issue on Monday a new version of his executive order on immigration that excludes Iraq, a key ally in the fight against the Islamic State, from a list of predominantly Muslim countries whose citizens will face temporary restrictions on travel to the United States.
The new order would temporarily stop all refugee admissions to the United States, said a senior administration official familiar with it. The previous version included a 120-day ban on all refugees other than Syrians, who were barred indefinitely.
The new order removes the extra restrictions on Syrian refugees. It is unclear how long the temporary ban would last.
The earlier order has been blocked by the courts; the change on refugees is intended to help the new version withstand legal scrutiny. The new order would not affect people with green cards or those holding a valid visa at the time the order is signed.
While some provisions in the new order have been relaxed, Mr. Trump and immigration hard-liners in the administration are expected to assert that the new version is no less strict because it retains a temporary ban on refugees.
The senior administration official said Iraq had been removed from the travel ban after Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson had discussions with the Iraqi government about its vetting processes. The Iraqi officials insisted that their vetting system was thorough enough on its own.
Some American officials had expressed concern that the restrictions would have affected Iraqis who had worked with the American military as interpreters or in other roles and sought to come to the United States.
The official said the executive order is expected to be signed on Monday. David Lapan, a spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security, referred all questions about the new executive order to the White House.
Mr. Trump’s previous order — which temporarily barred visitors from Iraq, Syria, Sudan, Iran, Somalia, Libya and Yemen — set off chaos and confusion at airports around the world. The new order retains a temporary travel ban on the six countries other than Iraq.
After the first order was issued in January, passengers, many of them with green cards that allow them to live and work in the United States, were barred from flights into the country. Other people with visas were suddenly unsure if they would be allowed into the United States, and many of those who managed to arrive were stopped at airports.
While the new restrictions are intended to withstand legal scrutiny, they are likely to set off similar court challenges.
The previous executive order was criticized by several former high-ranking diplomatic and security officials, who said there was no national security purpose for the travel ban.
Trump administration officials, including John F. Kelly, the homeland security secretary, defended the previous restrictions, saying they were needed because the countries listed did not have vetting systems in place that could guarantee that immigrants and other travelers from those nations did not pose a threat to the United States.
“I believe that the travel pause from all of those countries will give us time to evaluate those countries and the information they can provide us, which will ultimately lead to safety for the American people,” Mr. Kelly told a Senate committee last month.
But an intelligence assessment from Mr. Kelly’s own department said there was little evidence that those travelers posed an unusual threat.
The three-page report found that “country of citizenship is unlikely to be a reliable indicator of potential terrorist activity.”
The assessment, first reported by The Associated Press, found that only a small number of people from the seven countries had been involved in terrorism-related activities in the United States since the Syrian civil war began in 2011.
The report also found that in the past six years, the terrorism threat had reached much more widely than the seven countries listed: People from 26 countries had been “inspired” to carry out attacks in the United States, it said.
The new order is the first of several security measures planned for America’s borders. Mr. Trump has ordered the Department of Homeland Security to hire an additional 5,000 Border Patrol agents, and Customs and Border Protection has begun accepting design proposals for a wall along the border with Mexico.
Mr. Kelly said the administration was considering requiring foreign visitors to provide lists of the websites they have visited. This would enable intelligence officials “to get on those websites to see what they’re looking at,” he told senators last month.
The United States also made changes to the visa waiver program in 2016 that made it harder for travelers to enter the United States from Europe if they had dual citizenship from Iran, Iraq, Sudan or Syria, or had visited one of those countries, or Libya, Somalia or Yemen, since 2011.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — It began at 6 p.m. Thursday as a conspiratorial rant on conservative talk radio: President Barack Obama had used the “instrumentalities of the federal government” to wiretap the Republican seeking to succeed him. This “is the big scandal,” Mark Levin, the host, told his listeners.
By Friday morning, the unsubstantiated allegation had been picked up by Breitbart News, the site once headed by President Trump’s chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon. Less than 24 hours later, the president embraced the conspiracy in a series of Twitter posts accusing his predecessor of spying on him, setting in motion the latest head-spinning, did-he-really-say-that furor of Mr. Trump’s six-week-old presidency.
Previous presidents usually measured their words to avoid a media feeding frenzy, but Mr. Trump showed again over the weekend that he feeds off the frenzy. Uninhibited by the traditional protocols of his office, he makes the most incendiary assertions based on shreds of suspicion. He does so without consulting some of his most senior aides, or even agencies of his own government that might have contrary information. After setting off a public firestorm with no proof, he then calls for an investigation to find the missing evidence.
To his adversaries, Mr. Trump’s bomb-throwing seems like a calculated strategy to distract from another story he wants to avoid. In this case, they said Sunday, he clearly wanted to turn the conversation away from Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who recused himself last week from any federal investigation into the Trump campaign’s links with Russia in response to reports that he had met with Russia’s ambassador during the presidential race. Instead of what Mr. Sessions did or did not do, the Sunday talk shows were dominated by discussion about what Mr. Obama did or did not do.
But in shifting the story, Mr. Trump also kept the Russia investigation front and center, rather than his initiatives on health care, taxes or jobs. His first address to Congress, which won him plaudits for being presidential, was last week but now feels ages ago. Even some Republicans pointed out that if an eavesdropping warrant had been approved, it would mean that a judge was convinced that someone in Mr. Trump’s circle might have committed a crime or acted as a foreign agent.
“I’m very worried that our president is suggesting that the former president has done something illegally,” Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, told the audience at a town hall-style meeting in his home state over the weekend. At the same time, he said, “I would be very worried if, in fact, the Obama administration was able to obtain a warrant lawfully about Trump campaign activity with a foreign government.”
This was hardly the first time Mr. Trump made a shocking accusation without evidence. He claimed that more than three million people voted against him illegally in November, giving Hillary Clinton a victory in the popular vote. Republican and Democratic officials alike said there was no indication of any such thing, and Mr. Trump’s promised investigation has so far led nowhere.
Nor was it the first time Mr. Trump leveled astonishing allegations against Mr. Obama. He spent years promoting the false claim that Mr. Obama was not born in the United States, promising an investigation to uncover the truth and backing down only last year, during his campaign. And last summer, he asserted that Mr. Obama was “the founder of ISIS.”
The White House remained firm on Sunday even after Mr. Obama’s office denied ordering a wiretap and James R. Clapper Jr., the former director of national intelligence, said on NBC’s “Meet the Press” that there had been no wiretapping of Mr. Trump or his campaign. James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director, privately asked the Justice Department to issue a statement that Mr. Trump’s claim was false, senior officials said, but the department had not done so as of Sunday evening.
“Everybody acts like President Trump is the one that came up with this idea and just threw it out there,” Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a White House spokeswoman, said on “This Week” on ABC News. “There are multiple news outlets that have reported this. And all we’re asking is that we get the same level of look into the Obama administration and the potential that they had for a complete abuse of power that they’ve been claiming that we have done over the last six months.”
Ms. Sanders pointed to reports in “multiple outlets,” including The New York Times, as the foundation for the allegation. Mr. Levin, the radio host, likewise read from a series of mainstream news reports during an appearance on “Fox & Friends” on Sunday.
“The evidence is overwhelming,” he said. “This is not about President Trump’s tweeting. This is about the Obama administration’s spying, and the question isn’t whether it spied.” He added, “The question is who they did spy on, the extent of the spying — that is, the Trump campaign, the Trump transition, Trump surrogates.”
But the news organizations he and Ms. Sanders cited have not reported that Mr. Obama tapped Mr. Trump’s phones, as the president claimed on Twitter. The Times has reported that several of Mr. Trump’s associates are being investigated for their connections with Russians and that law enforcement agencies have examined intercepted communications. It has not reported that those associates themselves have necessarily been wiretapped, but it has reported surveillance of Russians, which is commonplace.
News outlets have noted that a phone call between Michael T. Flynn, Mr. Trump’s first national security adviser, and Russia’s ambassador to the United States, Sergey I. Kislyak, was monitored, leading to Mr. Flynn’s resignation because his account of the conversation did not match the intercept. It is common for the United States to monitor the communications of Russia’s ambassador.
The Times also reported that before leaving office, Obama officials tried to spread information about Russian meddling in the election and possible links between Russia and Trump associates, in order to leave a trail for government investigators.
Some Republicans suggested that Mr. Trump might have extrapolated that into an unfounded assertion. “I think the president was not correct, certainly, in saying that President Obama ordered a tap on a server in Trump Tower,” former Attorney General Michael B. Mukasey said on “This Week.” “However, I think he’s right in that there was surveillance and that it was conducted at the behest of the attorney — of the Justice Department,” through the special court that authorizes eavesdropping on suspected foreign agents inside the United States.
Conservative radio hosts like Mr. Levin and Rush Limbaugh have focused on Mr. Obama’s “tactics” for a while. But it was not until Breitbart published its story that the specific claims crossed Mr. Trump’s desk.
Mr. Trump’s aides — including Mr. Bannon, an anti-establishment figure who has long questioned the motives of parts of the extensive intelligence bureaucracy — have believed for a long time that the Obama administration colluded with federal investigators who were searching for activity between Russian officials and the Trump campaign surrounding the hacking of Democratic National Committee emails.
They have never offered evidence, but Mr. Trump has long dabbled in conspiracy theories. So when Mr. Trump became aware of the claims in the Breitbart article, aides said, they were appealing to him. It was not immediately clear if someone printed the article out for him or if it was part of a collection of Twitter posts and news articles that his aides present to him each day. But it resonated.
Aides say Mr. Trump went into Friday in a foul mood. He had not known ahead of time that Mr. Sessions planned to recuse himself and never thought he should, even after Mr. Sessions acknowledged that he had talked to Mr. Kislyak despite suggesting otherwise in his Senate confirmation hearing.
Mr. Trump told some advisers that he thought Mr. Sessions had fumbled his answer at that hearing. But on Friday morning in an angry session in the Oval Office, the president railed at aides about the recusal, singling out the White House counsel’s office and the communications staff in a tirade visible through the window to a nearby television camera.
Still upset after arriving at Mar-a-Lago, his estate in Palm Beach, Fla., Mr. Trump woke up Saturday morning and began posting on Twitter at 6:26 a.m. In a burst of six messages, he tried to turn the tables by noting that members of the Obama administration also met with Russia’s ambassador. Without citing a source, he asserted that Mr. Obama had tapped his phones, and compared it to Watergate. “Bad (or sick) guy,” the president wrote.
While the political world erupted over the allegation, Mr. Trump was adamant in conversations throughout the day that he was on to something. His chief strategist, Mr. Bannon, the former Breitbart chairman, flew down to Florida with Donald F. McGahn II, the White House counsel, on Saturday.
Late Saturday morning, Mr. Trump’s aides spoke about how to get him to stop posting on Twitter, to avoid opening himself up to further problems. He golfed a little, then returned to the club and began working the phones. At dinner, he roamed the patio, telling a friend, Chris Ruddy, the chief executive of Newsmax Media, that his claims about Mr. Obama would prove true. By Sunday, advisers said, he was fuming that more people were not defending him.
And so he doubled down, calling for a congressional investigation.
“Reports concerning potentially politically motivated investigations immediately ahead of the 2016 election are very troubling,” Mr. Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, said on Twitter. Until then, he said, the president will not comment further.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Republican plans to repeal the Affordable Care Act have encountered a new obstacle: adamant opposition from many older Americans whose health insurance premiums would increase.
AARP and its allies are bombarding congressional offices with objections as two House committees plan to vote on the Republicans’ bill this week.
If the law is repealed, the groups say, people in their 50s and 60s could see premiums rise by $2,000 to $3,000 a year or more: increases of 20 percent to 25 percent or higher.
Under current rules, insurers cannot charge older adults more than three times what they charge young adults for the same coverage. House Republican leaders would allow a ratio of five to one — or more, if states choose.
Insurers support the change, saying it would help them attract larger numbers of young customers.
The current rating restrictions, they say, have increased premiums for young adults, discouraging them from enrolling.
But the Republican proposal would “increase the financial burden of older Americans, making coverage significantly less affordable,” says a letter to Congress from the Leadership Council of Aging Organizations, a coalition of nonprofit groups that represent the interests of older Americans.
The letter was addressed to Representative Greg Walden, Republican of Oregon and the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, one of two House panels planning to vote this week on a bill that would roll back major provisions of President Barack Obama’s signature domestic accomplishment.
David M. Certner, the legislative policy director of AARP, said the proposal would have “a severe impact on Americans age 50 to 64 who have not yet become eligible for Medicare.”
At the same time, Mr. Certner said, the Republican proposal could reduce the financial assistance available to help people pay insurance premiums.
Republicans say their proposal would reduce insurance prices by stimulating competition and by allowing insurers to sell a leaner, less expensive package of benefits.
In Mr. Walden’s hometown, Hood River, Ore., for example, the average premium for a midlevel silver plan for a 60-year-old man is $10,500 a year, compared with $3,864 for a 21-year-old man, according to HealthCare.gov, the online federal insurance marketplace.
Many people who buy insurance through the exchanges qualify for subsidies to help defray the cost. But people who buy insurance outside the Affordable Care Act marketplace cannot obtain subsidies.
Republicans in the House and the Senate want to change that, so people can get subsidies in the free market outside the public exchange.
Before the Affordable Care Act took effect, about 40 states allowed insurers to charge older adults five times as much as young adults. This appears to be consistent with patterns of medical spending.
“Average spending among people who are 64 years old is about 4.8 times as high as average spending among people who are 21 years old,” the Congressional Budget Office said last year, citing research by actuaries.
Representative Larry Bucshon, Republican of Indiana and a heart surgeon, said the rating restrictions in the 2010 health law had “led to sicker insurance pools and driven younger, healthier patients away from the marketplace.”
“The argument that the three-to-one ratio saves seniors money may not be true,” Mr. Bucshon said. “In fact, I don’t think it is true. It has just increased costs for younger people.”
Republicans contend that benefit mandates in the health law have driven up insurance costs. The House Republican bill would allow states to define the “essential health benefits” that insurers must provide.
Jerry C. Fleming, a retired health insurance executive who worked at Kaiser Permanente for more than 35 years, said on Sunday that the House Republican plan could produce “breathtaking increases in premiums” for older people with low incomes.
Their share of the premium could, in some cases, more than double, he said.
Another provision of the bill drafted by House Republican leaders has come under fire in recent days.
The bill says that, in providing financial assistance to help people buy insurance, federal officials will verify eligibility using the same “methods and procedures” used by the Obama administration under the Affordable Care Act.
Republicans have repeatedly criticized those procedures as inadequate, saying they verify citizenship but not a person’s identity.
The Government Accountability Office, an investigative arm of Congress, has found the marketplaces “vulnerable to fraud” because they do not adequately check the identity of people applying for financial assistance.
In 2010, just before Congress gave final approval to the Affordable Care Act, the conservative House Republican Study Committee said the verification procedures in the bill were “insufficient and ineffective.”
The study committee was headed then by Representative Tom Price, Republican of Georgia, who was sworn in last month as President Trump’s secretary of health and human services.



ARTICLE
The concept of sanctuary cities is deeply embedded in Western tradition. In biblical times, shelter was offered even to those who might have qualified as “bad hombres” in the eyes of President Trump. Killers, for example. If the crime lacked intent, they could flee to havens specifically designated in Deuteronomy and the Book of Joshua.
Skip ahead 3,500 years or so and societally sanctioned refuge is proving as powerful a concern for Americans today as it was for the ancients. Sanctuary cities — and counties and states — loom large as Mr. Trump seeks to vastly expand and speed the deportation of undocumented immigrants while threatening to withhold federal money from localities that refuse to cooperate with immigration officials.
To switch the biblical reference point to Ecclesiastes, there is no new thing under the sun, certainly not in regard to sanctuary. Retro Report, video documentaries examining major news stories of the past and their continued relevance, begins a new series by recalling the so-called sanctuary movement of the 1980s, which put church and state in conflict with each other over the fate of Central Americans fleeing civil wars and pleading for asylum in the United States. Those refugees found President Ronald Reagan’s White House no more eager to open its arms than the Trump administration is now to embrace Syrians seeking shelter from carnage back home.
The Reagan administration supported military governments in El Salvador and Guatemala, viewing them as bulwarks against pro-Communist insurgencies. And so it played down widespread human rights outrages by those regimes and affiliated death squads. When Salvadorans and Guatemalans tried to enter the United States, claiming a fear of persecution in their homelands, they typically were labeled “economic migrants,” not political refugees.
Few were granted asylum — less than 3 percent in 1984. By comparison, Poles fleeing Communism were 10 times as likely that year to find asylum here. Anti-ayatollah Iranians were 20 times as likely.
With the front door to the United States effectively shut, Central Americans turned to a back entrance. This was the sanctuary movement. In the 1980s, it came to be embraced by hundreds of churches and synagogues, as well as by some college campuses and cities, in more than 30 states. Refugees denied political asylum were spirited across the southern border and sheltered in houses of worship like Southside Presbyterian Church in Tucson.
“These were middle-class folks who were fleeing for their lives,” the Rev. John M. Fife, Southside’s pastor in the 1980s, said of one group of asylum seekers.
“We’d take in people who had torture marks all over their body, and the immigration judge would order them deported the next day,” said Mr. Fife, who is retired. When it came to smuggling and hiding people, he said, “I assumed it was illegal, but I could not claim to be a Christian and not be involved in trying to protect refugees’ lives.”
In all, an estimated 2,000 refuge seekers were aided in that latter-day version of the Underground Railroad. Unavoidably, the clergy made itself a foe of the government, which argued that no one was above the law and that the sanctuary movement was, at heart, inspired more by politics than by theological imperatives. Movement members were put on trial. In one celebrated 1980s case, eight of them, including Mr. Fife, were convicted of felony conspiracy and other charges. None ended up going to jail, however.
“Sometimes,” Mr. Fife said at the time, “you cannot love both God and the civil authority. Sometimes you have to make a choice.”
The issue today for people who share his beliefs is not so much how to bring unauthorized immigrants into the United States as it is how to keep millions already here from being tossed out.
Dozens of cities and many times that number of counties describe themselves as sanctuaries. What that means in practice can be elusive. In some places, the police are ordered not to inquire about immigration status when they take people into custody. Some cities openly refuse to cooperate with federal requests to hold undocumented immigrants until they can be deported. Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York, a Democrat, pledged cooperation if public safety was threatened, but “what we will not do,” he said, “is turn our N.Y.P.D. officers into immigration agents.” Other cities call themselves sanctuaries but have no clearly articulated policy.
As far as Mr. Trump and many fellow Republicans are concerned, failing to deport unauthorized immigrants is to invite the “bad hombres” among them to commit crimes. In his address to Congress last week, the president singled out several murders ascribed to undocumented immigrants. Often cited by him is the 2015 murder of Kathryn Steinle, 32, who was shot as she strolled on a pier in San Francisco. The man charged with killing her was a Mexican laborer with a long criminal record who had been deported from the United States five times, yet somehow managed to keep coming back.
To sanctuary defenders, evocations of a case like the Steinle murder amount to setting policy by anecdote. Studies show that crime rates among unauthorized immigrants are lower than those among native-born Americans.
Moreover, some local officials say it is not their job to enforce federal law. Many of them argue that it is self-defeating for cities to make undocumented but otherwise law-abiding immigrants feel vulnerable and afraid of the authorities. “We have to have people that cooperate with their local police if we’re going to have any effect at all on the crime rate,” Sheriff John Urquhart of King County in Washington State told Retro Report.
Early in the Obama presidency, the government took a hard line. Immigrants without proper papers faced deportation for all manner of infractions, criminal and noncriminal alike. Expulsions reached record highs, at one point surpassing 400,000 a year.
But many Obama supporters felt that the policy was unduly harsh, and the administration came to agree. In its final years, it focused principally on people who were deemed threats to national security, were convicted of serious crimes or were recent border crossers. Even with those tighter standards, plenty of people were sent packing: more than 240,000 in 2016, according to the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Mexicans, Guatemalans, Hondurans and Salvadorans accounted for 94 percent of the total.
Mr. Trump has proposed returning to a more aggressive approach: rounding up and expelling potentially millions of people, including those not convicted of serious wrongdoing or, for that matter, even charged with any crime at all other than being in the United States without legal blessing. But the president created some confusion about his intentions when he surprisingly suggested in a private meeting with television anchors last week that he was open to finding a way to let millions of the undocumented stay in the country legally. What he meant was hardly plain. Publicly, his hard line on illegal immigration remained intact.
To carry out mass deportations, thousands of new immigration and customs agents would be hired, and local police officers and sheriff’s deputies would be recruited.
To do that, the president would need the cooperation of state, county and city officials. What if he does not get it? Mr. Trump has said he is prepared to cut off federal funds to those localities. It is not a threat they can take lightly. New York City, for one, relies on aid from Washington for about 10 percent of its $85 billion annual budget.
A sign of what could happen nationally emerged last month in Texas, where Gov. Greg Abbott canceled $1.5 million in criminal justice grants to Travis County, whose seat is Austin, the state capital. This was after the county sheriff renounced cooperation with immigration officials seeking deportations.
How far Mr. Trump intends to take his threat is unclear. Will all federal aid to sanctuary cities be imperiled or just certain programs? No doubt, any cutoff of funds would invite court fights that could take many months, or even years, to settle.
In the meantime, the sanctuary movement could still pack a punch. That was suggested by Elizabeth M. McCormick, who teaches immigration and asylum law at the University of Tulsa College of Law. “We’re at a moment in history right now,” she told Retro Report, “that may be similar to the 1980s, when individuals felt that they needed to stand up for what’s right.”



ARTICLE
President Trump’s claim on Twitter early Saturday that he had “just found out” that “President Obama was tapping my phones in October,” an accusation for which he offered no evidence, has set off another spasm surrounding his young administration. On Sunday, Mr. Trump’s spokesman said the administration was asking Congress to investigate the president’s allegation.
There is ample reason for caution because Mr. Trump has a history of making attention-grabbing and politically explosive claims that have no basis in fact. As things stand, a plausible explanation is that Mr. Trump was merely riffing off a March 3 article on the alt-right website Breitbart.com. It laid out a theory circulating in some conservative circles that President Barack Obama sought to sabotage Mr. Trump through surveillance.
The episode has heightened interest in several related surveillance issues.
Can a president order the wiretapping of an American?
Not legally. There are two lawful ways that allow government officials to target people in the United States for surveillance and to collect the contents of their phone calls and emails: criminal wiretaps, called “Title III” warrants, and national security wiretaps, called Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, orders. Both types of wiretapping are ordered by federal judges, after applications from the Justice Department.
If there was a wiretap order targeting Mr. Trump or his associates, what would that mean?
If it was a criminal wiretap, it would mean that the Justice Department had gathered sufficient evidence to convince a federal judge that someone using the phone number or email address probably committed a serious crime. If it was a national security wiretap, it would mean a federal judge on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court had a basis to believe the target was probably an agent of a foreign power, like Russia.
Could a judge have approved tapping something at Trump Tower for another reason?
Yes. For example, FISA orders have two parts. After determining that there is probable cause to believe that the target is a foreign agent, a judge also has to approve directing surveillance at a particular “facility,” like a phone line or an email address, that the target is probably using to communicate. So in theory, if there was reason to believe that some other lawful target was communicating from Trump Tower, a judge could have authorized surveillance at a facility there for that reason.
What about the computer server registered to Trump Tower?
Several news media outlets have reported that investigators last year were puzzled by data transmissions between a computer server registered to Trump Tower and a computer server associated with a Russian bank. Although Mr. Trump on Twitter talked about his “phones,” in theory a judge might determine that the computer address of the server was a facility being used by a foreign power, Russia, to communicate, and authorize surveillance of it.
Isn’t there a report about an October surveillance court order involving that server?
Yes. The Breitbart story relied heavily on a Nov. 7 article by a British writer on the news and opinion website HeatStreet. It claimed that the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court had approved a “warrant” in October in connection with activity between Russian banks and the server, which it said — and Breitbart repeated — was in Trump Tower. It further stated that “it is thought in the intelligence community” that this purported warrant permitted the collection of emails and other communications of Americans connected to the server investigation, which “thus covers Donald Trump.”
As things stand, there are reasons to be skeptical. HeatStreet had vague sourcing — two “sources with links to the counterintelligence community” — and it does not regularly publish investigative stories about American intelligence or law enforcement operations. To date, reporters for The New York Times with demonstrated sources in that world have been unable to corroborate that the court issued any such order. (Computer specialists have also pointed out that the server in question does not appear to be located in Trump Tower.) On Sunday, James Clapper, who was the director of national intelligence until Jan. 20, denied to NBC News that the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court had approved monitoring at Trump Tower.
What about wiretapping Michael Flynn’s calls with the Russian ambassador?
In a related matter, some conservatives have raised alarms about why the government eavesdropped on the late-December phone calls about sanctions between the Russian ambassador and Michael Flynn, who resigned last month as Mr. Trump’s national security adviser. But national security specialists say it is routine that counterintelligence officials would monitor the Russian ambassador, who is a clearly an agent of a foreign power, and so would “incidentally” pick up Mr. Flynn, too. The rules generally require officials to “minimize” the privacy intrusion by masking the names and data of incidentally intercepted Americans before sharing reports or transcripts of those calls more widely within the government. However, there is an exception if the conversation constituted foreign intelligence and the American’s identity is necessary to understand its significance, as would be the case with Mr. Flynn’s discussion of sanctions.
Did Obama loosen rules for sharing surveillance?
Yes. In January, the Obama administration changed the rules governing how the National Security Agency may share raw surveillance it intercepts abroad, where the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act does not apply and the agency may vacuum up private communications in bulk. Previously, only analysts at the agency were permitted to search through the raw trove of this information, applying “minimization” rules to information about Americans before sharing anything more widely in the government. Now, analysts from the other 16 intelligence agencies — including the F.B.I. — can sift through certain streams of raw intercepts themselves, applying “minimization” rules afterward.
Some conservative commentators, like Fox News’s Sean Hannity, have floated the theory that news media leaks about contacts between people affiliated with Mr. Trump and Russians may be attributable to this change, asking why Mr. Obama opened the door to many more officials across the government having access to raw National Security Agency intercepts. Several factors complicate that insinuation. The change did not affect collection on American soil under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, which several agencies were already able to share in raw form. Moreover, the recent change had been in the works for years. President George W. Bush set it in motion in 2008, and the bureaucratic deliberations were well developed long before it became clear that Mr. Trump would become president.



ARTICLE
What powerful political woman is mocked for her clothes, is the target of pictures on Twitter depicting her as haggard and is routinely called a witch and a bitch?
If you guessed Hillary Clinton, you’re right.
But if you guessed Kellyanne Conway, you’re right, too.
Misogyny, it seems, remains a bipartisan exercise. Whatever legitimate criticisms can be leveled at each woman, it’s striking how often that anger is expressed using the same sexist themes, from women as well as men.
Mrs. Clinton “repeats her tacky outfits,” one Twitter critic sniped. The Inauguration Day outfit of Ms. Conway, a counselor to President Trump, looked like “a night terror of an android majorette.”
Mrs. Clinton’s hair has drawn relentless derision; one Twitter user recently asked: “Why does Kellyanne Conway always look like she’s still drunk & wearing make up from last night’s bender?”
And both women have been repeatedly compared to witches from “The Wizard of Oz,” most recently in pictures shared on Twitter tying Ms. Conway to the witch killed under Dorothy’s house.
The two women are at opposite ideological poles, but they stir up the same lingering cultural discomfort with ambitious, assertive women.
“These sexist memes are not the purview of one party,” said Karen Finney, a senior adviser to the Clinton campaign. “We fear strong women and women with power. These attacks are meant to delegitimize that power.”
Ms. Conway has drawn scorn, and been disinvited from some news programs, for her references to a “Bowling Green massacre” that never took place and her defense of claims about the size of the crowd at Mr. Trump’s inauguration as “alternative facts.” Yet some of the criticisms have taken on a distinctly sexualized tone.
Witness the furor over her sitting on her knees on a couch in the Oval Office during a reception for presidents of historically black colleges. While she drew fire for disrespect, some of the criticisms included digs about her spreading her legs and raunchy allusions to oral sex, Monica Lewinsky and Bill Clinton. Representative Cedric L. Richmond, Democrat of Louisiana, told a now-notorious joke that hers was a “familiar” position in the Oval Office of the 1990s, drawing a rebuke from none other than Chelsea Clinton. (Mr. Richmond apologized Sunday evening.)
A “Saturday Night Live” skit riffed on Ms. Conway as a “Fatal Attraction” stalker, breaking into the CNN correspondent Jake Tapper’s house to seduce him into having her on his show.
“There seems to be great resentment of both as power hungry and wanting to control men,” said Marjorie J. Spruill, the author of “Divided We Stand: The Battle Over Women’s Rights and Family Values That Polarized American Politics.” “Whereas Hillary is called castrating or shrewish, Conway is often called a slut. The implication is that she is using femininity to control men.”
Ms. Spruill noted that Ms. Conway had leaned back to take pictures as a favor to the participants, but that some critics had cast the pose as a sexual come-on.
Ironies abound. Ms. Conway is loathed by many Clinton aides as the architect of a presidential campaign that they felt used overtly and implicitly sexist messages. Mr. Trump repeatedly denigrated women for their appearance and, after taking office, directed his female staff members to “dress like women.”
Many conservative women, from Sarah Palin to Ann Coulter, have emphasized their femininity to distance themselves from feminists, whom they accuse of hating men. In a recent interview at the Conservative Political Action Conference, Ms. Conway said she supported many feminist principles but said she would not call herself one because feminism is anti-male, pro-abortion and identified with the left.
“I think some of the reticence that might be coming across in not a huge chorus of defense of Kellyanne Conway in the face of these sexist comments is the feeling that she doesn’t have our back,” said Gillian Thomas, a senior staff lawyer of the Women’s Rights Project of the American Civil Liberties Union.
“It’s a shame,” Ms. Thomas continued. “If women were more united and speaking up at this behavior, including when it’s perpetrated by the left, we’d all be a lot better off.”
Ms. Conway suggested in an interview with The Daily Caller that there would have been more outrage at the comments if she had been a liberal woman, adding, “And it is not just if I were a liberal woman, but if I were a pro-abortion one.” Ms. Conway did not respond to a message left with her assistant requesting comment for this article.
Still, Ms. Conway has spirited defenders on the right on social media who say she should be championed as an example of a groundbreaking woman in politics instead of mocked in sexist terms, and some liberal women in Facebook comments chided others for sexism.
“Ladies & Gents, I disagree with her as much as anyone,” wrote someone identified as Melissa Mae. “It would be nice to see comments sticking to valid points instead of ALWAYS going after women on the basis of ‘looks.’”
Mirya R. Holman, an assistant professor of political science at Tulane University who studies gender and politics, said, “This does mimic what conservative women have said in the past: ‘You liberals think you’re so enlightened, but we still get people saying vile things about us.’”
Jennifer Palmieri, the director of communications for the Clinton campaign, who memorably clashed with Ms. Conway at a postelection forum at Harvard, also sees echoes of the sexism that dogged her candidate in the attacks on Ms. Conway.
She said she believed Ms. Conway should be held accountable for her actions. But she noted that while Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, is portrayed as an “evil genius” who cannily promotes images of an America at risk from immigrants and foreign competitors, Ms. Conway is depicted as “crazy” for devising and promoting similar messages.
“What I find really disturbing is because he’s a man, that’s really smart and strategic,” Ms. Palmieri said. “Why is there not a theory behind what Kellyanne does?”
Whether the attacks come from the right or the left, they show a persistent anger toward women who step outside conventional roles. Social media has long enabled a thriving subculture of the violent disparagement of women, such as the GamerGate threats toward those who challenged the male bastion of video games. Much as latent racism surfaced during the presidency of Barack Obama, this election exposed a vitriol toward powerful women that continues to erupt, beyond the confines of Twitter or Reddit.
“To me, the 2016 election was hopefully an opportunity to be reminded that we’re not in some kind of postgender society,” Professor Holman said. “There’s a smaller set of acceptable behaviors for women.”
Ms. Finney, a longtime Clinton aide, has watched those issues play out for more than 20 years in public life as Mrs. Clinton served as a stand-in for debates about women’s roles. She said she and conservative women would sit in green rooms awaiting television appearances and trade stories about how they were attacked.
“There is this sense: ‘Are you kidding me?’” she said. “‘Are we going back to this?’ Maybe we have to go back to go forward.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — President Trump gives Democrats in Congress an ideal adversary, one who can set off impassioned protests and ignite their supporters with a single Twitter post.
But with the Democrats’ power severely limited by their minority status, they cannot conduct congressional investigations. The chances their bills will even get a vote are slim.
What they do possess, they hope, is the power to shame. So they have been offering up bills that stand virtually no chance of passing, like ones forcing Mr. Trump to release his tax returns, with the clear intent of putting Republicans on the record now in hopes that voters will punish them later.
Last week, Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the House Democratic leader, vowed a weekly vote on the matter. “We’re just going to pound away,” she told colleagues in a closed-door meeting, according to an aide who was present.
The results so far are modest. On Friday, two House Republicans signed a Democratic letter requesting the release of the president’s tax returns, becoming the only Republicans to do so.
During the first six weeks of the Trump administration, Republicans have supported the president with a watch-what-he-does, not-what-he-says approach. It has largely been a policy of muted assent.
Democrats have eagerly filled the void with a steady trickle of measures, using arcane procedures to produce a paper trail. Some have seemingly innocuous aims, like a House bill that would create an independent, bipartisan commission to investigate foreign interference in the 2016 election. The measure has drawn just one Republican co-sponsor.
“I think we’re going at it from all angles, hoping that whether it’s the pressure or wanting to do the right thing,” Republicans will join them, said Representative Eric Swalwell of California, one of the two Democrats who introduced the bill.
Democrats say the tax returns provide a nexus between concerns about Mr. Trump’s personal financial conflicts of interest and his campaign’s ties to the Russian government, issues that have troubled members of the president’s own party.
“I’m for transparency,” Senator Bill Cassidy, Republican of Louisiana, told a few hundred people in a high school cafeteria in Denham Springs, La., on a recent afternoon, stopping well short of a call for legislation.
Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the top Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, has led the chamber’s efforts to disclose Mr. Trump’s returns, a push he said was driven by constituent outrage. “People just kind of gasp,” Mr. Wyden said. “I can tell you it comes up at every one of my town meetings. People think it is very much linked to the Russia issue.”
In the House, Democrats have pressed the issue on several, so far fruitless fronts. Representative Bill Pascrell Jr. of New Jersey, who wrote the letter that has drawn two Republican signatures, introduced a measure that would compel the House Committee on Ways and Means to request Mr. Trump’s tax documents, as it is empowered to do.
Mr. Pascrell used a privileged resolution, a procedure that allows even a single member to bypass leadership to bring up a measure for a vote — and that was more theatrically employed by some House conservatives in the fall in an effort to oust the head of the Internal Revenue Service over objections by their leaders. Mr. Pascrell’s measure failed in a floor vote last week along party lines.
Representative Kevin Brady, Republican of Texas and the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, has resisted calls to, as he described it to reporters, “rummage around in the tax returns of the president.”
A few Republicans have broken from their party on investigating connections between Mr. Trump’s campaign and Russia. Representative Darrell Issa of California, who narrowly won re-election in November and is considered vulnerable in 2018, recently called for an outside investigation. The House and Senate intelligence committees will conduct their own inquiries.
Representative Walter B. Jones of North Carolina — who, with Representative Mark Sanford of South Carolina, signed Mr. Pascrell’s letter and voted “present” on his measure — said he wanted to send a message to Republican leaders that he intended to keep “an open mind.”
Mr. Jones is also the sole Republican co-sponsor on Mr. Swalwell’s independent commission bill, calling Russian interference in the election “serious business.” (“Here you go again, Walter,” he recalled a couple of Republican colleagues saying to him.)
“If they would not let the politics drive their thinking and let the needs of the American people drive their thinking, then I think some of them would join this effort,” he said.
With control of what legislation comes to the floor in both the House and Senate, Republican leaders have easily fended off Democrats. A House measure seeking more information on Mr. Trump’s conflicts of interest and his ties to Russia was sent to the Judiciary Committee, where it was rejected along party lines last week.
The vote came at the end of the committee’s meeting, hours before Mr. Trump’s address to a joint session of Congress, when many lawmakers were having dinner. When the live stream on the committee’s website temporarily failed, Democrats streamed the meeting on their Facebook pages, a low-yield guerrilla-style tactic.
While Democrats argue that they are giving voice to concerns about the Trump administration, pressuring rivals to cast votes on a contentious subject is a standard political strategy.
Democrats are hoping to use the Republican votes against forcing disclosure of Mr. Trump’s tax returns, and on other issues, in the 2018 midterm elections.
“Now he is the president, he is their standard-bearer,” said Meredith Kelly, a spokeswoman for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, the campaign arm of House Democrats. “They’ll have real votes on his agenda, from helping him hide his tax returns to helping him hide his connections to Russia.”
But Matt Gorman, a spokesman for the House Republicans’ campaign organization, the National Republican Congressional Committee, said their incumbents had established themselves with their voters, who care more about economic issues than whether a particular lawmaker pushed to see Mr. Trump’s tax returns.
“Voters won’t be swayed by these legislative tactics,” Mr. Gorman said. “They’re stunts.”
Mr. Jones said he saw the efforts to answer lingering questions about the election as a “service” to the Trump administration, as well. “We are an equal branch,” he said. “We have an obligation to the American people, just like the president has. And to me, I think the sooner we start dealing with this situation, the better off we are.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Senator Shelley Moore Capito, Republican of West Virginia, has voted more than 50 times in Congress to repeal the Affordable Care Act. She plans to do it again this spring. But talking with voters in her impoverished state, which has a high rate of drug addiction, obesity and poor health, has given Ms. Capito a new sense of caution.
“I met a woman the other day with a terrible illness,” she said. “She is really sick and really scared.”
Ms. Capito and other Republican lawmakers, particularly in the Senate, increasingly see a need to tread carefully, or even alter course, as party leaders vow to quickly repeal and replace the health care law. That unease is all but certain to have an enormous impact as House and Senate Republicans begin to publicly draft a plan this month.
Animated by full control in Washington, Republicans have chosen a partisan route to remaking the law, in which 218 votes in the House and a mere 50 in the Senate are needed to repeal and replace it. While much of the focus has been on the potential for hard-line conservatives to act as spoilers with their opposition to anything but a bare-bones replacement, there is increased wariness among Republican senators who have the opposite concerns.
“Once low-income people are receiving good health care for the first time, it becomes very difficult for a member of Congress to take that assistance away from them,” said Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine. “To deprive them of that health care is something that now makes a lot of people in my party uncomfortable.” She has co-sponsored a replacement plan that would let states keep many of the law’s components now under fire from House Republicans.
President Trump has heightened the stakes, at times insisting that lawmakers replace the law immediately while repeatedly saying that no one should lose insurance coverage under a replacement plan. Patients with chronic illnesses, drug addicts, rural hospital executives and expectant mothers — many of whom voted for Mr. Trump — have made it clear that they will not support any plan that deprives them of what they now have, even if they dislike its origins in the Obama administration.
“Voters may not know how they got their health care,” said Senator Joe Manchin III, Democrat of West Virginia, who has long endorsed making changes to the law, “but they sure will know who took it away.”
Republicans hope to send a new health care measure to the president’s desk this spring, but vast chasms have been exposed between the most conservative members and other Republicans, and the White House has yet to provide clear guidance by endorsing specific provisions.
While promising to maintain the most attractive parts of the law, like forcing insurers to offer coverage for patients with pre-existing conditions, congressional Republicans have long set a central goal of ensuring “access” to care — not guaranteeing care — while shoring up the insurance marketplace.
But Mr. Trump upended that message when he said in January that any Republican plan would “have insurance for everybody,” a notion he has repeated. Lawmakers have taken notice, sometimes echoing his language.
“I think the no-gaps-in-coverage part is important,” Ms. Capito said, noting that expanded coverage was the Obama administration’s main focus. “For every push, there is a pull.”
Mr. Trump has further complicated matters by insisting that any plan replace the law as soon as it is repealed; Republicans had hoped to put the replacement off.
In addition, the Affordable Care Act’s Medicaid expansion — which has extended coverage to roughly half of the 20 million people who have gained insurance under the law — has been embraced by a majority of governors. Many of them, including Republicans, have said in meetings with both lawmakers and Mr. Trump that they want to continue that program.
“While I clearly have concerns about the expansion’s long-term costs,” Senator Lisa Murkowski, Republican of Alaska, said in an address to the State Legislature last month, “it has strengthened our Native health system and reduced the number of uninsured that are coming into our emergency rooms.
“So as long as this Legislature wants to keep the expansion,” she continued, “Alaska should have the option. So I will not vote to repeal it.”
Even senators in states with no Medicaid expansion concede that the law is baked into the culture, sometimes in ways their constituents are not fully aware of, and in ways they themselves have fought for. Most notably, the Affordable Care Act has increased money and access to programs for Americans with mental illness and drug addiction, especially in states, like Ohio, that accepted the Medicaid expansion and have a large population of opioid drug abusers.
“While we work to reform Medicaid as part of replacing the A.C.A.,” said Senator Rob Portman, Republican of Ohio, who has made the opioid crisis one of his chief concerns, “close attention must be paid to the growing opioid epidemic and the need for drug treatment and recovery.”
Many states that overwhelmingly supported Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign are some of the biggest beneficiaries of the health care law, even if their governors chose not to accept the Medicaid expansion. In some cases, those states still found ways to use the law to offer services like cancer screenings. Other, less-celebrated programs have been a boon, like one that permitted states to create medical “homes” for patients with multiple chronic conditions.
“One of the things that is underappreciated is that there are lots of little things in the A.C.A. that a bunch of red states took advantage of, even if they didn’t expand,” said Richard Frank, a Harvard Medical School professor who worked at the Department of Health and Human Services in the Obama administration. He cited programs for disabled people in Louisiana and Missouri, and guidelines that allowed states to redefine poverty lines to get more residents covered by Medicaid even without the federal expansion.
“Those turned out to be very useful for their costly populations,” Dr. Frank said. “It’s unclear, if they repeal, if Congress would take those away.”
As residents become aware that benefits they have received were part of the health law and may go away, so do their elected representatives.
“In some ways it has been a health care education process for everyone,” Mr. Manchin said. “Even for people here.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Saying their patience is at an end, conservative activist groups backed by the billionaire Koch brothers and other powerful interests on the right are mobilizing to pressure Republicans to fulfill their promise to swiftly repeal the Affordable Care Act.
Their message is blunt and unforgiving, with the goal of reawakening some of the most extensive conservative grass-roots networks in the country. It is a reminder that even as Republicans control both the White House and Congress for the first time in a decade, the party’s activist wing remains restless and will not go along passively for the sake of party unity.
With angry constituents storming town hall-style meetings across the country and demanding that Congress not repeal the law, these new campaigns are a sign of a growing concern on the right that lawmakers might buckle to the pressure.
“We’ve been patient this year, but it is past time to act and to act decisively,” said Tim Phillips, the president of Americans for Prosperity, which is coordinating the push with other groups across the Kochs’ political network. “Our network has spent more money, more time and more years fighting Obamacare than anything else. And now with the finish line in sight, we cannot allow some folks to pull up and give up.”
The new mantra could be summed up as repeal, replace or revolt. Beyond the Koch network, other well-financed conservative groups like the Club for Growth and FreedomWorks are also increasing the pressure. All together, the new campaigns will involve advertising, rallies, phone calls to the Capitol switchboard and efforts to confront lawmakers in their offices with documentation of their own words about the need for repeal.
The Koch groups are calling their campaign “You Promised,” and are prepared to spend heavily, they said.
The initial phase, which will cost in the low six figures, will include a nationwide digital advertising campaign featuring testimonials from people who say they were harmed by the Affordable Care Act. On Tuesday, the groups will kick off the effort with a rally near the Capitol, from which they will dispatch activists to congressional offices. Beyond that, Americans for Prosperity said it was prepared to bring “significant resources” to bear as needed.
FreedomWorks, which is planning a rally in Washington on March 15 to inaugurate its “month of action” on the Affordable Care Act, is sending its activists to Capitol Hill armed with sheafs of paper with quotes from Republicans who have called for repeal. The plan is to track down those Republicans and make them face their own words.
“I think that the only way we get members of Congress to stay the course on this is with constituent pressure,” said Noah Wall, the national director of campaigns for FreedomWorks. If that does not work at first, he added, “I’m going to fill their offices with really angry constituents, and they’re going to listen.
“And if they don’t,” he continued, “I’m going to go back into their district and fill their district offices with angry constituents. And we’ll do this again and again.”
The sudden caution of the Republican Party leadership, as it grapples with the enormously complicated challenge of replacing the Affordable Care Act, has baffled conservatives who have been fighting the health law for years. In the House, Republicans have voted dozens of times to dismantle the law, and it has been a primary issue in congressional races since 2010. Repealing the law, many conservative lawmakers believe, is the one clear mandate they have from voters.
“The reality is, this is existential for Republicans,” said David McIntosh, the president of the Club for Growth, which has been sending emails regularly to its 100,000 members warning that Republicans could be stalling the repeal indefinitely. The group plans to directly target party leaders like Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader, and Paul D. Ryan, the House speaker, in a new phase of the campaign.
“If they don’t repeal Obamacare and replace it,” Mr. McIntosh added, “I don’t think they’ll stay in the majority in the next election.”
Implicit in the repeal push is a threat that conservative groups have always wielded over the party when they feel it is not being true to its convictions: primary challenges.
And this early rift between the party’s activist wing and its leadership in Washington could be a taste of what Republicans can expect now that they control the government entirely and are no longer able to blame Democrats for blocking their agenda. After making bold promises over the past few years on issues like overhauling expensive government programs, rewriting the tax code and defunding Planned Parenthood, Republicans face voter demands to follow through.
Republicans remain unable to agree on a health care plan that satisfies both moderates and hard-liners. As President Trump himself acknowledged last week when he tried to explain the delay — “Nobody knew that health care could be so complicated,” he said — it is no easy task to pass a measure that could leave millions uninsured. And polls now show American’s attitudes toward the law are improving as they worry about what could happen if it is suddenly jettisoned.
Democrats, who have been cramming town hall-style meetings to implore Republican lawmakers not to take apart the health law, seem content to let their opponents fight it out in the hope that the divisions will lead to an impasse.
“Their rhetoric that has enabled them to stir up the far right is in collision with the truth,” said Thomas E. Perez, the chairman of the Democratic National Committee.
The repeal effort by the conservative groups is intended to sway members of Congress who may be hesitating because of public pressure back home. That pressure, conservatives said, is no reason to renege.
“This issue has been litigated in four federal elections, and the result has been historic Republican majorities in Congress,” Mr. Phillips of Americans for Prosperity said. “That’s why there is no sympathy when some Republicans talk about contentious town halls or a few hundred calls into their office.”
Americans for Prosperity, which has spent tens of millions of dollars in advertising opposing the Affordable Care Act, is bringing back some of the subjects of its initial ads — ordinary people who spoke about the problems with “government-run medicine” — for its new push. And it is arming activists with supporting evidence — it found, for instance, that 98 percent of Republicans in the Senate, or 51 of the 52, had voted at one point to repeal the law.
“Congressional Republicans have promised an Obamacare repeal in unequivocal terms,” Mr. Phillips said. “It’s time for them to keep their promise.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Giants in telecommunications, like Verizon and AT&T, will not have to take “reasonable measures” to ensure that their customers’ Social Security numbers, web browsing history and other personal information are not stolen or accidentally released.
Wall Street banks like Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase will not be punished, at least for now, for not collecting extra money from customers to cover potential losses from certain kinds of high-risk trades that helped unleash the 2008 financial crisis.
And Social Security Administration data will no longer be used to try to block individuals with disabling mental health issues from buying handguns, nor will hunters be banned from using lead-based bullets, which can accidentally poison wildlife, on 150 million acres of federal lands.
These are just a few of the more than 90 regulations that federal agencies and the Republican-controlled Congress have delayed, suspended or reversed in the month and a half since President Trump took office, according to a tally by The New York Times.
The emerging effort — dozens more rules could be eliminated in the coming weeks — is one of the most significant shifts in regulatory policy in recent decades. It is the leading edge of what Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, described late last month as “the deconstruction of the administrative state.”
In many cases, records show that the changes came after appeals by corporate lobbyists and trade association executives, who see a potentially historic opportunity to lower compliance costs and drive up profits. Slashing regulations, they argue, will unleash economic growth.
On a near daily basis, regulated industries are now sending in specific requests to the Trump administration for more rollbacks, including recent appeals from 17 automakers to rescind an agreement to increase mileage standards for their fleets, and another from pharmaceutical industry figures to reverse a new rule that tightens scrutiny over the marketing of prescription drugs for unapproved uses. As of late Friday, word had leaked that the automakers’ request for a rollback was about to be granted, too.
“After a relentless, eight-year regulatory onslaught that loaded unprecedented burdens on businesses and the economy, relief is finally on the way,” Thomas J. Donohue, the president of the United States Chamber of Commerce, wrote in a memo last week.
But dozens of public interest groups — environmentalists, labor unions, consumer watchdogs — have weighed in on the potential threat to Americans’ well-being. “Americans did not vote to be exposed to more health, safety, environmental and financial dangers,” said one letter, signed by leaders of 137 nonprofit groups to the White House last week.
In other cases, the Obama-era rules under attack have drawn objections even from some liberal groups that called them examples of overreach, like the American Civil Liberties Union’s protest of a system to block mentally ill people from buying guns.
The regulatory retrenchment is unfolding on multiple fronts.
Congress, with Mr. Trump’s approval, has erased three Obama-era rules in the last month, lifting regulations related to coal mining and oil and gas exploration, as well as the sale of guns to the mentally ill. More than 25 more rules could also be erased in the coming weeks; the House has already voted to eliminate nearly half.
Mr. Trump has separately signed executive orders directing agencies to pursue the reversal of other rules, including a requirement that financial advisers act in the interest of their clients, and a rule aimed at protecting drinking water from pollution.
New White House appointees at agencies including the Federal Communications Commission, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Interior Department and the Environmental Protection Agency have also personally intervened in recent weeks to block, delay or start the process to nullify other rules, such as a requirement that corporations publish tallies comparing chief executive pay with average employee wages.
The Trump administration has also imposed a broad regulatory freeze, instructing agencies to delay the adoption of any rules not already in effect, and to consider whether those rules should be targeted for elimination.
And it has set up barriers to enact any new regulations — such as a requirement that for each new rule, at least two others must be identified for repeal — and ordered every federal agency to create a team of employees to look for more rules that can be eliminated.
“By any empirical measure, it is a level of activity that has never been seen,” said Curtis W. Copeland, who spent decades studying federal regulatory policy on behalf of Congress while at the Congressional Research Service and the Government Accountability Office. “It is unprecedented.”
Mr. Trump, in his  address to Congress last week, called it “a historic effort to massively reduce job-crushing regulations,” a line that drew thunderous applause from Republicans.
Presidents wield considerable influence over the rule-making process. They set the agenda and appoint the rule-makers, and, since the Reagan administration, a White House office has reviewed every major regulation to try to ensure that benefits to society exceeded compliance costs. It is not uncommon for new presidents to make quick changes in regulatory policy or try to reverse certain last-minute rules their predecessors enacted.
Barack Obama, shortly after being elected president, pressed the E.P.A. to let the State of California set more stringent limits on auto emissions, a proposal that the Bush administration had rejected.
But the courts have generally held that new administrations need to justify such reversals. The Reagan administration tried to rescind a rule requiring airbags in passenger vehicles. The courts found the move unjustified.
“It is not a relevant or adequate defense to say that the president told us to do it,” said Michael Eric Herz, a professor at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law in New York.
The Trump administration could face a host of similar challenges — the requirement that agencies must find two regulations to eliminate before enacting any new rules is already being challenged in federal court.
In addition, Democratic attorneys general from New York, Hawaii, Massachusetts, Oregon and Vermont have threatened in recent days to sue the Trump administration to try to block some of the regulatory rollbacks.
It is a radical role reversal for state attorneys general — their Republican colleagues spent the last eight years suing the federal government to block the enactment of many Obama-era rules. Now the Democrats are planning to try to prevent many of these same rules from being revoked.
“Demolish the administrative state? I don’t even know what that means,” Attorney General Maura Healey of Massachusetts said during a visit to Washington last week, where she and other state attorneys general met with Mr. Trump at the White House.
The pushback has hardly deterred industry executives. The Business Roundtable, which represents some of the nation’s largest corporations and is led by Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, in mid-February gave Mr. Trump a wish list of 16 rules it wanted killed, including the mandatory disclosure of how much chief executives are paid compared with other employees, and a rule intended to curb the trade in minerals that might benefit militant groups in parts of Africa. Efforts to repeal at least 10 of those measures are underway.
“The majority of these regulations directly and negatively impact economic growth,” the executives said in their letter, adding that they were convinced that rules could be repealed “without undermining critical protections for consumer health, safety and the environment.”
The reversals by federal regulators are happening, at times, at an extraordinary speed. Lawyers representing the National Mining Association, the American Petroleum Institute and other fossil fuel trade groups and companies asked the Interior Department on Feb. 17 to suspend a new rule changing the way these companies pay royalties for oil, gas or coal extracted from federal lands.
While the lawyers called the requirement “impractical and in some cases impossible,” environmentalists and conservative nonprofit groups like Taxpayers for Common Sense praised the effort, saying that for decades energy companies had been underpaying the federal government. The new standard was expected to push up federal revenue by as much as $85 million annually.
The Interior Department wrote the industry lawyers back five days later, telling them that the agency, after three years of backing the rule, would suspend enforcement of the new standards. “We agree you have raised serious questions,” the agency’s letter said.
This shift in federal regulatory policy is already having implications for tens of thousands of citizens nationwide.
Nearly two years ago, the Social Security Administration first moved to set up a new system that would automatically turn over to the Justice Department information it collects on Americans who are receiving federal benefits based on a disabling mental illness for inclusion in a database used for gun background checks.
This would effectively prevent these individuals — an estimated 75,000 a year — from buying guns unless they sought a Justice Department waiver after being rejected, given the longstanding federal limitation on the sale of firearms to individuals with known mental illnesses.
Groups like the National Rifle Association, the A.C.L.U. and the National Alliance on Mental Illness objected to the provision, which had been scheduled to go into effect in January. They argued that it unfairly presumed a tendency toward violence by a wide range of people with mental disabilities, including conditions like bulimia and obsessive compulsive disorder.
Mr. Trump signed legislation on Tuesday revoking that rule under the Congressional Review Act, which gives Congress a limited window to overturn the decisions of regulatory agencies.
A total of 46 such Congressional Review Act resolutions are now pending in Congress, on topics including air pollution, unemployment compensation, endangered species listings, debit card fees and oil and gas drilling on federal lands as well as the Arctic Outer Continental Shelf.
The act, first adopted in 1996, had been used only once before to nullify a regulation, at the start of the Bush administration in 2001, when a Clinton-era rule was revoked.
Rules not subject to congressional review may still be at risk. The most radical shift has perhaps come at the Federal Communications Commission, which voted on Wednesday to halt new government rules related to data security from taking effect this week, after objections were raised by companies including Comcast, Verizon and AT&T.
Ajit Pai, a Republican whom Mr. Trump recently named as the F.C.C. chairman, has also made clear that he intends to push to roll back or abandon several other major rules, including the landmark net neutrality regulation intended to ensure equal access to content on the internet, as well as efforts to keep prison phone rates down and a proposal to break open the cable box market.
The efforts have been praised by telecommunications giants, like Comcast, but condemned by consumer advocates.
The administration started its campaign against regulation on the afternoon of Inauguration Day, with a memo from Reince Priebus, Mr. Trump’s chief of staff, instructing agencies to halt work on new regulations and to delay putting completed regulations into effect.
So far, the effective dates of at least 75 rules have been delayed as a result of this order, based on an analysis of the Federal Register. That includes a measure intended to prevent potentially toxic formaldehyde exposure in homes caused by certain furniture products — an effort that has been underway since victims of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 were moved into contaminated government-issued trailers.
Such delays are not uncommon with new presidents — both George W. Bush and Mr. Obama did the same, to differing degrees. And certain measures are still going into effect as the Trump administration gets underway, including one that prohibits smoking in public housing nationwide as of Feb. 3.
Still, the general Trump administration freeze has drawn broad opposition, some of it surprising. The Department of Agriculture has delayed a rule that would make it easier for chicken farmers to sue chicken processors. Business groups, including the National Federation of Independent Business, want to kill the rule.
But small-scale chicken farmers are fighting back.
Mike Weaver, a West Virginia farmer who said he had voted for Mr. Trump and was pleased with most of what he had seen so far, said he wished Mr. Trump would meet with farmers.
“I’d love to have a visit with the president about this, to tell him that these are federal regulations, yes, but these are good regulations,” said Mr. Weaver, the president of a small-farm group called the Organization for Competitive Markets. “These are regulations that we want implemented.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, asked the Justice Department this weekend to publicly reject President Trump’s assertion that President Barack Obama ordered the tapping of Mr. Trump’s phones, senior American officials said on Sunday. Mr. Comey has argued that the highly charged claim is false and must be corrected, they said, but the department has not released any such statement.
Mr. Comey, who made the request on Saturday after Mr. Trump leveled his  allegation on Twitter, has been working to get the Justice Department to knock down the claim because it falsely insinuates that the F.B.I. broke the law, the officials said.
A spokesman for the F.B.I. declined to comment. Sarah Isgur Flores, the spokeswoman for the Justice Department, also declined to comment.
Mr. Comey’s request is a remarkable rebuke of a sitting president, putting the nation’s top law enforcement official in the position of questioning Mr. Trump’s truthfulness. The confrontation between the two is the most serious consequence of Mr. Trump’s weekend Twitter outburst, and it underscores the dangers of what the president and his aides have unleashed by accusing the former president of a conspiracy to undermine Mr. Trump’s young administration.
The White House showed no indication that it would back down from Mr. Trump’s claims. On Sunday, the president demanded a congressional inquiry into whether Mr. Obama had abused the power of federal law enforcement agencies before the 2016 presidential election. In a statement from his spokesman, Mr. Trump called “reports” about the wiretapping “very troubling” and said Congress should examine them as part of its investigations into Russia’s meddling in the election.
In addition to being concerned about potential attacks on the bureau’s credibility, senior F.B.I. officials are said to be worried that the notion of a court-approved wiretap will raise the public’s expectations that the federal authorities have significant evidence implicating the Trump campaign in colluding with Russia’s efforts to disrupt the presidential election.
Mr. Comey has not been dealing directly with Attorney General Jeff Sessions on the matter, as Mr. Sessions announced on Thursday that he would recuse himself from any investigation of Russia’s efforts to influence the election. It had been revealed on Wednesday that Mr. Sessions had misled Congress about his meetings with the Russian ambassador during the campaign.
Mr. Comey’s behind-the-scenes maneuvering is certain to invite contrasts to his actions last year, when he spoke publicly about the Hillary Clinton email case and disregarded Justice Department entreaties not to.
It is not clear why Mr. Comey did not issue a statement himself. He is the most senior law enforcement official who was kept on the job as the Obama administration gave way to the Trump administration. And while the Justice Department applies for intelligence-gathering warrants, the F.B.I. keeps its own records and is in a position to know whether Mr. Trump’s claims are true. While intelligence officials do not normally discuss the existence or nonexistence of surveillance warrants, no law prevents Mr. Comey from issuing the statement.
In his demand for a congressional inquiry, the president, through his press secretary, Sean Spicer, issued a statement on Sunday that said, “President Donald J. Trump is requesting that as part of their investigation into Russian activity, the congressional intelligence committees exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016.”
Mr. Spicer, who repeated the entire statement in a series of Twitter posts, added that “neither the White House nor the president will comment further until such oversight is conducted.”
A spokesman for Mr. Obama and his former aides have called the accusation by Mr. Trump completely false, saying that Mr. Obama never ordered any wiretapping of a United States citizen.
“A cardinal rule of the Obama administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice,” Kevin Lewis, Mr. Obama’s spokesman, said in a statement on Saturday.
Mr. Trump’s demand for a congressional investigation appears to be based, at least in part, on unproven claims by Breitbart News and conservative talk radio hosts that secret warrants were issued authorizing the tapping of the phones of Mr. Trump and his aides at Trump Tower in New York.
In a series of Twitter posts on Saturday, the president seemed to be convinced that those claims were true. In one post, Mr. Trump said, “I’d bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!”
On Sunday, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the deputy White House press secretary, said the president was determined to find out what had really happened, calling it potentially the “greatest abuse of power” that the country had seen.
“Look, I think he’s going off of information that he’s seen that has led him to believe that this is a very real potential,” Ms. Sanders said on ABC’s “This Week.” “And if it is, this is the greatest overreach and the greatest abuse of power that I think we have ever seen and a huge attack on democracy itself. And the American people have a right to know if this took place.”
The claims about wiretapping appear similar in some ways to the unfounded voter fraud charges that Mr. Trump made during his first days in the Oval Office. Just after Inauguration Day, he reiterated in a series of Twitter posts his belief that millions of voters had cast ballots illegally — claims that also appeared to be based on conspiracy theories from right-wing websites.
As with his demand for a wiretapping inquiry, Mr. Trump called for a “major investigation” into voter fraud, saying on Twitter that “depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!” No investigation has been started.
Senior law enforcement and intelligence officials who worked in the Obama administration have said that there were no secret intelligence warrants regarding Mr. Trump. Asked whether such a warrant existed, James R. Clapper Jr., a former director of national intelligence, said on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” “Not to my knowledge, no.”
“There was no such wiretap activity mounted against the president-elect at the time, as a candidate or against his campaign,” Mr. Clapper added.
Mr. Trump’s demands for a congressional investigation were initially met with skepticism by lawmakers, including Republicans. Appearing on CNN’s “State of the Union” on Sunday, Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, said he was “not sure what it is that he is talking about.”
“I’m not sure what the genesis of that statement was,” Mr. Rubio said.
Pressed to elaborate on “Meet the Press,” Mr. Rubio said, “I’m not going to be a part of a witch hunt, but I’m also not going to be a part of a cover-up.”



ARTICLE
An Afghan family of five that had received approval to move to the United States based on the father’s work for the American government has been detained for more than two days after flying into Los Angeles International Airport, a legal advocacy group said in court documents filed on Saturday.
A federal judge in Los Angeles issued on Saturday evening a temporary restraining order to prevent the mother and children from being transferred out of the state. The order, by Judge Josephine L. Staton of the United States District Court for the Central District of California, arrived as they were about to be put on a plane to Texas, most likely bound for a family detention center there, lawyers said.
The scene at the airport was “chaotic, panicked; it was a mess,” said Lali Madduri, a lawyer with the firm Gibson Dunn, which is representing the family pro bono. “The whole time the children are crying, the woman is crying. They can’t understand what’s going on.”
The father had arrived on Thursday with his wife and three children, ages 7, 6 and 8 months, on Special Immigrant Visas, according to the lawyers’ habeas corpus petition filed on Saturday in Federal District Court in Los Angeles. Those visas were created by Congress for citizens in Iraq and Afghanistan who have helped the United States military or government as drivers, interpreters or in other jobs — work that often makes them targets in their home countries.
But instead of being allowed to enter the United States, the family has been detained, according to the court papers.
“I’ve never, ever heard of this happening,” said Becca Heller, the director of the International Refugee Assistance Project, or IRAP, which filed the petition. “They go through so many layers of security clearance, including one right before they get on the plane.”
Calling the detention “egregious, inhumane and unconstitutional,” the group petitioned the court to release the family, whose names were not publicly revealed. The judge did not order the family be released, but set a hearing in the case for Monday.
According to Ms. Heller, the father was being held Saturday night at a men’s immigration detention facility in Orange County, Calif. His wife and children were taken to a detention center in downtown Los Angeles.
Asked for comment on the case, a spokesman for Immigration and Customs Enforcement said only that the agency “will fully comply with the March 4 judicial order and all other legal requirements.”
The case was the latest instance of what advocates say has been increased scrutiny at American airports since President Trump took office, especially after his January executive order temporarily banning travelers from seven predominantly Muslim countries. A federal court halted that order, but the administration has said it will issue a revised version. Afghanistan was not one of the seven countries in the original ban.
Even so, customs agents at airports have been using their power to detain passengers, demand passwords for smartphones to search their contents and to even cancel visas. Mem Fox, a best-selling children’s book author from Australia, described being held for questioning — also at Los Angeles International Airport — for several hours with no access to water or a bathroom, and was prohibited from using her cellphone.
Henry Rousso, a prominent French historian of the Holocaust, said he was detained at an airport in Houston for more than 10 hours and was threatened with deportation when he arrived to give the keynote address at a conference at Texas A&M University.
It was unclear exactly how the Afghan man who was detained had helped the United States, but IRAP wrote in the court petition that “his service put not only his own life, but also the lives of his wife and three small children, at risk.”
Kerry Arndt, a spokeswoman for Senator Patty Murray, Democrat of Washington State, where the family was going to settle, said the senator’s office was trying to get information from the Department of Homeland Security, but was “very frustrated from the lack of communication and information that we’re getting.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — The United States has increased its forces near the northern Syrian town of Manbij as concerns have grown that fighting could erupt among the complex array of militias and Syrian and Turkish troops who are operating on the crowded battlefield near there.
Photographs of American troops in Stryker vehicles and armored Humvees flying American flags circulated on Saturday on social media. The American-led command that is fighting the Islamic State, a militant group also known as ISIS or ISIL, acknowledged the buildup around the town, but did not provide details.
“The coalition has increased its force presence in and around Manbij to deter any hostile action against the city and its civilians, to enhance local governance and to ensure there is no persistent Y.P.G. presence,” an American military spokesman said, using the acronym for the People’s Protection Units, Kurdish militia groups that have been trained by United States military advisers.
The Turks have repeatedly complained that the Y.P.G., which played a critical role in taking Manbij, has yet to vacate the city, despite American assurances that it has done so.
The spokesman added, “This is a deliberate action to reassure our coalition members and partner forces, deter aggression, and ensure all parties remain focused on defeating our common enemy, ISIS.”
American military officials said the total number of United States forces in Syria had not increased. But the new deployment of American troops around Manbij has been done in a visible manner.
A combustible mix of forces are crowding the battlefield in northern Syria, including Turkish-backed Syrian militias, Syrian government forces, and Kurdish and Arab fighters trained by the United States.
Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend, who commands the American-led task force that is fighting the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, told reporters on Wednesday that Syrian government troops had advanced near Manbij to the point where they were within “rifle range” of Syrian Arab fighters backed by American forces.
The United States has hundreds of troops in northern Syria who have been training and advising Syrian Arab and Kurdish fighters.
“It’s very difficult and complicated,” said General Townsend, adding that it was important that tensions among the groups not disrupt the campaign against the Islamic State. “That’s what we ought to keep our efforts focused on, and not fighting deliberately or accidentally with one another.”
The potential for a clash is clear. Abu Amjed, the head of the Manbij Military Council, which has responsibility for securing the city, said during an interview last week that Turkish forces had been shooting at his front lines.
Another worry is Ahrar al-Sham, an Islamist opposition group, which has been supported by the Turks.
Under a recent agreement that Russia is said to have played a role in brokering, Syrian government forces are moving into villages near Manbij. The Manbij security forces appear to have ceded control of the villages to prevent them from being occupied by Turkish-backed militias or Turkish troops.
In a development that reflected the fluid and confusing battlefield, Russian aircraft on Tuesday mistakenly bombed Syrian Arab fighters trained by the United States. General Townsend said  the attack, which took place about 10 miles southwest of Manbij, occurred when the Syrian fighters moved into villages that had been occupied by the Islamic State.
The Russian Defense Ministry said it had not carried out airstrikes in areas that the United States had previously designated as being occupied by American-backed fighters.



ARTICLE
Wildfires raging across four states, fanned by winds and fueled by a drought-starved prairie, have killed at least six people and burned more than 2,300 square miles.
Winds in western Kansas and the Oklahoma Panhandle were easing somewhat on Wednesday, but weather officials said that conditions were challenging for fire crews and were expected to worsen on Thursday and Friday, renewing concerns about getting the fires under control.
“These conditions will make it somewhat easier for firefighting efforts, but far from perfect,” Bill Bunting, forecast operations chief for the Oklahoma-based Storm Prediction Center, told The Associated Press. “The fires still will be moving.”
“The ideal situation is that it would turn cold and rain,” he said, “and unfortunately, that’s not going to happen.”
The National Weather Service has issued a critical fire risk warning from the Texas Panhandle into Oklahoma, Kansas and western Missouri.
Phillip Truitt, a specialist with the Texas A&M Forest Service, told Reuters that because of the high-risk days ahead, “we’re trying to get these fires buttoned up as fast as we can.”
It was not clear what started the fires, but Mr. Bunting said human activity — such as a cigarette thrown from a car or a spark from a catalytic converter — was most often the culprit. Lightning accounts for 25 percent of wildfires.
Among the dead are three ranch hands in the Texas Panhandle who were trying to herd cattle away from the flames. Judge Richard Peet, the top administrator of Gray County, Tex., told local news outlets that three people — two men and a woman — had been killed by a wildfire that flared Monday afternoon.
The Amarillo Globe-News published profiles of the victims on Wednesday.
One man, Cody Crockett, 20, was on horseback; his girlfriend, Sydney Wallace, 23, was nearby on foot, Judge Peet told reporters. Ms. Wallace, he said, was unable to escape the fumes and died of smoke inhalation.
Mr. Crockett and the third victim, Sloan Everett, 35, who was also on horseback, suffered burns, Judge Peet said.
Nearly six million people live in areas at risk for critical wildfire conditions, including Tulsa, Okla., Oklahoma City and Kansas City, the Storm Prediction Center said. Forecasters said conditions were also ripe for fires in Iowa, Missouri and Nebraska.
Kansas officials said that in addition to the homes and buildings destroyed, the fires had killed an unknown number of livestock in several counties.
Many animals maimed by the fire had to be killed. Larry Konrade of Ashland, Kan., told The Wichita Eagle that he had killed at least 40 cows, “and in a lot of places, there weren’t even very many left alive to put down.”
“All in all, I’d guess I seen between 300 and 400 dead cattle,” said Mr. Konrade, who spent the day helping a rancher. “It was just a matter of putting animals out of their misery, doing them a favor. They were going to die anyway.”
The extent of the damage in some areas was not known, The Hutchinson News in Kansas reported, because officials have been unable to survey the area.
In Kansas, at least nine helicopters have been put into service to fight the fires.
A dashcam video of a Kansas state trooper captured him rescuing a stranded truck driver and then driving through thick smoke and fire.
The trooper, Tod Hileman, posted a video on Facebook of the fire near Wilson, in central Kansas. After the fire jumped across part of Interstate 70, he said, he began turning people around before they drove into it. He said he waved off about 20 cars and two tractor-trailers before the fire crossed the opposite lanes.
He can be heard on the video telling a truck driver who became stuck to “get in.”
Oklahoma’s governor, Mary Fallin, declared a state of emergency on Tuesday in 22 counties because of the wildfires, and Gov. Sam Brownback of Kansas has signed a state of disaster emergency declaration.
In northeastern Colorado, near the Nebraska border, firefighters battled a blaze that had burned more than 45 square miles and destroyed at least five homes and 15 outbuildings, with no serious injuries.
Officials in the states affected by the wildfires have not released estimates of the economic losses caused by damaged or destroyed homes, businesses and livestock — or the expense of firefighters’ efforts to put out the flames. But it is expected that those costs will run well into the millions of dollars.
During last year’s massive wildfire along the Kansas-Oklahoma border, firefighting costs reached $1.5 million in Barber County, Kan., which was hardest hit. The county’s emergency management chief, Jerry McNamar, told The A.P. that the economic losses included 750 to 800 cattle that died, along with at least 2,700 miles of fence, worth $27 million, that was destroyed.



ARTICLE
A North Carolina police officer who was shown on a video throwing a 15-year-old girl to the ground while trying to break up a fight at a high school in January will not face criminal charges, the Wake County district attorney said this week.
The district attorney, N. Lorrin Freeman, said in a statement that a grand jury had declined to bring criminal charges against the officer, Ruben De Los Santos, for his actions in the cafeteria at Rolesville High School on Jan. 3. Ms. Freeman had asked the grand jury to review whether the case showed “willful failure to discharge duties” and “assault on a female.”
In the video, which is less than 10 seconds long, Officer De Los Santos, who was working as a school resource officer, lifts the girl off the ground with his arms around her waist and then slams her onto the floor. She lies on her side briefly before he hauls her to her feet and then, pinning her arms, walks her away.
The video was posted online by a student who said the girl had been trying to break up a fight involving the girl’s sister.
The girl was treated for a head injury and released, according to the district attorney’s statement.
The police department in Rolesville, a town of about 5,000 people 15 miles northeast of Raleigh, said it put the officer on paid administrative leave after the incident. He resigned last Thursday, the department said in a statement.
“Our law enforcement officers are engaged daily in difficult interactions where they often are required to intervene,” Ms. Freeman said in her statement. “As they strive to maintain the peace and protect our community, it’s important that proper and legal boundaries on the use of force are followed.”
She added, “I commend Chief of Police Bobby Langston for his willingness to invite an unbiased review of this matter and for his commitment to maintaining the public trust of his community.”
She did not return a voice mail message on Wednesday.
The Rolesville Police Department said in a news release after the Jan. 3 incident that the fight took place at about 7:10 a.m. in the school’s cafeteria and that it had asked the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation to investigate what happened between the teenager and the officer.
Patty McQuillan, a spokeswoman for the Department of Public Safety, said in an email on Wednesday that the investigation was now complete.
The incident sparked a debate about the proliferation and role of the police in schools, similar to the discussions that have been held in other schools after officers were called on to deal with student misbehavior, like a deputy’s rough takedown and arrest of an uncooperative 16-year-old girl in a Columbia, S.C., high school classroom in 2015.
Weeks after the Rolesville High School episode, leaders in Wake County called for officials at a town-hall meeting to rethink the role of officers in schools and invest instead in counselors, nurses and mentors.
“If we want to make an investment in school resource officers, we should limit their role to what it started off being, which is to protect and serve,” said Jessica Holmes, a Wake County commissioner, according to news reports of the meeting.
Bobby W. Langston II, the police chief, said in a brief telephone interview on Wednesday that Officer De Los Santos had been an officer with the department since 2012. He declined to make further comments on the case, or to say whether Officer De Los Santos had a lawyer, or would be returning to the force.
He referred questions to news releases previously released by the Town of Rolesville on its website. In one, published on Friday, the chief said: “In this profession, law enforcement officers must make split-second decisions in tense and rapidly evolving circumstances. Sometimes that split-second decision doesn’t define the longstanding character of the officer.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — Influential groups representing hospitals and nurses came out on Wednesday against a Republican bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, joining doctors and the retirees’ lobby to warn that it would lead to a rise in the uninsured.
In a letter to lawmakers, major hospital groups wrote, “As organizations that take care of every individual who walks through our doors, both due to our mission and our obligations under federal law, we are committed to ensuring health care coverage is available and affordable for all.”
The groups, including the American Hospital Association, the Association of American Medical Colleges, the Catholic Health Association of the United States and the Children’s Hospital Association, said they could not support the bill “as currently written.”
The hospitals and the American Nurses Association joined the American Medical Association and AARP, which rejected the bill on Tuesday.
House Republicans have been left scrambling to marshal support from businesses and other interests that stand to benefit from lower taxes if the bill passes. Insurers are on the fence, and other powerful forces like pharmaceutical companies remain largely on the sidelines.
Squeezed between wary health care providers and angry conservatives who believe that the bill leaves too much of the Affordable Care Act in place, the Republican leadership and President Trump appear to be facing an uphill climb.
But the White House appears increasingly confident about the prospects for a health care overhaul to pass in the House. In a meeting with conservative leaders in the Oval Office on Wednesday, Mr. Trump said he anticipated the most trouble in the Senate, where moderate and conservative lawmakers are opposing the plan for different reasons. He said he was prepared to pressure holdout senators by holding the kind of stadium-style rallies he led during his presidential campaign.
The House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, said Republicans were “going through the inevitable growing pains of being an opposition party to becoming a governing party.”
“It’s a new system for people,” he added. “But it’s all the more reason why we have to do what we said we would do and deliver for the American people, and govern and use our principles.”
The array of groups taking strong positions against the bill is evidence that its potential consequences extend far beyond health insurance coverage, to much of the nation’s economy.
The opposition is also a powerful reminder of how many past efforts to overhaul the American health care system failed because of resistance by major interest groups. Winning the support of the health care and insurance industries allowed the Obama administration in 2010 to push through the most significant health care legislation since President Lyndon B. Johnson’s Great Society.
Within a few months after President Barack Obama took office in 2009, his administration had lined up support from health care providers, insurers, consumers and pharmaceutical makers by offering a grand bargain: The health bill would include a requirement that most Americans have health insurance, providing millions of new customers through the law’s often substantial premium subsidies and its option for states to expand Medicaid. In exchange, hospitals would have to accept spending cuts and the health care industry would have to accept new taxes to pay for the legislation.
The Obama White House dedicated enormous effort to win pledges of support before Democrats even put out a bill — an effort not replicated by the Trump White House or Republican leaders in Congress.
But the Affordable Care Act also created an array of taxes that the Republicans now hope to wipe away, helping them win the support of groups like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and Americans for Tax Reform, led by the anti-tax activist Grover Norquist.
The congressional Joint Committee on Taxation issued estimates this week showing how much revenue the government could lose starting in 2018 under the Republican bill, which the party has called the American Health Care Act, as a result of repealing taxes on drug makers (nearly $25 billion over 10 years), insurers (nearly $145 billion), makers of medical devices (nearly $20 billion), and high-income households (more than $270 billion from taxes on earned income and investment income).
“The American Health Care Act repeals the medical device tax, which will result in greater investments in medical cures, lower health care costs and more high-tech manufacturing jobs in communities across the United States,” trumpeted the Medical Device Manufacturers Association.
The extent to which these groups mobilize on behalf of the Republican bill may help determine whether it succeeds.
For now, the supporters of the House bill seem badly outgunned by opponents. On Wednesday, as two congressional committees took up the Republican repeal-and-replace bill, the American Nurses Association and a coalition of hospital groups came out against the proposal.
The A.M.A., which has nearly 235,000 members and calls itself the voice of the medical profession, sent a letter to leaders of the two committees on Tuesday saying it could not support the Republican bill “because of the expected decline in health insurance coverage and the potential harm it would cause to vulnerable patient populations.”
In particular, the group said it opposed a plan to replace the sliding, income-based premium tax credits provided under the Affordable Care Act with fixed credits based on age. The current system, it said, “provides the greatest chance that those of the least means are able to purchase coverage.”
America’s Health Insurance Plans, the health insurance lobby, released its own lengthy statement on Wednesday. In a letter to the leaders of the House committees that drafted the bill, Marilyn B. Tavenner, the group’s chief executive, warned Republican leaders that their plans to change Medicaid financing, among other things, could harm coverage and care.
While many insurers have lost money in the Affordable Care Act’s private insurance marketplaces, they have generally profited from the expansion of Medicaid, which would effectively be phased out under the Republican plan.
“As a core principle, we believe that Medicaid funding should be adequate to meet the health care needs of beneficiaries,” Ms. Tavenner wrote. “Medicaid health plans are at the forefront of providing coverage for and access to behavioral health services and treatment for opioid use disorders, and insufficient funding could jeopardize the progress being made on these important public health fronts.”
A day earlier, AARP — the association of middle-aged and older Americans that is another crucial supporter of the Affordable Care Act — declared its opposition to the bill and even started running an ad against it. In a letter to Congress, the group said the bill would increase health costs for people ages 50 to 64, could lead to cuts in Medicaid coverage of long-term care and would allow insurers to charge older people five times as much as younger ones.
The hardening resistance complicated the case for the Republicans as they moved their bill forward on Wednesday.
“I respect those organizations and their views,” said Representative Larry Bucshon, an Indiana Republican and a heart surgeon who conceded that criticism of the bill from doctors and hospitals could make it more difficult to sell the measure to the public. “Their voice is an important voice in health care.”
But, he noted, those groups supported the health care law in 2010.
“Hospitals have done quite well under the Affordable Care Act, but my constituents have not,” he said. “Their premiums are going up. Their deductibles are high.”
Across the rotunda, Republican senators were less enthusiastic.
Senator Shelley Moore Capito, Republican of West Virginia, said she was not certain that a delay in the rollback of Medicaid coverage was “enough for me.” Senator Lisa Murkowski, Republican of Alaska, expressed alarm that the bill’s tax credits would not account for higher premium costs in insurance markets like hers, a largely rural state with little competition. Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, said he did not want states that took the Medicaid expansion to “get a benefit” that the states that rejected the program did not.
Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, said she was unhappy that the bill removed money for Planned Parenthood.
There was also a creeping concern about how quickly the bill was moving. Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, essentially promised to move the bill to the Senate floor without the hearings and other processes that are normal for such a far-reaching piece of legislation. He had promised when Republicans took the majority that they would honor normal Senate processes and traditions.
“I think if that’s the approach they take,” Mr. Rubio said, “they won’t have the votes in the Senate.”



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON — For a while now, Senator Mark R. Warner has taken to thinking like a Russian.
The Virginia Democrat is losing himself in a book about the Romanovs, eager to absorb the country’s theories of war, teasing staff members for insufficient knowledge of Tolstoy and Nabokov. He has been sending messages over the encrypted app Signal, just to be safe.
Then there was the ruckus outside Mr. Warner’s window late one recent afternoon, a curious thud against the building beside a giant American flag.
“That may just be the F.S.B.,” Mr. Warner said flatly, referring to Russia’s primary intelligence and security agency. He appeared to be kidding. Probably.
Such is the head space of Capitol Hill’s top Democrat investigating ties between President Trump’s orbit and Russian intelligence — a former rising star in the party, frozen in the ascent for years now.
As Republicans resist calls for a select committee or special prosecutor to oversee the matter, the Democrats’ best hope for acquiring answers most likely remains an investigation by the Senate Intelligence Committee, where Mr. Warner is vice chairman.
The result, at the height of anti-Trump fervor and Wall Street-bashing progressivism in the Democratic Party’s base, is a spotlight trained brightly on a southern-state centrist with a nine-figure net worth, a decade-old itch to be president and, until recently, according to friends and former aides, a healthy disdain for the institution he serves.
“I’ve never seen him seized by a responsibility as much as he is now,” said Senator Tim Kaine, Democrat of Virginia, who has known Mr. Warner since law school and succeeded him as the state’s governor in 2006. “He’s a man on a mission.”
Mr. Warner, 62, has another phrase for it: “probably the most important thing I’ve done in public life.”
Yet the competition for this distinction is not as fierce as Mr. Warner once imagined.
Rangy and gravel-voiced, with a Harvard law degree, a telecommunications fortune and a stately suburban home in the Old Town neighborhood of Alexandria, Va., Mr. Warner reached the governor’s mansion in 2002 as a pro-business Democrat who found unlikely success with the kinds of rural voters who last year elevated Mr. Trump. He sponsored a local Nascar team, dabbled in turkey hunting and added a bluegrass campaign theme song.
“Get ready to shout it from the coal mines to the stills,” the lyrics went. “Here comes Mark Warner, the hero of the hills.”
After a popular term as governor, a possible 2008 presidential run was aborted before it began, punctured by some halting moments on the precampaign circuit. (If a cellphone went off in the crowd while he was speaking, Mr. Warner, a co-founder of the company that became Nextel, would joke that all he heard was “ka-ching, ka-ching.”)
Since then, after a landslide Senate victory in 2008, he has slogged through life in the Senate with few signature achievements, never quite finding his moment.
Persistent vice-presidential speculation amounted to little, with Mr. Kaine instead getting the most recent call to round out a Democratic ticket.
By the time Mr. Warner came up for re-election to the Senate in 2014, he eked out a victory by less than a point. Months before the vote, he was asked at a county fair how he was doing. His response: “You know where I work.”
Now given a task befitting his ambitions, Mr. Warner is plainly relishing the role, suggesting his profile as a moderate — Mr. Warner once had an “A” rating from the National Rifle Association — was at last serving a political purpose on the national stage.
“There have been some times when I’ve been put in kind of ‘timeout’ for being too bipartisan,” he said during a 40-minute interview last week in his Senate office, sipping acai-blueberry pomegranate Vitaminwater from a plastic cup. “Man alive, you cannot make this partisan.”
The minefields are many, politically and procedurally, as Mr. Warner strains to hold the committee together and maintain his own credibility with peers in both parties.
He is working to assuage the concerns of Democrats who suspect that Senator Richard Burr, Republican of North Carolina and the committee’s chairman, is not especially interested in a thorough investigation.
But he has taken care not to alienate Mr. Burr, a vocal Trump supporter during the campaign.
These dueling impulses collided last month when Mr. Warner publicly scolded his Republican colleague after The Washington Post reported that Mr. Burr had spoken with the White House and engaged with news organizations to dispute reports that associates of Mr. Trump had consistent contact with Russian intelligence operatives.
In the interview, Mr. Warner called Mr. Burr a friend and declined to detail their private conversations. Other Democrats have been less muted.
“As deep as our skepticism runs when it comes to Senator Burr, it is exceeded by the confidence we have in Senator Warner,” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the minority leader.
The responsibility seems to have seeped into most aspects of Mr. Warner’s professional life. He has taken to deploying phrases like “personal cyberhygiene” in conversation and discusses Russian incursions into French politics with a fluency once reserved for Virginia budget skirmishes.
Reading materials lately have focused on the Gerasimov Doctrine of Russian warfare, named for a general and appointee of President Vladimir V. Putin, which holds that the boundary between war and peace has blurred and that covert tactics will increase in “nonlinear war.”
Last week, a meeting with the German ambassador — ostensibly to discuss trade and economic policy — turned immediately to Russia, and scarcely returned to the intended topic. 
“I’ve got to get this Russia right,” Mr. Warner said at one point in the interview, seemingly too preoccupied to supply a missing noun.
His obsessive approach, friends and former staff members say, follows years of frustration over the pace of progress in Washington, including occasional clashes with the former Democratic leader, Senator Harry Reid of Nevada.
One past prominent assignment, as a member of a “Gang of Six” debt reduction group in 2011, fizzled despite a frantic blitz from Mr. Warner, who hosted negotiation sessions at his own home.
“My primary responsibility in the group was to make sure that Mark had taken his Ritalin,” said Saxby Chambliss, the former Republican senator from Georgia and a frequent dining and drinking partner of Mr. Warner, who prefers white wine.
Luke Albee, Mr. Warner’s former chief of staff, said there was perhaps no lawmaker “less psychologically wired for the Senate.”
“He was always looking for doors to open and things to join,” Mr. Albee said. “I think that this is one where the game has come to him.”
For now, Mr. Warner has suggested, he does not aspire to anything more. In November, he told The Wall Street Journal that his presidential window “is probably shut.”
But that was months ago. Asked last week if he retained any desire to be president or vice president, Mr. Warner demurred. “I’ve got one job to do,” he said. “And doing this job well is going to take 100 percent of my time.”
He was told this was not the hardest “no” one could imagine. The senator smiled, shrugging slightly and staying silent.
It was not yet time, it seemed, to meddle in the 2020 election.



ARTICLE
Once again in the young presidency of Donald J. Trump, women rallied against his administration on Wednesday, this time by skipping work, wearing red and refusing to spend money. But the protests were far smaller than the masses who turned the women’s marches on Jan. 21 into a phenomenon, keeping the question open of whether protesters’ fervor can be channeled into a sustained movement with demonstrable political results.
In New York City, hundreds of people jammed into a Midtown block, and the Women’s March on Washington said 10 of its organizers were arrested there for blocking traffic. The municipal court in Providence, R.I., shut down because seven of the clerks and a deputy court administrator stayed home from work. Schools in Alexandria, Va.; Chapel Hill-Carrboro, N.C.; and Prince George’s County, Md., closed for the day because so many teachers stayed home.
The strike was held on International Women’s Day, and President Trump weighed in early with a restrained statement, writing a message of respect on Twitter for women and the role they play in the economy.
Later, in Washington, women rallied near the White House to protest the “global gag rule” banning federal funding for any organization overseas that discusses abortion as a family planning option. But Rebecca Wood, 37, who brought her 4-year-old daughter, said her complaints were broader. “I used to list so many things on a sign,” she said. “Now I have so many concerns, I just have a sign that says ‘RESIST.’”
It was always unlikely that a general strike, labeled “A Day Without a Woman,” would produce the same turnout as the post-inauguration marches. The strike lacked the marches’ momentum coming off the election, as well as their virality and visuals, like the photogenic pink “pussy hats” that many attendees wore. It is also hard to tally participation or impact because employers could not provide counts of how many women stayed home, and retail figures are not yet available to show whether women stopped spending money.
Some questioned the decision to call a strike at all. “In order to work, a general strike has to actually stop something from functioning,” said Todd Gitlin, a former president of Students for a Democratic Society who has written about political movements. “Anywhere it hasn’t done that can’t be counted as a success. It plays to your inner audience, not your outer audience.”
The strike’s leaders tried to manage expectations from the start. “The object for us isn’t that we hope to shut the whole economy down,” said Linda Sarsour, a co-chairwoman of the event who was arrested. “We see this as an opportunity to introduce women to different tactics of activism. Our goal is not to have the same numbers as the march.”
Critics have charged that the call for a strike reinforces one of the central tensions of this next wave of women’s activism: the gap between white, privileged women and minority, lower-paid women, who may not be able to afford a day off from work and could lose their jobs. Ms. Sarsour said that was why organizers deliberately offered a menu of ways to participate if women could not strike.
Janna Pea, a spokeswoman for the Women’s March, said that as of Tuesday, more than 30,000 people had registered their intent to participate, most of them in the blue states of New York and California.
One-day mass protests are valuable displays of political muscle and hard for politicians to ignore. Ultimately, Mr. Gitlin said, protesters must be wooed into the harder, more dogged work of continuous organizing and political participation that changes policies or wins elections.
There is some anecdotal evidence that this is beginning to take place. Ms. Sarsour said the march had produced an instant national database that is being used to match first-time protesters with organizational tools for activism.
Women, deployed by Planned Parenthood and other groups, were at the forefront of recent town hall meetings, confronting members of Congress about plans to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
More than 5,000 small-group meetings were held across the country last month, at the urging of the women’s march organizers, to form networks to push for political change in local communities. A national call-in convened by a similar network of women’s groups to encourage protests about health care drew 58,000 people in mid-February.
And many women are joining forces with a bevy of groups that have sprung up since the election to foster activism with technological tools, such as Indivisible, which provides a template for influencing members of Congress; SwingLeft, which identifies nearby swing districts and offers opportunities to volunteer; and countless more.
Many women marked the day in personal ways. Kellee Stemac, in the conservative city of Plano, Tex., said she had misgivings about asking women to strike, so she planned to wear red and spend money only at women-owned businesses.
A few dozen red-clad demonstrators turned out at a downtown plaza in Lafayette, Ind. Gloria Goings, 63, a retired nurse and first-time protester, said she had come because of “the injustice that women deal with — like jobs, everyday life.”
But attendance was only a fraction of what it was at the march in January, when hundreds took to Lafayette’s streets, and the impact on business Wednesday seemed limited.
The same was true in Phoenix. Kristy King, who helped organize the January march, said that the strike was a welcome show of solidarity, but that low-income women might not have been able to attend. “I could think of better ways of spending my time,” she said a few hours after she decided to join Wednesday’s protest at the Arizona State Capitol.
In Denver, Theresa Newsom, a teacher, said she had driven 90 minutes from Colorado Springs for her first political march, noting proudly that she had a male substitute in her classroom.
In Silicon Valley, where women have often battled hostile workplaces, many companies were eager to demonstrate their support. Uber, which has been weathering a storm caused by a female engineer’s complaint about sexual harassment, sent a memo to employees last week saying they were welcome to participate in the strike, said MoMo Zhou, a spokeswoman for the company. Because Uber offers unlimited vacation time, no one will be docked pay.
Facebook — where Teresa Shook, a lawyer in Hawaii, first posted the idea of a march on Washington — is marking International Women’s Day with a 24-hour live feed of events.
Sarah Hofstetter, the chief executive of the advertising agency 360i, said that hundreds of the company’s 600 New York employees were participating in some way. Jezebel, a news site aimed at women, was run on Wednesday by men.
International Women’s Day was also observed around the world. Women in Tbilisi, Georgia, demonstrated under a symbolic “glass ceiling” to illustrate limitations on women’s advancement. Tens of thousands of Polish women held protests. In India, where a toilet is still an aspiration for many women, Prime Minister Narendra Modi presided over a celebration of women who had worked hard to secure this basic item for their families.
But not everyone had the option to protest. Jo Sorrentino, a 28-year-old arborist from Oakland, Calif., posted on Facebook that she would have lost a day’s pay. On an hourly wage of $21.50, she said, “I can’t afford it.”



